user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,282070,13017215,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ErikMcKetten,"For three or four days now, I have played nothing but ""This War of Mine"". I am a veteran of Iraq and I remember all too well the hardships it brought upon the civilians, especially in the beginning of the war. I remember being heartbroken at the sight of children crying and begging for food on the side of the road.This ""game"" puts you square in the middle of the experiences of those civilians. It is a brutal, kill or be killed world - where an act of unimaginable violence may let you live another day, but it can also break your heart and soul. Some days, you are offered a chance at compassion - and if you take that chance, risking your own safety and resources for others, you may find you feel a bit better about yourself.Then there are the times where you are stuck between a rock and a hard place. You are unarmed, scavenging for anything to save your friends, and you peep through a keyhole and see a soldier brutally beating - and possible worse - a woman. He has an AK-47, you have a lockpick and a rumbling stomach. So you sit there and watch - afraid that any noise may turn his violent attention upon you. When it is all done, you hide until he leaves and then, shamefully, pick over the bloodied body of the woman for anything she may have scavenged before the soldier got to her.This is ""This War of Mine"" - a dark, beautiful, haunting, exhilerating, and horrible tale.What's that tagline, ""The first casualty of war is innocence""? It applies here - in a way you would have never imagined coming from a computer game."
,Recommended,282070,18713289,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,unicornsteak,"This is an INCREDIBLE game. It was recommended to me by a close friend because, me being a former war refugee from the Balkans, he thought I might find the content ""a bit familiar."" It went a bit further than that, in fact it kind turned out to be some uncanny early-childhood simulator for me. I still remember the visceral terror of being a child in that war; I will never forget howling and begging my mother not to go outside to buy bread, out of fear that she would be shot dead by a sniper. Asking why my grandmother couldn't go instead.This game captures moments like that with a masterful hand. It is never heavy or hamfisted. I can't explain how well the developers have encapsulated the hoplessness and the mundane brutality of the Balkan civil war, and it leads me to think that at least one key person involved in the development of this game had to have lived through it, too. The tone is just perfect, striking that difficult balance between terror and absurdity, and reminds me of all the films I love that came out of Former Yugoslavia after the war. This is not Angelina Jolie painting Balkan politics with a broad brush dipped in ignorance and a skewed western perspective insensitive of nuance--this is an authentic work of art that is sensitive to the complexities of its subject matter and the individual stories of the thousands of people whose lives were shaped and altered forever by this horrible, unnecessary war.It's an emotional playthrough, even for people who haven't had any experience with the historical event. It is a ""war game"" like no other and I can't recommend it enough. Take it from someone who was there."
76561198094505673,Recommended,282070,13998993,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Methadone,"This game shows a bad side of war, the dark one. It shows war from the citizen perspective. We start surviving with 3 or 4 chosen characters (first we have only one group and we unlock next people by surviving next days). The group lives in an emptied house. The supplies we find in the hideout run out very quickly. So what to do?       Stealing means surviving the next day or two. We start hiding in shadows and sneaking. And now comes a very hard choice: what about killing. I played two times. First time, i got into pensioners house. They potted me and ran up to the door. My friends were starving. I had no choice. I attacked the man with fists. He died after two hits in the head. Woman ran into the toilet and locked the door. I took away their food and left the house. I remember this particular moment all the time. In ""This War of Mine"" there i as lot of choices. Is killing and stealing in order to get some food morally better then starving? Who  are we decide upon other people's lives? Is there anything cheerful about the war we see in first person shooters?"
76561198194329698,Recommended,282070,32352864,Posted: 11 June,all,RalphBecker,"""War is hell""This game is not about a soldier who destroyes the whole army.This game is not about a massive cool looking war.This game is about people like you and me,surviving in hell named war.Atmoshepre of this game is soo outstanding,that you can feel the pain that war brings upon charactersAlso this game gonna make you cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥ when someone from your crew dies.This game shows you real war,without censorshipIt is highly depressing,but i still recommend to buy it.It is a highly unique experience and if you are sick of games where war is a one man murdering an army,play this,it will be worth it"
,Recommended,282070,23201854,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Orphan Planet,"Send Katia to scavenge the ‘Quite House’.The preview says it has food and meds and isn’t dangerous.Sounds like a good shout.Turns out it was just an old couple living there, doing their thing.Walk into house.Old man begs me not to take their stuff coz his wife is sick.Feel bad.Take their stuff anyway.Go home. Now Katia is depressed coz she robbed the old couple.Try to get Emilia to comfort her.Emilia is s*** at comforting.Katia is suicidal.I feel really bad.Decide to go back and try to return their stuff.Maybe I can give them this diamond I found.Go back to the Quite House.Can’t find old couple.Go upstairs.Old couple is dead.Quit game.Sit in corner contemplating what I’ve done."
,Recommended,282070,12997789,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Spirit,"Day 21: It's been three weeks since we moved into this bombed-out house we've come to call home. Three weeks since I last saw any members of my family; two since my last hot meal; one since Katia was gunned down scavenging for food and medicine. Bruno hasn't fared well. The illness is no longer confined to his body – now his soul is sick, broken. The snows have come, and we're feeding the heater every day now... I wept when we burned our only two books. Bruno scoffed. “They're children's books,” he muttered from his sick bed. “It's not as if we read them.” He didn't bother asking whose books they had been.Day 25: I scavenged last night. We're both starving. I remembered a house, untouched by the violence. I had come weeks earlier in the hopes of getting supplies only to find it occupied by an old couple... living as they had before war came. They reminded me of my grandparents, and I left. Katia and Bruno had not been happy, and we did not eat that night. I returned this evening in the hopes that they had fled... or worse, shamefully. But they had not. The old man struggled, wouldn't let me steal his wife's medicine. I tried to tell the proud ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I only needed a little, for my friend. I struck him and he hit the floor hard, unmoving. His wife screamed. “Why have you done this?” I am not sure if this was directed at me or God. What little food was left in my stomach came up, and I fled with what little I could carry. We'll eat tonight, and Bruno will have medicine.Day 27: Bruno passed sometime during the night. He looks at peace. It is better this way, I suppose. I shall join him. Hana, Emira, Lejla – I shall see you all soon.This War of Mine is an indie title set in an unspecified city that's been besieged. You and a random set of survivors brought together by chance stumble upon a bombed-out building. You control these characters by clicking on them or their photographs (which also provides a daily bio) and clicking on an interactive prompt. It is at this point that every game of This War of Mine will diverge. As you walk around your new home, shifting rubble and unlocking armoires, you'll find supplies: lumber, food, medicine, and all important components. Components (and lumber) are your primary building tools in the beginning, with which you can craft beds and chairs. These may seem luxurious in a time of war, but creature comforts help keep morale up. Advanced items, such as machine parts and electronics, will allow you to construct a metalwork, stove, heater, radio, and oven. But you'll never have enough for several of these items – not in a single day.It's up to you to decide what should come first. Do you build beds, so everyone can have a good night's sleep? Sure, you can sleep on the floor – but it's not as good as a warm bed. Do you eat cans and raw food, which are not very filling or comforting, or do you build a stove to make hot meals? Do you construct a weapon with which to defend yourself, or do you choose to build a herbal crafting station or moonshine still, which are great for future bartering?You'll busy yourself during the days with these tasks, and how to divvy them up. Some characters might be sick or slightly wounded, and keeping them in bed all day can help with recovery. But someone is going to have to craft and dig through rubble. When day turns to night (8 PM), you'll have further decisions to make. In the bombed-out city there are sites – villas, apartments, houses, hospitals – with potential supplies, some more promising than others. Each carries with them the risk of human habitation. Some people are willing to barter uneasily, while others are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥deserters from the army. Pillaging an empty building has no repercussions, but robbing people is generally frowned upon, and justice is swift and cruel. Worse still, there are looters who may just shoot on sight.So, who will go? Sending your fastest runner means they'll have a better shot at outrunning would-be murderers. Send your best scavenger and you'll have more room to carry supplies. Send your best trader/negotiator and they may be able to strike a deal. But if any of these characters are sick, wounded, tired, or feeling blue, they'll have a tougher go of it. Worse still, you're not exactly living in a fortress. There's a risk each night of looters coming to take what little you have. Some players will choose to use precious lumber to board up holes, others will craft knives and shovels, putting one or more characters on guard duty during the night. Others still will be forced to let everyone sleep, if exhaustion and illness are setting in, and you can't have your wounded staying up all night, guarding; they'll never heal. These raids can range from desperate scavengers that will flee from a single guard, to well-armed bandits that will wound or kill anyone in their way.You'll have to survive for a long time, upwards of forty days. And it's no easy task. Each playthrough will give you different survivors, different weather patterns, and different challenges when scavenging. It's fun and highly replayable, but the subject matter is heavy enough that you won't likely spend more than a dozen hours with this title.This War of Mine is a macabre juggling game, and just when you think you've found your rhythm, the weather or a sniper hits you like a greased up chainsaw. You will never find yourself thriving, just scraping by. And when supplies are low and days turn to weeks, you'll have to make some tough choices. The opening scenario I described is one that can happen in your game. You may decide to help neighbors initially; sending a survivor off to board up a woman's home while her husband is away, feeding an isolated artist, or helping the victim of a sniper attack. But your heart will turn to stone in time as living becomes a prolonged struggle. That old couple? They're no longer off limits. The hospital? They're wounded, dying – my people need this more than they do. And that is what This War of Mine does most effectively. It shows you the cost of war – body, mind, and soul. I've read plenty of great anti-war novels, seen plenty of great anti-war films. This War of Mine joins Spec Ops: The Line in a growing, prestigious genre of anti-war games. It speaks for the most silent, unrepresented victims of war unflinchingly, sincerely. It reveals the cost of war; not with the over-the-top set pieces and faceless macho protagonists, but with quiet moments.Near the end of my first playthrough, day 25, I had two survivors left from our original four. One had fled in the night; the other succumbed to a lethal injury. One survivor was utterly broken, rocking upstairs, muttering to himself. I sent my other depressed, ill survivor to comfort him, to rouse him from his depressed state. She sat and comforted him for an hour, and it gave him a little hope. But I knew it was all for naught. They were going to die, inevitably. We had no food. We had no medicine. So why? Why bother comforting him? Why not reset the game? I couldn't. I couldn't leave their story unfinished, untold. They both slept in beds that night, and both passed in the morning. The night had been calm, perhaps the calmest night since day one."
,Recommended,282070,12963016,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Thinking Potato,"I found a house with 2 old people.A husband and his wife.The wife was sickly and could barely runThe husband asked that I leave. I didn'tHe asked that I please leave his wife alone.They were defenselessI walked around and poked into their inventoryI couldn't take anything because it would mean I'd be stealingThe husband yelled: ""Hey! Stop what you're doing!"", ""Bandits! Help!"", ""Oh God please stop!""I was confused. I had done nothing wrong. I looked, but did not touch.So I ran out.I came back the next day with medicine to see if I could trade or perhaps give the medicine to help his sick wife.No options came up. So I left.I came back the next day and still nothing.I thought to myself ""Maybe if I sneak around I can get away with stealing their things""I was caught. They yelled in fear and ran around the house to keep away from me.I attacked themThey begged for mercy and begged me to stop.I killed her husband with a shovel.The sickly wife was in the fetal position on the third floor.I took everything. And left the wife to fend for herself.I came back to my shelter.And stared at my computer screenI went to my bathroom and looked into the mirror asking myself ""Did I really do that?"" ""Was it needed?""I tried to tell myself that what I did was for the greater good of my shelter and the people living in itBut I attacked a defenseless old couple, took their things, killed the husband who was trying to protect his sick wife, and left the wife to fend for herself.Oh God. Please save this lost lamb.What have I become?"
,Recommended,282070,13337987,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,The Brave Little Roaster,"**SPOILERS**I went into an apartment complex to loot some stuff, not knowing yet what that meant. It was my first playthrough, and I thought ""stealing"" stuff was maybe like it was in Fallout or Skyrim. If someone sees me do it, they get hostile, and I kill them. Shouldn't be a big deal.I was skulking around when I was spotted by a guy who yelled at me to get out. He had a gun, so I thought he was a bad guy. I blew him away with my shotgun. I started to loot his corpse when when voices started shouting upstairs. I quickly hid and waited for the ambush, but what came around the corner weren't more armed guards. No, it was much worse. It was his parents.They were wailing about their lost son and how they couldn't survive without him. I couldn't speak to them. I wanted so badly to tell them that they could come back to our place, that I had killed him accidentally, something, anything. I walked out without taking what little they had left, in fact leaving my shotgun and rounds in their refrigerator to help them, hoping that maybe I didn't doom them entirely, but what was the point of survival for them anymore? Why would they want to survive in a world without their son who laid his life on the line for their safety?I never went back there. I was probably as affected as Marko was. He was depressed. I had to atone. I ran to the City Hospital to donate as much of our medical supplies as we could spare. I risked my life to free prisoners held by armed thugs. Night after night, in my attempt to atone, I tried to do as much good as I possibly could manage, if only to mitigate the incredible horror I had performed. We all survived, and I never went back to their apartment. I couldn't face them again. I don't know if they made it or not.Man, I'm a terrible person."
,Recommended,282070,13289394,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,RyskyBryzness,"In the beginning there were 3. Pavle, the ex-footballer. Katia, the journalist. And Bruno, the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥professional chef. They came together during the siege purely by chance, and used their collective skills to improve their survival chances. Over the next 2 weeks they struggled to stay fed. Always low on supplies, and usually having one or more go hungry each day. Then Marko arrived, seeking shelter. The survivors knew they would struggle to support a 4th person, but welcomed him anyways. Marko then proved his worth after bringing home more food and medicine in one night than Pavle had managed in a week. Then he managed to bring home enough supplies to build some more furniture, and a radio. He helped the group not only survive, but flourish. He even at one point rescued a girl under the assault of a drunken soldier, earning him the status of ""hero"" amongst the people of Pogoren. Then one night he went scavenging in a dangerous area, known to be inhabited by brutal bandits. He had done this many times before, and felt safe enough to travel indoors. While searching through a cabinet, he was spotted. While he managed to kill 2 of the bandits, the remaineder proved to be too much for him. The group was devastated by his death. They never really recovered. A little over 2 weeks later, the siege had been lifted. The group had survived, and all went back to try to pick up where they left off before the war.Except for one. Whose body silently lies in a shallow, unmarked grave.RIP Marko. You will be missed.dis game 11/10 i cri evry tiem"
76561198003626496,Recommended,282070,28533089,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,kmkirkwo,This game is brutal. War is hell.I stole medical supplies from the last hospital in the city so that I could survive.I stole all the food from a neighbors house so that I could eat.I let one of my people die so that I wouldn't have to feed them.I burned books for warmth.I turned away children in need.I killed an elderly couple for no good reason. Than committed suicide because I murdered the elderly couple.10/10 I would suffer again.
,Recommended,282070,13004336,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Navarre,"There's a lot of reviews out there already, so I'll just say it's the only game about war everybody SHOULD play, at least once. This is what war is about, not pretty headshots and great ideas and running around like a tool shooting at everything that moves while feeling invincible. War is about actual real people dying, whether they're soldiers or not, and this game makes a good job of portraying it.It could be longer, it could be deeper, but as it is it's a good game and well worth the price, if only to show that gamers are ready for the medium to grow a little more mature. It's sorely needed."
76561198005171949,Recommended,282070,12991352,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,aegon.prime,"Down to my last survivor (who was depressed, starving and severely ill), I had no choice but to raid people. I was caught,  so I had to kill two people. I got everything I needed and more. Went back to my shelter, but he couldn't handle killing anyone. He was racked with guilt, and was broken and alone. He couldn't even eat the things he stole.Boris hung himself that night.The most harrowing, emotional, and nerve wracking game I've ever played. It's brutal, it's beautiful.Amazing game. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13272141,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Retro_Paladin,"This game is so heart-wrenchingly surreal that it gets my physical heart to beat at key moments. Here's a little taste:Day 17. I'm desperately low on food and the survivors are starving. I decide to raid a nearby house in the hopes of stockpiling food. Uponarriving, I find the jouse inhabited by two brothers and their elder parents. I sneak in through the back unnoticed. One of the brothers is about to walk through the door so I ascend to the second. Through the keyhole, I see an old woman come down from the attic and approach the door. I ready my knife and pray that she doesn't come any closer to the door. I don't want to kill her. She stops, idles for a moment in self pity, and then turns back around and enters a different room. I enter and scavenge for supplies when the same brother enters, causing me to hide. He finds the place suspicious and approaches my hiding place. I panic and lunge at him from hiding. He dies noisily, and his brother hears. He runs to apprehend me, but he is unarmed. I dispatch him quickly. The old mother hears and comes down. She sees one of her dead sons and weeps above him. I pause before her as I realize what I've done to them. She cries as she says their names. In one final act of pity, I kill her where she kneels. I loot the rest of the house and escape to my shelter, food in tow. The father, out of earshot to it all and asleep, I've left to awaken to the massacre.This game touches me so deeply that these actions of mine caused me to ask myself, ""what if this was a choice that I couldn't just hit the resatrt button to?"" Then I realized: that question is the game."
76561198092068284,Recommended,282070,26328615,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,RasuL | رسول,"Being someone who lived through war (Syria & Palestine)I can tell you this game is amazing and serves its purpose.It's really emotional and can get depressing at timesIt forces you to make moral, ethical, vital decisions (which is not easy at all)I think the beauty of it is that it spreads awareness in a different unusual wayCause I do believe that most games these days are glorifying war more and more every dayDon't get it twisted, I play tons of shooters myself (First & Third person) but nevertheless.although it brings me back some bad memories, I love it.As far as gameplay is considered, it's pretty simple and neat, nothing too complicatedyou'll get the hang of it after playing for five minutes.And yes, there is some parts here and there which are not that realistic when it comes to warAfter all, it's a game,But still, I have to give credit to the games team,I can really see that they have put a lot of work and heart and time in this.the only thing I can say that I thought was missing from the game..Is voice acting.I think it would have made the experience even more beautiful and authentic than it is.Conclusion: If you want a well-made war simulator from an innocent civilian perspectiveGET THIS GAME !plus it's on sale nowNote: I wanted to play a bit more before actually reviewing the game but I just genuinely loved it."
76561198138004371,Recommended,282070,29512145,Posted: 26 January,all,help-obi-one,"Pavle was a man.Pavle was a father.Pavle was a killer.Pavle was a hero.On day 5, Pavle robbed an elderly couple. They just stood there and watched as he searched through their house, looking for supplies to feed his friends.On day 8, Children came to our house begging us to take their mother to the hospital. Pavle volunteered, saving her life.On day 13, Pavle killed two hobos with his bare hands. He stole their box, they came after him with knives. He had no choice.Pavle was never the same. He returned with supplies. His friends would live. But he couldn't live with himself. He killed two people the other night. And for what? Carrots and bandages?He sat there, depressed.A former football star.Breaking down.Crying.He couldn't live with himself.He hated what he had done.""No more blood on my hands""He swore as his friend Katia went over to console him.He took a well-earned drink of moonshine and went to bed.Pavle. A man. A human. Acting the way a human should act when they kill another human.Pavle went out a few nights later, robbing various places. He robbed thugs, he robbed soldiers, he robbed defenseless civilians. He did whatever he could to keep his friends Katia, Anton, and Bruno alive.But he wouldn't kill. Ever again.Day 17: Pavle couldn't sleep.Day 18: No one could sleep. Pavle's sobbing was too loud, too painful to hear.This went on for several days.Day 37: Armed men came to our base. Our neighbors robbed them. They offered a reward if we helped them find the culprits.We would never rat out our neighbors.They were nice to us.They gave us food when we had none.We told them we knew nothing.""We're in this hell together"" Pavle said to himself, regaining hope.Two days later, we were attacked by viscious thugs. This wasn't a raid, they wanted to kill us.We all survived.Anton was wounded.Anton was dying.He needed bandages.Day 39: Pavle went out to steal bandages so Anton could live.Day 40: It hit Everyone hard. Katia was hit the hardest. She wanted revenge. Anton told her it would do nothing. She wasn't a killer. She had seen what taking another life did to Pavle, it broke him. But Anton's wounds were getting worse, she needed to go back.Day 41: Katia returned. Anton recovered. Bruno was just standing by, watching everything unfold. Unable to change it.Day 45: The war was over. Supply crates were sent, medics rushed in, people were rescued.Katia.Bruno.Anton.A mother and her children.It was the actions of one brave man that they all lived.No one had risked more than Pavle.No one had been through more than Pavle.No one sacrificed as much as Pavle.Pavle the man.Pavle the father.Pavle the murderer.Pavle the Hero.10/10R.I.P. Pavle."
,Recommended,282070,32602162,Posted: 20 June,all,TkA,"This War Of Mine is a very emotional game.Day 21: We were hungry, we had no food, and we needed to get food that night or someone was going to die really soon.  One of us went to a place but the people there wanted us to leave.  We needed food so couldn't leave.  They came looking for our intruder, found them, and shot at them.  Our guy decided to kill them so killed 2 of them, and the girl upstairs was screaming and crying, so she was killed too.  After the dirty deed, the whole shelter was searched, but not a single piece of food was accessable to us!Day 22: Our intruder returned empty handed and fell into a deep depression that there was no recovery from.Day 23: One of us died of starvation last night.Day 26: Despite all the talking, depression drove  another to take their life.Day 28: the last of our group died trying to survive an attempt to steal food without any sleep for 48 hours.I quit the game, and cried myself to sleep, ""How could i have been so heartless?"" i asked.  I learned a very deep lesson that night: It's never right to kill, even if you are in a war.9/10"
76561198040906608,Recommended,282070,13269392,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SinisterReaper,Emotional rollercoasterHelped people in need. (Felt good)Then kill priest and robbed a church.(Felt bad)Then robbed old couple.(Felt Worst)Then I found a gun.(Now i feel good doing bad things)
,Recommended,282070,16814914,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,FulRoro,"I will always remember the first kill I did in the game.It was during my first hours of play, I went inside the shelled school (full of homeless) searching for some supplies. I never met a stranger in the game, so I was really affraid of meeting one.So I was looting discreetly, trying to avoid every persons, thinking they were a danger, especially since I hearded about all these muggers and soldiers. But I made a mistake, and went in a room without checking it before, and just found myself standing up, a man in front of me.This person was showing his back, hearded me, and started turning around. I panicked, jumped on him, and hit him with my showel. He falled back but didn't died, so I hit him again, killing it this time.Finally meeting and killing a person after all this hours of play, all this hours of tension and pressure, just paralyzed me. I didn't move for some seconds, just watching the corpse, my showel full of blood in the hand, until some other persons breaked into the room.I saw them like another danger and was about to react, when they started screaming things like ""You killed him !!"" - ""Oh my god why did you do that ?!"" - ""Please don't kill us !!!"" .It was a mess in my brain, it kind of disfonctionned for a seconde. In this kind a situation, in a video game, it's the regular and right thing to do isn't it ? (I Am Alive players know what I'm talking about).After this sec, I just felt extremely bad, like if I did a terrible mystake in real life, the kind of you can barely repair.I immediately ran away and left the building, letting behind me people crying on their friend's body. Not because I was afraid of them - they seems more scared than me and non-agressive - but because I just could not faced them and the consequences of my act.So yeah, all of this happens in 10 sec, but it was a great moment. This game his great, because it combines good gameplay with deep emotions, in an unusual way.10/10"
76561198010923357,Recommended,282070,23744550,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Vinticore,"Made one of my survivors learn how to play the guitar, brought lots of joy to the whole compound, but one night he didn't come home from scavanging...Now his guitar just sits there ;_;"
,Recommended,282070,18435643,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ownosourus,"For some reason, it has taken me a bit of time to try out This War of Mine. After finally jumping in, I have to say — delaying this is was a huge mistake. Great atmosphere, excellent attention to detail, and a ton of variety to gameplay elements make it easily one of the best games I've played this year. While it lacks the lustre and grandeur of AAA titles, This War of Mine still spares nothing in its devious crafting of a dangerous, war-torn world and a phenomenal survival experience not like anything I’ve played.This War of Mine opens with the ruined skyline of an unnamed city, and a single button that reads not “Play”, but “Survive”. As soon as you press it, the scene pans right to a trio of ragged-looking survivors, who’ll be your protagonists. From the onset you’re given a trial-by-fire tutorial that begins the game with one member of your randomized crew injured, and another sick. Offering the supplies you’ll need to tend to these is all the help the game offers, leaving it to your abilities to learn how to use them and which ones you need to stock up on.This War of Mine uses a simple day/night cycle to break up gameplay modes. During the day, everything happens at the home base. Crafting supplies, furniture, and other necessities dominates this time. Resting and patching up wounded or sick group members happens here, as well. At night, you’re offered a chance to send one of your group on a scavenging run into the city. Each party member can opt to sleep, guard the base, or head out to search for much-needed supplies and materials. Danger fills the embattled landscape, but the rewards can often outweigh the risk.Surviving in This War of Mine is no simple task. With sickness and injury as the most obvious threats, hunger, tiredness, and other factors have a lot to do with progress. One of my early scavenging runs left the returning Pavle wracked with guilt, represented by a ‘Sad’ status condition that lowered his productivity after walking into an elderly couple’s home and leaving with a full load of food. This moral angle keeps things interesting; you’ll also encounter other survivors wanting trade, asking for help, or outright hostile and trying to take your possessions.I’m being entirely honest - This War of Mine is one of the best all-around games I’ve played all year. A crisp, consistent atmosphere, intuitive gameplay, and surprising depth create a fantastic experience. While the pretty steep difficulty may cause some to shy away, I enjoyed myself even as my group was falling apart — it all began when Marko was killed on a scavenging run. Filled with difficult moral and survivalist choices, it keeps you on your toes and thinking the entire time. While the 18,99€ price tag on Steam may be higher than many indie titles, it’s easy for me to say it’s entirely worth it. If you’re on the fence, wait for a sale — but jump on it as soon as one pops up."
,Recommended,282070,13004762,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zapdude,"Marko had spent last night scoping the place out. He clutched his pistol tightly with a pair of sweaty plams. This was it. Slowly, he edged towards the door and out of the rain, opening it with a gentle sigh from the hinges. It was dingy inside; the gloom was heavy. Taking slow steps forwards he made his way to the next door.Knelling down and looking through the grimy keyhole, he saw no one.Good, he thought to himself. Nudging the door open with his pistol, the hooded survivor krept down the hall.Footsteps!Quickly hiding in the gloom of an alcove, he held his breath tightly as a young woman walked past.Some part of him was screaming in anguish over the moral dilema.It's not right, the voice spoke to him. His conscience needed to be suffed, and he ignored it as the door closed. The woman was inside the kitchen. He just needed to wait, and-""Emil!"" she screamed suddenly. Marko bit his lip as she locked eyes with him, only to run upstairs. Grasping the weapon as his breathing became hard, the young man ran through the open kitchen door, slid down the ladder, and burst into the basement. Turning and looking for a place to hide, he wanted to cry. There was nowhere.""Not here,"" came a strong masculine voice from above. Markos slowly turned to face the door, his eyes shaking in their sockets. Some bloke in a blue shirt ran into the room, holding a knife high. ""Bandit!"" Marko was up against the wall. He couldn't hold the pistol properly because his hands were shaking so hard.Two shots burst through the gloom. One hit the man square in the chest, the other in his knee. Although wounded he charged, stabbing Marko twice as they grappled for freedom. Life and death. Markos raised his pistol to fire and......He missed.He died before he could realize the folly, falling limp with a soft plod as the knife sunk into his neck. Marko had been a hero, always willing to brave danger to feed his fellow survivors, always volunteering to scavange, and never letting anyone go hungry. He'dbeena hero.Pavle realized his best friend was dead the moment he didn't come back. He was distraught. Waiting by the door all day, sitting on the floor and listening for hours. The young sports star had only eaten once, and his face was grim.""I'm sure he's just la-"" began Bruce.Pavle sucked his breath in sharply, cutting Bruce off. ""No,"" he said slowly. ""Marko is never late. Ever since this started he was always back on time."" Taking a knife from the floor besides him, Pavle looked Bruce in the eye. They knew it had to be done.It was raining again. The journey to the house had been uneventful, and Pavle knew roughly what was up, thanks to Marko's work two nights before. Slowly but surely he crept into the dark building, illuminated only by the blinking lights and fire. Creeping into the kitchen the football player could see food. He was glad. Sliding down the ladder and turning around, however, his mood plumeted.There lay Marko; his corpse pale in the darkness. Blood was all across the floor and up the back wall, with the body slumped slightly against it. His face was frozen in time, eyes wide in fear. Pavle was... calm. He knew what he need to do now.Going back up the ladder and shunting the kitchen door open, with no regard for stealth, he charged up the stairs. Up and up he went, his breathing becoming savage as he reached the very top floor. Pavle heard groaning and the moving of objects, but he didn't care, bursting through the door he stared a bandaged and bloody man in the eyes.""No... you can't!"" cried a female voice behind him. Running forwards with his knife in hand, Pavle screamed as tears streamed down his angry face. The blade sunk deep into the wounded man, killing him instantly. Turning to face the woman, and watching her run out of the room, Pavle ran after her.She was too slow, and his blade was very sharp. Her body fell limp about as fast as he used to score a goal. Checking both their bodies with no respect, the sports star cursed. They had nothing on them.When he got back to the safehouse, Pavle was covered in blood. Alica asked him what happened, but Bruce merely handed him a drink. Placing the knife off to one side, Pavle just sat down, and wept. They had killed his best friend... and he had killed them.-------EDIT: Complaints and whatnot, decided to do a little proper review down here.This War of Mine is powerful because of how it handles itself. There's an overtone of helplessness and regret, characters lamenting over their uselessness. Often when someone dies, they'll hope the next one isn't them.Marko is dead.Those three words gave off more emotion than every other war game I've played. I didn't need to twoniner my foxtrot, I wasn't ""getting my♥♥♥♥♥quot; down to 'bravo point', there wasn't some black hawk down, and my 'LZ' wasn't 'too hot'. I didn't even have to press [F] to pay respects.Marko is dead. I just saw these three words as my screen faded to black. Then I was back at camp, and the others knew something was up.I can't really express how profound that was. Perhaps because of how subtle the game was, the moment it outright told me someone was dead, then moved on... maybe that's why it was so powerful.This War of Mineallows you to build characters up. It's literally an open book and it'll allow you to draw as many conclusions as you want. Because of that, I feel, it was made much more personal. Let me explain: I'm a writer, see? I write characters, get attatched to them, and sometimes watch them die. I'm constantly close to my own creations.I feel like this game lets everyone else do that, too. If you want to make your own characters with it, that's totally fine, and it will let you. If not? That's still fine, because the game tells you enough on its own to invest you regardless.I'm kind of rambling here, so I'll end this edit thus: This was not the game I wanted, this was the game I needed.Also the DLC is garbage sadly. Hopefully their new game is better."
,Recommended,282070,13140850,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Rabscuttle,"After 24 hours of total game time (and many attempts), I finally survived This War Of Mine﻿. I was *elated*. The narrative was totally gripping, and I got a little teary-eyed reading the epilogue stories about my survivors. I figured once I finished the game I would be done, but I still want to play again. Easily one of my favorite games of 2014.Update, 4/23/15: This game remains one of my favorites, and respect to 11 bit studios for their DLC pack, the proceeds from which go to the War Child charity to help children in war-torn countries. I picked that up, and you should, too!Replayability: It's been asked if the game has any replayability. I didn't expect it to, but for me at least, it does. I find myself drawn back to this one, even after having survived the war twice.PS - You CAN bring someone back from terminally ill! It's difficult, but I have done it. :)"
,Recommended,282070,13624895,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,OddLlama,"A gritty, unforgiving adventure into the war-stricken land of...Russia?You survived the radioactive wasteland of Fallout. You crafted a rough-shod bunker out of dirt and leaves in 7-days to die. You managed to log off of Rust for 5 minutes without losing everything you worked so hard for, for 9 straight hours. None of that has prepared you to survive just 5 days inThis War Of Mine.You start the game with just a small group of survivors in the war-torn country of possibly Russia. I'm only going by what the names of the characters resemble. I didn't actually read anything. Your starting point is a bombed-out ""home"" (In quotes because it's a damned big home) in which you have multiple rooms to clear for the purpose of scavaging and having space to build things such as rain-water filters, beds and cook stoves. Building these items requires parts such as wood, scrap and gears(?). Some of which you will find in your shelter on day one, the rest you have to scavange from other locations.MechanicsThe mechnanics of the game is simply point-and-click. The game is divided into two parts; Day and night. The daytime is when you build up your shelter (protect it with patched up holes, upgrade your cook-stove or work bench, build furniture to make people happier), cook food, apply medicine or various other things to keep your group happy/healthy. Nighttime is dedicated mostly to scavaging, but also allows to to allocate who gets rest, and who guards your shelter. The day is divied into ten-minute increments and you are allowed 12 hours per day/night. Everything happens in ""real-time"" but that is a bit of a misnomer as it takes ten minutes to take 5 steps or to climb a ladder. Double-clicking allows you to run to your destination, which speeds you up my a factor of two, and I have yet to see any downside to doing this (i.e. fatigue). Clicking on piles of rubbles, doors, bars, etc. allows you to perform a contextual based action such as sift through rubble, open/close doors, pick locks or pry open doors with a crowbar, saw through metal bars, etc.GameplayYour goal, from what I have seen so far, is to simply survive. Something we have all done in countless games before. Only his time, it is brutal, gritty, real, and unforgiving. You are constantly battling hunger, exhaustion, sickness, depression, wounds and more. Balancing the act of taking care of your group, as well as sending people out to scavange (so that you CAN take care of your group) becomes an excercise of patience, frustration, and futility. You will lose people, you will get frustrated, you will die, and you will hate the game as you click ""try again"".ControlsAgain, just point and click. It's simple enough without taking anything away from the game.GraphicsGritty, pencil-drawn-esque style artwork really works here.The game is a bit of a 2-D sidescroller, s don't expect a whole lot.SoundThis is one area where I was a bit let down. The sound design leaves a lot to be desired, when using the radio. The sound is alright until then.What sets it apart?So what is it that makes this game unique? It's the fact that the game actually makes you FEEL the consequences of your actions. Remember that old couple who's home you raided and who's food you stole? Your group will. And they will talk about how aweful it was. Return to thier home? Now they are dead because YOU took thier food and medicine. You will not feel good about it. Niether will your group, as actions like this will affect them in a negative way. It's up to you to decide how you survive, and what kind of person you will be. Just remember: you will not survive by being the nice guy.OverallAreaScoreGraphics7/10Sound7/10Gameplay8/10Fun9/10Replay Value10/10"
76561197968301549,Recommended,282070,12963571,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Cobalt2Blue,Game: 9/10Human race: 0/10
76561198093049482,Recommended,282070,13175931,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ヒューマンゴス,"I almost cried after I had my character kill an elderly couple with a hatchet for a bottle of pills and some scraps of meat.Its a different perspective than every other war game, rather than being a soldier like in CoD, or being that one guy that murders everyone laughing maniacally like in Fallout, you actually feel the feels of a person struggling to survive in a sieged city. If you have a phobia of killing innocent people, its not the game for you. Like I said before, I almost cried at least 5 times in the course of one playthrough.I r8 8/8 m8, gr8 game."
,Recommended,282070,28335530,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Duke of Gustavus,"I am not sure that I can easily sum up this game.What I will say is that I liked it,I encouraged a friend of mine to play.He was hppy at first, he was making th right first steps...Then things started to go bad, his survivors got sick, hurt, and hungry.I watched him stress out... we both watched his few favorites slowly waste away, unable to complete the basic tasks of survival.I told him that he didn't have to play this game, that he could turn it off.He never did.It was so powerful, so personal.He did his very best made every correct decision to make it thru to get somebody to the finish line.They all died, nobody made it thru.I don't think he ever regretted his play thru, he got angry at the game, angry at the war...an anger that didn't save his people.♥♥♥♥ the War!Buy this Game!"
76561198022311003,Recommended,282070,22904981,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ZappBrannigan,"If I had to sum up This War of Mine in one word, it would be ""powerful"". It is a touching reflection on the suffering caused by war, but through the eyes of civilians rather than soldiers. I actually showed it to a professor of mine who survived the Yugoslav Wars, including spending over three years inside besieged Sarajevo. He was caught there when the Siege started in April 1992 as he tried to help a friend flee the city and ended up being stuck there until 1996, and he has a number of... troubling... stories to tell about the Siege. He actually bought and played This War of Mine for a while and it made him so emotional that he started crying (and he is a very tough, ""old school"" sort of fellow). I think that pretty much sums up what this game is like, in my opinion.As you have likely guessed, this game is not really ""fun"" by any standard, but you should play it anyway, I think."
76561198087840047,Recommended,282070,13698115,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mad_as_a_Hatter,I checked the rat traps for food after 3 days of not eating and not finding anything canned when I raided my neighbors house and the kid's school. I found nothing in the traps and had to go out and shoot a stranger over a handful of vegetables.Then I went home and played This War of Mine. It really helped take my mind off of it. 10/10.
,Recommended,282070,23227752,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Made Man,One of the absolute best survival experiences you will ever have... and NO ZOMBIES!
,Recommended,282070,16448557,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Emotionally crushing & successfully self-reflecting // Recommended for those seeking a personal experience+ Sound effects are nearly flawless in quality and implementation; ambient noises add to a paplable atmosphere+ Pencil effect is mesmerizing, and lends the game a style of its own+ Line of sight is extremely well-represented, and adds to the suspense of not knowing what's in the next room until you're close enough to be at risk+ Scavenging creates at atmosphere pregnant with tension+ The soundtrack pulls the player into the game and engulfs them in emotions appropriate to the theme+ The player-controlled characters are presented and developed so well through one's actions, that one will find a deep emotional investment forming; the player will really care about what happens to these people+ Different surivors have various skill sets, making each one somehow valuable to the others+ Scavenging locations remain static, but their contents and risks are all randomly generated+ Graphics are crisp and meticulously detailed; animations, too, are seamlessly rendered with little clipping issues+ Crafting is slightly basic, but the costs and desperation for materials makes prioretization the crucial factor; crafting is less about hoarding items and advancing, and more about making difficult selections+ Frankly put, the game makes the player choose between devastatingly hard choices; this is further expanded, in that the characters are designed to react emotionally to the consequences of such decisions+ Myriad factors exist to affect one's characters, including sickness, depression, hunger, and temperature; such needs must all be balanced via crafting, trading, and scavenging for materials+ Custom play options increase replay value+ Taking life in the game is intimate and often emotionally involving; this is exacerbated by the reactions of both the victims and the player characters, who often slide into debilitating depression as a result+ Random events can affect the safehouse if one isn't prepared, such as raiding and murders- Bartering feels slightly unbalanced; the player always leaves a trade feeling screwed over, and many common items seem inordinately expensiveLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198058865710,Recommended,282070,28727798,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rocket Daddy,"First playthrough. My starting characters are a dude and his daughter.First two nights pass in peace.Third night, daughter gets attacked by raiders while daddy looks for supplies.wtf.gifShe begs him not to leave again. Raiders stole our food.... So daddy leaves again.Next eight nights pass relatively peaceful. An old dude moves in, starts guarding the place while daddy scavenges for food and stuff.seemsgoodDay 13, we adopt a sick lawyer and start treating her.Night 14, daddy gets shot while looting a brothel. old dude is severely wounded while protecting shelter.oh♥♥♥♥Day 15, daughter is paralyzed with depression. Won't eat.Night 17, no one can leave to scavenge. Food is out. Winter is coming.O.ONight 18, lawyer lady dies from sickness.Day 20, deserter from the army begs to hide in shelter. Old dude in no position to say no. Daughter still not eating. She's now breaking things and pretending to kill imaginary people. Has an imaginary friend who tells her to do things.o_oNight 20, deserter tries to collect bandages and food. Old dude dies that night.ripDay 21, winter is here.Night 24, run out of fuel. Deserter freezes to death.Day 25, daughter starves to death.It's sorta like the Sims, but more interesting. And depressing.10/10 would cry again."
76561198087019876,Recommended,282070,12993727,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HostileEnvironment,"This is the kind of game that will make you wonder about what kind of person you are. Is it worth killing helpless innocents for a couple days' worth of food? Will you help the weak out of kindness? Or will you rob everyone blind in the sheer desire to survive? Sure, you can say ""it's just a game"", but it's impossible to avoid the feeling that your actions here might well mirror your true inclinations. So what's more important, survival or your humanity? Or can you preserve both? There are moments of both incredible kindness and cruelty to be found within, and they stir something in the human soul that I've rarely seen in games. From running a gauntlet of sniper fire to help a wounded father reunite with his infant son to murdering an elderly couple for their meager goods, it's impossible to play this game without thinking, ""Could that be me? Would I do that? Could I rise that high, sink that low?"" And that is the brilliance, the poetry, of this game."
76561197992213156,Recommended,282070,32000233,Posted: 27 May,all,Plurry,"Like many others probably did, I picked this game up for cheap during a sale and then forgot about it for a long time until I happened upon it again while looking for a new game to play. One thing I can say right now is that if you're interested in this game or just need something new to play for a little while, play this. Right now.The game itself is based on a pretty simple concept(survive and thrive) split into two rotating phases - day and night. During the day you make food, build new things, have your survivors interact with each other, and deal with ailments or wounds. Nighttime is where you decide wether you want to send out one of your survivors to scavenge, guard the shelter, or sleep. Typically scavenging is the most fruitful option, as it's your main source of many of the important resources needed to create your nescessities. It's also the most gameplay-rich part of the game as you have both a time-limit and an inventory limit to consider. You will sometimes, however, have to adapt to the situation you're in and either stay put, or take a risk and scavenge in a potentially dangerous location.For me this is the greatest strength of the game. It's quite difficult, and it's VERY punishing if you make a mistake, while also being greatly rewarding if you do something right. The first few playthroughs or attempts, you're quite likely to end up in at least a couple of bad situations, to which the solution might require some pretty big risks or sacrifices. As you play more though, you learn to avoid putting yourself in unnescessary danger as well as preparing for critical in-game events such as winter. The game does rely quite a lot on early-game decisions which can be excessively punishing when you first start out(ex. I barely survived my first playthrough without knowing how to create upgrade items), but again this is something you'll learn quite fast.The game does lack a bit of replay value though. Every time you either succeed or fail with a new group of survivors, you'll unlock a couple of new ones, which does add a bit of variation. Locations do also have a chance of changing it up a bit in terms of inhabitants and loot, but after your first 3 or 4 runs you'll have mostly seen it all. Once you know how to deal with the different situations as well as how to accomplish your goals, there's very little challenge left in the game unless you go out of your way to assault a military establishment with nothing but a shovel. I squeezed out almost 50 hours of this game and loved every moment of it, but there are easily a lot of things that could've been done to add more content.+Incredible atmosphereAmazing soundtrackChallengingGood writing and variation in characters-Lacks replayabilityLittle variation in in-game events"
,Recommended,282070,13112994,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Duncan,"I don't normally write reviews but this is my game of the year. I think it is a masterpiece. So many of us are sick of the gung ho blood and glory of unrealistic and dishonest war games. Big publishers won't try anything new because they just want to milk their mainstream cash cows and lowest common denominator violence and explosions sell.Want to experience the cruel and callous reality of war? Want to experience war as it would really be if you were involved in one? This game is not fun, it is depressing, brutal and tragic. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,24068879,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,KMZ ✞ 809,"- So I enter a house to scavenge- Get spotted by a woman- She tries to run off to alert someone upstairs- I take her down with an axe- A man comes downstairs and sees the body...doesn't even look at me...he just starts crying- He ignores me as I loot his goods- As Im looting, I find a note.Apparently the man's wife died a while ago. He met this woman afterwards when she was injured and helped her recover. They became close, and the heartbreak of losing his wife was slowly being healed by this new woman.And I just killed her...**exits the game and tries not to cry**"
76561198014486362,Recommended,282070,13277740,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mikethescared,"Bruno,I miss you already. You are a good cook, but cant absorb shotgun shells. You tried.Mike"
76561197968462558,Recommended,282070,32049088,Posted: 29 May,all,makeitsnow,I bought this game expecting a thought-provoking experience and maybe a couple dozen hours of gameplay. I got the first part but ended up playing almost 350 hours.
,Recommended,282070,17397891,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Nyanpasu,depression simulator
76561198116244098,Recommended,282070,12967317,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,VampireLoli,"This Videogame is just what we needed. In a time where endless senseless military shooter after senseless military shooter come out with a fake romantic illusion towards war and heroism we finally get a game that shows the grimm reality that civilians have to face when at all out war. This War of MIne is simpy an unmathchable experience, Scavenging, limited resources and inner moral choices are just part of the things that you will be experiencing in this game. Trully a step forward for the medium."
76561198045085597,Recommended,282070,12944800,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Bravo,"Where to begin really, I was impressed enough by the trailer and the interesting idea to buy the game without looking much into it, so really I didn't know what to expect other than the fact it would have survival elements and was based around a group of civilians in a war zone.My first impression would have to have been the amazing artwork - the level of detail that has gone into every single part of the game's visuals is stunning, with many rooms having stories of their own to tell (for example, at one point you might walk into a shelled out room with some children's drawings on the wall). This factored heavily into my enjoyment of the game itself, as, along with excellent audios it drew me further into the game and made me connect far more with the characters.This connection with the characters is what really made this game shine. From intially not knowing the various people you control very well, you get fed tidbits about their past, and some of their personalities are apparent from how they react to things you might make one of the characters, or indeed, themselves, do. The immersion was so great that when two characters died (actually my third and fourth to die, my first two had died pretty early on and thus I hadn't grown attached to them yet), which prompted a third to leave and never come back, I actually cheered as I wouldn't have to watch him suffer the slow deaths that his friend had. Of course, this enthusiasm was short lived as it suddenly dawned on me, he had left me with only one character, who was also dying of her wounds. The first playthrough ended therefore after five hours of me bumbling about blindly, failing miserably, and being utterly captivated as events unfolded; fighting desperately against the odds to save the lives of my characters.Another plus was the fact that not every single NPC is a raving lunatic planning to murder and/or eat you as is so commonly done in other games set in survival based settings. There are some people with... issues, sure; there are a refreshing number of people who don't just shoot you or stab you in the back.Altogether, I found the game to be one of the best of its kind that I have ever played; I even enjoyed the more mundane moments such as chosing where to place my new furniture (Yeah, trading all my medical supplies to buy materials to make a few armchairs didn't back fire on me at all, honest!). The scavenging is intuitive - the NPCs don't mind too much if you just pick up a few bits of rubble which is strewn about the place, but start picking up stuff they've put in their cuboards? They might object just a little to that one.As for the combat... Well, I sucked at it so can't really go into much detail. Turns out trying to punch someone in the face when they have a shotgun and a buddy armed with an AK standing next to them is a bad idea. I did manage to escape from several combat situations, though in one case 'escaping' meant a slow, lingering death as the wound gradually worsened over the course of several days as I had no bandages to treat him with. So yeah, combat exists, but with the risks of infections and so on, it can be risky to attempt.Altogether - I found the game excellent in virtually every way and far surpassing what I had even begun to expect. I look forward to spending the next few weeks playing it, as it has massively increased replayability by having randomness added not only to the daily events which can occur, but also to the various key events, even including the length of the wars (Sadly enough, I failed miserably despite having an apparently relatively short war to survive through, so I dread to think how badly I will fail at long ones)."
76561198003286305,Recommended,282070,16286079,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Beef Manslab,"It's like killing a puppy.Using a screwdriver.In front of a little girl.With cancer.Frequently Asked Questions:Q: Is that what this game is really like?A: No, it’s worse.Q: What kind of screwdriver?A:http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/media/850304/111945.jpgQ: What the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with you?A: Glad you asked. See above.Q: Does this mean you recommend killing a puppy with a screwdriver in front of a little girl with cancer?A:  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,282070,13211576,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,alfa_scorpion,"I'm not that hardcore of a gamer, but This War of Mine (TWoM) managed to make me glued to my seat in front of my laptop for hours. Everytime I played this I discover something new (how to clean out Military Outpost, how to safely pass Sniper Junction, how to kill the bandits in St. Mary's Church, etc.). And on top of that, this is the only game that managed to give me something to think about: war is hell and I should be grateful for all of my comforts in life. After playing this game I even felt guilty having leftover food on my plate. Consider that as message delivered.Bottomline, this game is BRILLIANT and I would recommend it to everyone I know. Really really worth the money. 5 stars!P.S. to the developers: I hope more content is added to this game in the future. Maybe more safehouses? More places to scavenge? New characters with new strengths and weakneses? New items? Marathon mode?"
,Recommended,282070,13036283,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,More_Badass,"A popular franchise once stated ""War. War never changes"". Maybe so, but for the people caught in the midst of the conflict, everything changes. This War of Mine explores the horrors of war from a perspective not explored in the medium till now and delivers one of the most tense, gripping, and bleak experiences I've played this year.Games like Call of Duty and the like tend to use war for the spectacle, creating big action set pieces from the chaos. You'll never see the war ravaging the country where This War of Mine is set, but its effects are ever present. A gutted war-torn city, all pencil-sketched shadows and ruined structures, reeking of desperation and hopelessness, as explosions thunder and flash ceaselessly outside.This War of Mine is not fun. It's grueling. Unrelenting. Oppressive. You start each playthrough with three survivors. Sometimes one or more might already be sick or wounded. Sometimes it might be winter at the start, meaning fuel and heat will be utmost priorities. The game is divided into two phases: Day, where you're confined to your base because of snipers outside, and Night, where you can venture out and scavenge for supplies, The daytime hours are when you can maintain your survivors and home, crafting new tools and workshops, building defenses against looters, or simply keeping your group alive by making sure they rest, recover, eat. You're always on the back foot, always just barely eking out a miserable day-by-day existence; even when your group finally is healthy and has a good amount of food stored, there's always the sense that it can't last long.Once night falls, you're free to travel to other locations with one survivor, while instructing the others to rest or guard against raiders. These places range from homes and apartment buildings to schools and hospitals, and each scavenging run is a slow intense affair. Similar to 2012's Mark of the Ninja, environments are cloaked in shadows, only areas in your line of sight being visible. New unexplored areas are foreboding, never knowing who resides within or if they're friendly or not.Even when you're equipped with a knife or gun, combat and violence in general feels like a last resort. Not simply because guns and ammo are a rarity or because you're untrained, but because you don't want to kill people or steal from them. A lot of games have moral choices or meters telling you if you're good or bad, but honestly, they've always felt artificial to me. In This War of Mine, there are only murky grey choices. Your actions matter, not just at that moment when you're desperate enough to kill and steal from people who are just trying to survive, people trying to keep their group alive just like you are, but also in the long term, as doing morally questionable things weighs on your characters. Building a radio or finding books and cigarettes can only distract and keep them occupied for so long. Survivors grow depressed, listless, broken, perhaps even suicidal.If anything, that's War of Mine's greatest achievement: the way it makes you feel bad for crossing that moral line or makes intruding onto another group's home feel weird and wrong. You don't want to turn away children asking for help, or steal medicine from that elderly couple, or kill those people for their food. But your group is sick, and starving, and you desperately need fuel to stave off the winter cold, so you must.The days go by. Winter comes and goes. As the war worsens, places that were once safe havens might be overtaken by bandits. Barter, scavenge, do what you must to endure. This War of Mine is the kind of game you might only be able to play in short sessions, due to the overwhelming bleakness and depressing nature. It can be slow and tedious and monotonous, but that only works in the game's favor, establishing a grim ""We just need to last another day"" tone. This War of Mine is not a fun game, but it is one hell of an engrossing, compelling, and atmospheric experience."
76561198256413830,Recommended,282070,26307822,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,⎛⎝ronnie naikey⎠⎞,I PAID MONEY TO GET DEPRESSED.10/10 will get depressed again
76561198127038336,Recommended,282070,12968601,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rand al'Thor,"WARNING TO ALLNever drop your guard, never lose cautionI was on Day 19, I had enough food to last me another 30 days, I was well armed and armored, I had 4 members in my group, Roman, Marko, Arica and Bruno, my base was well made, I had everything I could build practically, times were good, resources plentiful, and then I went in the church.On a typical scavenging run Markos partway through stumbled upon an armed man sleeping, he quickly slashed his throat, but as he slashed another foe came down from the floor above, a barrier between Markos and any possible escape, Markos ran at the man with knife in hand only to find the foes fists were faster, he tried not once, not twice but thrice to fell the man before him, but he could not land a hit, and in a matter of moments, he was dead.The next day at the base the survivors mourned the death of their comrade, I was filled with grief for my fallen friend, Bruno had been gone the night before assisting some men with repairing their home, Roman and Arica had guarded the base all night, all three were tired, until the afternoon all they could do was rest, Roman then gathered some meat from a trap, they were hungry, but they werent supposed to eat until the next day, having naught else to do, the day was ended.Trusting Bruno and Arica to guard the base while he was away Roman entered the church where Marko had fallen, I was filled with grief and rage, vengeance would be mine! Armed with a shotgun, a knife and a bulletproof vest he ventured deeper into the depths of the church, ""I can take them"" I thought as Roman climbed the ladder which Marko's killer had descended from, upon reaching the next I witnessed a man descending the stairs to my right, Roman pulled out his knife and advanced, the foe fled, giving pursuit Roman witnessed another man pursuing him with pistol drawn, once he fired, missKnowing he dare not turn back Roman continued his pursuit of the cowardly man, through several rooms he pursued him up until the man made it outside and jumped on the roof, the man with the pistol was almost to Roman, Roman closed the door and shotgun in hand waited for his foe to catch up, the door opened, I tried to attack him but the man fired first, frantically I continued to attempt to fire a shot, but alas I could not, second later I was almost dead, I panicked and tried to run! But I couldnt move, as with Marko I had to watch Roman die knowing I could do nothing and he would be gone for good.The next day Bruno and Arica mourned yet another friends passing, actually not Arica, she didnt care, but still my grief and frustration at losing half of my group in 2 days was overwhelming, I quit out of the game, and began writing this review.The morale of this story is that no matter how good your run is going, no matter how well supplied and armed you are, it can all go to♥♥♥♥♥♥pretty easily, believe me when I tell you that with only one or two survivors, you will die in a matter of days, if not by starvation or lack of sleep, by raids, you will lose your supplies, your people will be injured or killed, and then finally, it will end.....On a side note great game! 10/10"
76561197979635569,Recommended,282070,32210815,Posted: 5 June,all,Zer0,"A friend of mine summarized ""This War of Mine"" as ""not really a game, more an emotional experience."" His assessment could not be more accurate.From a game play standpoint, ""This War of Mine"" mixes search and scavenge with build and survive. You'll want to avoid combat whenever possible, as few of the characters are suited to it. That's just one way the game illustrates exactly what life looks like for civilians trying to survive in a protracted combat zone. Everything about the game, from the washed-out gray graphics to the somber music and the sparse dialogue speaks to one thing: war is terrible. To truly understand what the game is trying to relate, consider the following: when making your first play-through, skip the guides. Don't ask for help. Just take the ride. It won't be easy, but it will be infinitely more rewarding, whatever the outcome.9/10, two thumbs up. Without a doubt, one of the most brutally honest, uncompromisng and powerful emotional experiences I've had in recent memory. I'm glad I took this journey, but it is NOT for everyone."
,Recommended,282070,14056341,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Kodylex,Very emotional and satisfying experience. Truly an excellent game recommended to anyone who wants to experience the choices and consequences of surviving as a civilian during war.I personally played the game the way I would have acted in real life aswell and it ended up being a happy and rewarding experience :)
,Recommended,282070,23115048,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GorkaCG,"I bought the game for the survival. I keep playing the game for the feels.The game is really great, you enjoy it more each new run because it has lots of replayability.Just buy it, also part of the benefits are invested in charity to help children in war zones."
,Recommended,282070,13693840,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vegan Atheist,"Probably one the best small games of the yearDay 1: three civilians hiding in a ravaged house in a war-torn city - one civilian went out to scavenge for resources at an abandoned houseDay 2: there are enough resources to build a chair to sit onDay 3: the three civilians are hungry - one civilian went out to scavenge for food at a villaDay 4: there is some food enough to last a couple of days - one civilian went out to scavenge for meds at a hospitalDay 5: the three civilians are tired - one civilian went out to scavenge for resources at a supermarketDay 6: there are enough resources to build a bed to sleep on - one civilian went out to scavenge for resources at a schoolDay 7: one of the civilians is sick, and someone is knocking at the door willing to trade  - one civilian went out to scavenge an an apartment complexDay 8: after breaking into an old couple's home and stealing all their sh^t while they watched helpless, you bring enough medical supplies to help cure a sick member of your teamDay 9: everybody is hungry and you listen to the radio for any info - one civilian went out to trade cigarettes with the army guys for some foodDay 10: everyone is sad because you stole from an old couple - one civilian went out to scavenge for some booze to lift up the team's spiritDay 11: your shelter was raided because you didn't board up your house and because your scavenger took the only firearm with him last nightDay 12: everyone is hungry, tired and depressed - one civilian went out to look for anything at the garageDay 13: the scavenger brings some junk backDay 14: the main scavenger shoots to death an armed thug at The Warehouse, and is killed by the other two thugs (there are no saves to go back to, the game goes on)Day 15: one of the surviving civilians goes back to where their friend was killed, picks up his weapons and avenges his friend's deathDay 16: ......life goes onDay 25: the winter sets in.....10/10"
76561198069829732,Recommended,282070,13192667,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Rune Vortex,A piece of art. Incomparable to any other game/experience I've had. This game will continuously test your determination to succeed and survive.
,Recommended,282070,22828753,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Novus,"10 / 10 Story9 / 10 Gameplay9 / 10 Graphic10 / 10 Sound9 / 10 Control10 / 10 Atmosphere9 / 10 Replayability9 / 10 Price8 / 10 Workshop-Mods /Multiplayer / DLC's10 / 10 Extra-Points93 / 100the other side of the ""coin of war"""
,Recommended,282070,32622562,Posted: 21 June,all,Balaam's ass,"Somber, or sad?Happy, or honest?Kill... or be killed.This game is the best ""choices matter"" game that I've ever played, but it's not just your choices that matter; sometimes you can't stop a midnight break-in, and the injuries that result.  Sometimes you need to choose whether to send that injured person for needed medical supplies.  Sometimes you will choose the easy pickings, and steal from those weaker than you, because you can't take from anyone else.It will go from the happy days where you have all the wood you need to keep feeding the hungry wood burning stove in the middle of deep-freeze winter and good company in a comfy chair, to chopping up your only bed, just to make it through another night, and drinking your last trade bottle of antispetic alcohol in the misery that seizes one who has lost all hope.Endgame tells you about those who have lived any given playthrough, both dead and alive, and how they fare after the war ends... or how they died and/or deserted you when things got so bad there was no recovery.The DLC is worth it too; children add a lot to this game as you teach them... or ignore them because you're too busy trying to stay alive, and the War Child Charity Bundle adds tag art from the world over to existing structures ingame, where you can discover all of them in unique (and static) places (and there is an achievement for finding them all), along with a short history of who in real life created them, and where they live and do their art.Sale price is a heck of a good bargain if you're on the fence, because the list price is worth the money for the time and content available; my 130+ hours ingame have all been spent playing different scenarios/characters, and I haven't yet completed every scenario - the one where you start with just one man is really challenging.The community of players here have been helpful both in the forums and in terms of guides, and the devs have added a suite of tools that allows creative types to add items to the game and create our own scenarios, including custom characters.The trailers/screencaps in the review make it look like a side-scroller game, which isn't exactly correct (it's not Metroid-vania) but also isn't incorrect (all locations are in fact larger than your screen) because the locations are largely static, excepting that game events and timing can cause certain resource depletions and some NPCs can come and go.  I'd advise finding a youtube video to see more about this characteristic if you just can't spend the $4, but there's more than enough content here to give you 20+ hours enjoyment, even if you don't like repeating scenarios.One caution: there is no save game that doesn't ""foul"" you somehow.  If you leave the game at the start of a new day, your forager will come home and there will be a new random event for the night (or not), and if you leave the game during a run at night, you'll return to have to replay the preceeding day.  This aspect is one of the best implementations of ""choices matter"" that I have thus far seen in any game.I have NEVER experienced a bug of any sort either during loading or play.This is an excellent game - and I should have reviewed it much, much sooner.A beautiful job, 11 bit studios!"
,Recommended,282070,13310815,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sethorr Galerion,Day 3: Pavle tries to♥♥♥♥♥♥a woman... Pavle gets beating to death by her husband...-RESTART-Day 8: Pavle tries to help a woman about to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a soldier... Pavle gets shot in the face...-RESTART-......  10/10
,Recommended,282070,32607658,Posted: 20 June,all,«AS»Cool Cat,"-First playthrough-Kill soldier in supermarket-pick up his AK47 and 19 bullets-feels unstoppable-go to military base to take them on-is slaughtered immediately10/10 - ""would attack a fort with a single civilian again"""
,Recommended,282070,16376747,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dannyboy,day 1 - start out as my own created characterday 2 - I'm rich in supplies and will never run out of foodday 3 - my character is severely wounded and sick after not building a heater and getting shot at a bandit campday 4 - I killed like 5 people in apartments that weren't bandits but got lots of meds and foodday 5 - my character is so depressed he wont moveday 6 - he still wont moveday 7 - got killed last night thanks to depressionthanks Obama
,Recommended,282070,19351306,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dr. Frog ☭☢,"This war of mine, (starvation simulator 2014) is a war game where you don't play as an elite soldier who can't sprint for more than 10 seconds, you play as a group of survivors trying to live in a war torn city. This war of mine is loosely based off ""The Siege of Sarajevo"" During the Bosnian war.The gameplay is a point and click, resource management, meaning you have to click your characters and get them to do tasks such as make tools, cook food, sleep, and bandage any injuries. The game is divided into day and night cycles, during the day you manage your characters, )feeding them and making them sleep) build necessities, and manage resources. Nighttime consists of scavenging for supplies, with a singular character in a variety of locations. These could be bombed out homes, abandoned schools, or other survivors shelters. Sometimes the player might come across other survivors, sometimes friendly, sometimes violent. During night time the player must collect as many resources as possible in order to maintain their shelter and their characters needs. Occasionally your shelter may be raided during the night. This can be prevented by patching holes in the walls, and having weapons accessible for whoever is still in your shelter.The shelter the player starts with is locked to that play-through. Although, this isn't necessarily a bad thing. There are only 2 home bases available (acquired randomly) both approximately the same size with the same starting materials. The player will start building things. This includes metalworking benches, herb/vegetable gardens, animal traps, and makeshifts stoves. These all make surviving significantly easier.Depending on the scenario you were playing, different locations available on the map (to loot and explore) unlock at different times, usually after a few days. Each location is different, with randomly generated supplies to be found. Sometimes location can have different scenarios, such as one play through the grocery store might have the military in it, and in another play through there might just be some scavengers. This adds immense replayability.The sound in the game is over all well done. It adds a feeling of stress or concern. The art direction in the game, although basic, is a perfect match for the 2D side Scroller. The charcoal effects ingame add a feeling of darkness and dread, with almost 0 colour to be seen. Overall the art direction and sound are extremely well done, and fifth the game well.Depending on the scenario you playing, you'll be given certain starting characters. Each with their own abilities, backpack size, and potentially addictions. These characters need to be fed, rested, and kept in a good mood. They also need to be in good health. Your characters may get injured from raiders or scavengers, or sick from lack of heat in the shelter. They can also fall into a depression if the player controls them and a negative fashion. An example of this would be having your character steal from other survivors, or kill other survivors. This can be counterbalanced by doing maintaining them/entertaining them  or helping other survivors. The counter side to this, is in the event that someone asks for your help, and you refuse, your characters feel sad, potentially falling into a deep depression, preventing them from doing basic tasks, like eating, or defending the shelter. The same can happen if you let your characters get to hurt, too sick, or not take care of them properly. This adds more difficult to the game, becoming less about keeping them healthy but also about keeping them happy.The ingame combat system is minimal. Most situations you will engage in melee combat with a melee weapon. Guns and ammunition are extremely hard to come by. In most situations, The player will save weapons for defending their shelter at night. The game overall doesn't want you to fight other survivors, it's not good for the characters sanity, or health. However if you decide to go down a path of stealing at The game overall doesn't want you to fight other survivors, it's not good for the characters sanity, or health. However if you decide to go down a path of stealing of and murdering,  be prepared to deal with depressed characters.This war of mine does many things right:The games graphic design and Soundesign are fantastic for the genreThe game is challenging in a good wayIt tugs at the heart stringsImmersiveThe controls are goodSteam workshop compatibleExtremely satisfying when your characters survive the end of the warCan create your own scenariosOne of the deepest games in 2014Has DLC were you donate too children in real life affected by real warLots of replayabilityThis war of mine also does a few things wrongThey game can screw you over very easily, causing you to restartMay be extremely frustrating to some playersSome achievements are extremely hard to get, if you're into that kind of thingSometimes to randomly generated world is more harsh than you can handle (Like real life)Hits the feelsOverall this war of mine is a fantastic game. For the price of 21,99CAD, some people might not think it's worth it, but others would say it's a bargain. Overall I think a lot of people should try this game, if you have any interest in the genre. Pick it up on sale if you can."
,Recommended,282070,18343084,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Durukan,Please buy it:War Child Charity DLCSave the Children.Thanks.
76561198158354158,Recommended,282070,16481616,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nerissa,This game made me thankful for what i've got. Thanks devs for this gem.
,Recommended,282070,13282645,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Jambulas,granny's house has plenty of food. very realistic. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,26653288,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Micinaa,"This game is amazing.Once you get in the story and characters, you'll start to get emotional. In a good way of course. You have tought decisions to make, you go through different locations, you meet different people and you get to know other people stories. With DLC The Little Ones, you have more options, but see for yourself. Also knowing this game donates to a charity that helps people to go through things like this is even more satisfying than the gameplay itself.This game is one of my favorite ones. I keep coming back to just sit and play the stories, because in that moment - nothing else matters.Different locationsDifferent scenariosDifferent storiesStreet artAmazing soundtrackHeartbreakingDeep storyAmazing atmosphereSimpleDLC The Little OnesAbility to make your own storyThis game is worth every cent. Just play it for yourself."
76561197964216287,Recommended,282070,23332876,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Remo,"An excellent game that should be in every gamers\' library. Every action or inaction has a direct impact on your chance to survive. Your strategy, tactics and ethics will be challenged."
76561198034200826,Recommended,282070,13145193,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Great Canadian Fuck Club,"Day 7:Moral is high, we have more then enough medicine and food for the three of us. Pavle made us a gun yesterday, and that has been helping keep looters away at night. We recently heard about an apartment building, apparently housing an old couple and their son. They may have supplies we could use, and so I am going to go there tonight.Day 8:Marko didn't return home last night.Is this game fun? Yes if you enjoy being stressed out. No otherwise.Is it good? Yes.Should you buy it? Yes."
,Recommended,282070,13107639,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,clckwrkrng,"Hardcore version of The Sims with excellent immersive atmosphere, difficult moral choices and characters, whom you really empathize with.Pros:Everything.Cons:The game is too short, I didn't manage to craft an acoustic guitar before the war ended.10 bottles of moonshine out of 10."
,Recommended,282070,12975133,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,James,"This game has my vote for Indie game of the year. The choices you make need to be thought out as some actions have either positive or negitive effects on your suriviors. You start with 2 ~ 4 random people in a shelled out home in the middle of what seems to be a civil war. The games art design is fitting to set the emotion & the somber music helps with this a lot. The game cycles between day ~ night. Day you fix your home ~ build items ~ get rest for the night. Night hits and the fun begins. Pick one of the 3 members to go looting, one to stand guard at home and best to have the 3rd rest for day time activities. Pick what tools you want to bring with you as you go out looting (saw blade~lock pick~crowbar~etc.)You pick where you want to head off too, sometimes you don't see anyone and looting goes smooth, but what fun is that. Some of the survivors you come across are harmless and are just out looking for surplies like you, others maybe living where you go and you need to decided to loot them or leave and of course there is the chance they are bandits. We all know they just want to sell you the best long distance plan. There is plenty of random events and every time you start over your 3 survivors could all be different, the weather might of changed and I can promise you while the locations on the map might be the same going there will not be. Giving this game plenty of re-play ability.Average game time is between 30 -50 days, thats right a survival game where there is a goal! Finally you have an objective, outlast the war & win, Don't be fooled this is not an easy game and has the ability to make you care about your survivors wanting to see them live to the end & sometimes having to choose who eats and who don't.Final verdict 9  ~ 10The only thing I wish and would make this game better is more of the same type of music, not the same thing on a loop."
76561198024205782,Recommended,282070,12946529,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tea ❀,"This is a hard-hitting game. It doesn't hold back and it covers very mature subjects. The developers have kept a lid on some of what is involved, but there is murder, violence, theft of the most vulnerable and sexual assault.It is an extremely dark tale, and your characters can do quite horrible acts to survive or protect others. This all meshes quite well with the mechanics, and everything has a cost, or a risk.Robbing the poorly defended hospital is a very good idea - medicines, actually functioning medicines (not the could-work herbal nonsense) can be traded for some of the most useful items around, or a lot of building items like wood and tools. However, the rest of your party will be disgusted with the thief for robbing those most in need, and the whole shelter will take a morale hit. You will take many of these, so get used to them.With many similarities to the sims, you have to keep your survivors fed, rested, treated (if injured or sick) and non-suicidal. Managing sleep is very important, and there are a variety of debilitating status effects that take your survivors down from 100%.I recommend this game, and it is better than it looks - although the artistic direction is quite gorgeous and perfectly tailored to the desired experience. While some say it is depressing, there are moment of humour and just surviving a day or escaping pursuers with a full backpack of loot is tremendously rewarding. The bigger the risk, the bigger the win!In closing I want to add one little extra fact. There are no saves per se. If you quit your game saves, but there are no saves to manipulate and no backsies. So if you lose someone, they are gone for good. This is an excellent design decision, and it will surprise pc players when they want to just reload a save, and find they can not do this. Pavle is gone, that is the end of his story. Now try to push on with the survivors you have, depressed by Pavle being shot like a dog.There isn't a game quite like it."
76561198069158483,Recommended,282070,14314608,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,✪Chobam✪,Bought shovel from guyEquip shovelDidnt know that started combatKilled him because he was gonna shoot meHis father crying over his dead sons bodyKilled the father10/10
,Recommended,282070,23273737,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Smurfy,"Steal stuff from an old couple as your almost dieing.Go back the next day, find them both dead.I now understand why some call this game ""Depression Simulator"".10/10 would feel depressed again."
76561197971724802,Recommended,282070,25102715,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"WhenThis War of Minestarts, the game delivers unto you three lost souls who've banded together to try and survive the Eastern European civil war that surrounds them. They're civilians—not survival-trained, battle-hardened soldiers—and ill-equipped to suddenly live without running water, heat or readily available food. During the daytime, you manage their actions inside a cracked, multilevel structure. It's barely livable at the onset, with holes in the walls and piles of rubble obstructing part of the building. Command them to dig through rubble and you'll open up more space and start finding organic and scrap materials that will help them scrape by day to day.Your initial trio of survivors start off hungry, tired or wounded and, no matter how much scavenging, bartering or crafting as you do, those states of being are never too far away. Just to make your shelter moderately livable, you'll have to have them patch walls, build beds, grow vegetables, filter rainwater, bait and catch small animals for food.The game is hard and sometimes disturbing because it makes you feel the grief of war. Make life-and-death decisions driven by your conscience. Try to protect everybody from your shelter or sacrifice some of them for longer-term survival.Key Features:- Inspired by real-life events- Control your survivors and manage your shelter- Craft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves – anything that helps you survive- Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience- Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game- Charcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themeTHE GOOD- Distinct, dismal pencil art style- Powerful examination of civilian life in wartime- Complicated & challenging moralityTHE BAD- Becomes monotonous after a time- Autosaves only- Some systems are a bit too easily exploited8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,282070,12960785,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,⚡⚡ cfitz001 ⚡⚡,"Beat an old man up and threaten to kill his wife for their food.Proceeded to starve children so I can eat all the food.I wasn't hungry, I'm just a monster."
,Recommended,282070,14271660,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"Wow, just wow. This is an absolutely beautiful game. No game has ever impacted me as much as this one has, despite how minimalistic it may seem at first. But it is this minimalism that makes it so much more powerful and therefore have a greater impact. Most war games nowadays just show the ""glory"" of war - whether it be shooters or strategy games where you must crush all opposition. The games in which the civilian toll of war is explored are few and far between. Even strategy games where you besiege a city or planet to force the population to surrender gloss over the civilian toll. Probably the most notable instance of civilians being involved in a conflict game would be *that* level in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2. But even then, This War of Mine is completely unique in that you are controlling the civilians. While you may encounter combatants from either side, you don't participate in the conflict at all, you just try your best to survive on the peripheries of the unmentioned Civil War tearing the city and its population apart.This is a very meaningful game in ways unlike most others. War is Hell, and no game demonstrates this as well as this one does. There are many conflicts in the world right now, and civilian casualties are a very real, and very sad part of this reality. Having a keen interest in military history, and knowing just how destructive city sieges are/were, let alone the bombing raids on cities, this game really does strike home just how terrible war is. The hard choices that civilians must make in order to survive in such situations is a really important part of this game, and truly one of the standouts. Just like in the real world, there is no black and white, just a whole lot of greys. You are unlikely to make it out of this game feeling like a champion; there are terrible decisions to make one after the other. The decisions you must make, and the consequences of these decisions, are incredible, and I needed to take a break after some of these decisions. No spoilers here, but you may feel like a disgusting monster, or a hero, and well... will either decision even affect the survival of your own group?The playable characters, though with Eastern European names due to the geographical setting, all have excellent back stories and personalities which actually influence how they may react. Some characters may be more or less willing to do certain things, and certain actions will either positively or negatively your group's morale. Being caught on combatants aren't the only hazards, however, starvation, dehydration, and depression can be, and are real killers in This War of Mine. Depression is particularly well handled in this game, given the tough choices you must make, and the effect that these choices will have on your group. Special mention owing to the difficult nature of depression and other mental illnesses.The graphics and sound may not be complex, but they convey the themes of the game excellently. For the game's theme, the simple 2d side view of the game works better than something which would be provided by either a first-person or third-person perspective. The 2d nature of the game allows you to better encapsulate what it is all about, from building your shelter to scavenging for supplies. The audio is also brilliant, with a haunting soundtrack punctuated by the sounds of combat in the distance.Meaningful and excellent in a way that few games are, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,282070,28832760,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GimmehThaPussay,"Overall Score: 8.5/10Note: All scores below are out of 10.RatingDescriptionQuality9/10Amazingly constructed game.Utility6/10Some bugs can be easily reproduced - some annyoing, some gamebreaking.Controls9/10Simple - everything is on the mouse. Whether that's good or bad.Performance9/10Runs smoothy in heavy visual settings.Challenge7/10It can be very easy to win once you know the basics.Diversity10/10A lot of pre-made missions and a function to create your own.Design9/10Colours consist of grey and give off the effect of war - very good.Immersion10/10The game does an amazing job of making you feel like you're there.Visuals8/10The game looks simplistic which gives it that impact on focusing on survival.Text10/10Some broken English but the game is in many different languages.Sound7/10Apart from music and gunshots, the game is mainly text.Interface9/10UI has an immersive style and is well constructed.Additional Notes:Game is old and unlikely to be updated - if you find a bug it's most likely not going to be fixed.All you need for this game is your mouse.Music is very appeasing and fits well with the game.Very addictive, I've played 200 hours. It's a really good game. I'm still learning new things about it, too."
76561198002635600,Recommended,282070,28034082,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JoypadJoe,"I replayed this game recently with The Little Ones DLC. It's a tough game to play, especially with the addition of kids, but one I think is worthwhile. It's like the darkest possible version of The Sims; your characters huddle in a bombed out ruin in a war-torn city by day and go out scavenging for materials and food by night. As the shelter is upgraded, they can construct new utilities and items such as weapons for defence. Your survivors get hungry, sick, and depressed; your scavenging becomes sparser during periods of intense fighting and cold weather. Add to the mix some troubling moral quandaries and you're left with a compelling but potentially deeply troubling game. Just like the beautifully understated graphic palette, all This War Of Mine can offer is shades of grey."
76561198000402623,Recommended,282070,13013232,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zombiecat,"This game is an excellent blend of stealth, resource management, base building and decision making. You play as a group of civilians trapped in a city beseiged by an ongoing war. Scavenge, trade, craft and even lie and kill your way to survival. The question is, how far would you go to survive? This War of Mine asks this question constantly, and it means it.One highlight is how good the game is in connecting you with your survivors. I have felt despair, anguish, sadness and hope in my playthroughs. It's remarkable how the game accomplishes this although each playthough can be very differerent. The game sets you up with a different set of survivors each time you play, and many events and locations are randomly generated to a certain extent. You may see the same location in a subsequent playthrough but the events and circumstances might be different, prompting you to use a different strategy whist visiting. A market square bustled with survivors eagerly engaging in black market trade might become a dangerous, deserted spot preyed upon by hostile snipers in your next game.I thoroughly enjoyed my time with This War of Mine. Everything feels fresh and new, and I feel I'm a kid again eagerly discovering everything for the first time. This is the sleeper hit of the year."
,Recommended,282070,29387683,Posted: 20 January,all,SPH4E,Brought me to tears.
,Recommended,282070,20058364,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Snark,"Night 1 - Pavle is beaten to death by a womanNight 2 - Katia is critcally wounded by a man who's lookin' for meds to give to his fatherNight 3 - Bruno murders an old couple for their med suppliesNight 4 - Katia gets bandages and meds, but is not getting betterNight 5 - Bruno kills the man and the fatherNight 6 - Katia hangs herselfNight 7 - Bruno hangs himselfGood game."
,Recommended,282070,14686758,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,EdenStarGazer,"This game is dramatic, emotional, and pleasingly artistic. I loved every minute of it and had a difficult time stopping. So I ddin't. I played the game through... over four hours. The first three died and then the final survivor gave up. Very sad ending.  The game launches straight in the action and story line, with zero splash screens or tutorials, etc. The positive of this is that there is no time wasted and you get a realistic feel for the lost and hopelessness of the situation for civilians in a homeland war. The only drawback is that I was uncertain on the first night what I was packing. After fumbling with the controls that first night, and getting it wrong, you probably have a great idea of what you should have done. Sadly, experience is not the best teacher for survivors. I was hooked instantly, however, so I will be going back for a second try tomorrow, and hopefully this time I will make better choices. I also want to dig nto some of the info about the artists, because this is one game you will remember primarily for the art work, as much as for the storyline and drama. Disclamer: This is my first game review on Steam, and I welcome friends, since I am new here. So add me."
,Recommended,282070,12961187,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Fulysic,"Where do I start with this awesome game im not going to write a review but how the game made me feel.Watch this small 11bitstudios trailer while you read my thoughts:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XI_c0lp68RY&list=PLpas7-jjCh0Y_OAll6yrF-27zG_zHzsH2This war of mine has a very unique way of capturing you and this game really pull's you in and makes you want to fight to help the people survive the war, sometimes it gets tough out there amongst the gun fire and hostility of locals and to survive you are forced into decisions sometimes a decision that you wouldn't normally make and this could ruin the path you travel down and affect the entire group.Sometimes it is emotionally frustrating watching your characters struggle after fighting so hard to survive, such as watching one character slowly die from terminal illness and your survives rally to try and find supplies to help keep him alive in the hope the war will end, or the server depression that washes through the group leading to heart-felt suicides leaving you stunned and confused saying could I have done something different.But sometimes there are happy moments meeting new people ,helping a woman protect her daughter from the pigs of war, to sharing your medication with strangers to taking in people off the street and giving them some rest from the war-torn surroundings, sitting there listening to peaceful guitar play which helps drown out the horrors your survivors face outside to sharing a drink and stumbling around drunk.With this game you experience heart pounding moments to hot and cold flushes this game makes you feel like your part of the group you try so hard but sometimes all is lost war is not a happy place to be and this certainly makes you feel that.Anyone who is thinking about purchasing of this game go ahead and buy it I come from long line of racing games and I love this game This war of mine is great game."
,Recommended,282070,13087024,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,burkhar,"Depressing. Fascinating. Sad. This War of Mine is something special in survival games. The horror of the war displayed not through weapon sights, but through a party of ordinary civilians looking for safety and willing to survive. This game definitely is worth the money. One of my candidates for game of the year. A must buy."
76561198122178622,Recommended,282070,22443253,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ETEl2NAL407,"I'm a bit torn on this game. While I don't really enjoy playing it, I am in awe of its power.I have played a lot of games in my 30+ years of life. I've played fun, casual, silly games that make me laugh, I've played highly technical games requiring skill and accuracy that make me rage, I've played puzzle games that really make you think and slap your forehead once you figure something out that's taking you too long, I've even played horror games meant to scare me, and I some have really made me scream. The point is that all games touch some emotional side of us, some hit their intended nerves deeper than others, but regardless of how much a game has affected me in this past, I've been able to get past my emotions and continue playing.This War Of Mine is the exception. After I killed an elderly couple to survive, I had to stop playing. I can't even pinpoint what certain mechanic in the game managed to ring this bell in me, but I have never had such a deep emotional reaction to a game. I felt digusted with myself, completely lost and buried under a mountain of despair. As I clicked the buttons to bash their heads in with a shovel, I felt my soul turning black. I try to think of all those koopas I used to eject from their shell as Mario and wonder why I didn't empathize on the same level because, at the root, the two actions are the same:preying on the weak to succeed.So, why does it feel so much worse when I do it in This War Of Mine?For this reason alone I am recommending the game, because no other game has ever been able to strike this sort of reaction in me, but I will never play it again."
,Not Recommended,282070,25415740,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Tjitah,"I've experienced a game-breaking bug, where I got stuck on Day 42 on my very first playthrough. No matter what i did (uninstall, re-install, turned off cloud-syncing etc), I cannot progress past Day42. I've asked the developers for help, but all they said is that it will be fixed in an upcoming patch. However, I've since discovered that this is a bug that the Steam version of the game suffered from since 2014, and the developers have obviously not found a solution yet. I'm sorry but the game is just too tedious and repetitive to plod through another partial playthrough. I therefore cannot recommend it until they fixed this bug."
,Recommended,282070,13683337,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Regalis Ferus,I have more emotions for this game than I have for real life10/10 would feel human again
,Recommended,282070,12968059,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Walker,"I made a few choices that caused my people to start to lose faith.  They were depressed and sadly things got even worse for me within days.  My people were sick, they were wounded and they were hungry.I had to do something drastic so I sent my healthiest person to sniper junction.  Things were going well for me as I was able to make it from cover to cover and even looted a few items i desperately needed.  I was heading back to my shelter when one little misstep cost me everything.  The sniper fired and Pavle went down.The effect it had on my last two party members almost shut me down.  They didn’t want to do anything but I was at least able to rest them and they ate what canned food I had left.  That night Bruno went out to try and find anything I could get my hands on.  All that was to be had were some parts and some smokes.Back at the house I see that the game is over, there is no way to go on.  Bruno won't get off the floor.  He won't move at all.  He has lost all hope and given up because he is found Katia has commit suicide.  He is alone in the world in the middle of a dying city in the middle of a warzone.All was lost."
,Recommended,282070,16939169,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kerzak,Food will never be the same after playing this game... Trust me.
,Recommended,282070,12957327,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Roo2T,"Nominated for The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award straight away.Survive. Survive at all costs I thought choosing a place to scavenge.I need food and some meds for my group.Entered a house. Looks quite. Despite danger in location info.Searched first floor. Materials and some food. Good. Someone on the second floor. Two of them.Got to the basement. Locked door. Nobody is around. Picked the lock and loot all the stuff. Very good day for my group I thought.Suddenly, I heard steps nearby. I prepared my knife and rushed to a cover. Just one more second..A guy opened the door moments later. Aiming his gun somewhere near me. This is it I thought.He walked past me. I rushed out of the cover and instantly stabbed him. Twice. He was trying to aim a gun and... Slash. He is dead.I picked up his gun. Rushed to the second floor and crashed all the firepower I've got onto these nasty mercs. Some more loot. Nobody will be robbed by you anymore I thought.Rushed through the house. Running around I realized that they were not mercs - they were survivors like me. Suddenly, I am the bandit.Survive. Survive at all costs...I thought....We have made it through...not without losses and tough choices though...As many have asked, I will add short review as well.In this game your target is to survive throughtout the war. With stylish graphics and soundtrack combination you will actually feel yourself in the war times. A lot of choices you will have to make during a single run will add up the atmosphere just as much as other things do. You will hate yourself for the choices you have made. You will search for an explanation for your violent crimes trying not to associate yourself with bandits. You will see how moral can be twisted and how people can change while fighting for survival. Game is extremely punishing for wrong choices. You can loose everything in just couple of days. Even if you have food, goods for trade, weapons, workshops etc. With several sets of starting characters, decent-sized world and several random events the game has a certain replayability. With all the drawbacks and flaws the game has it is still a truly unique experience in the Steam store and it is far deeper than many zombie/post-apocalypse or whatever survival games currently on the market. The overall great and deep atmosphere covers up all the flaws so you can easily name it an outstanding game. I do.Outstanding game.8,7/10. There are still some things that can be improved."
,Recommended,282070,14030247,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Degenerate,"I quit after my battle hardened, fully equipped rambo got knifed by an old lady. 10/10"
76561198096728769,Recommended,282070,23129474,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Bubonic_Bee,"Really cool game.  You won't be disappointed.  I've logged so many hours and I just finally beat one story of the game.  I've stolen, I've killed, I've cried, I've eaten rats, I've been shot in the back after saving a girl from getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I've died again and again and again and again and again. But, I keep coming back."
76561198104392925,Recommended,282070,32815105,Posted: 26 June,all,whatsup_itsme,Stole from a bunch of people and even innocent people. Stole from an old couple that started crying and made me feel like a d*** . Great game
,Recommended,282070,13260895,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Enaver,"Absolutely amazing game.I purchased this game on a whim, and I don't regret it at all. Very fair price for a game which is very unique. If you are a fan of post apocalypse games then this is one for you. It will take a few play fews to get the hang of it as you are thrown in the deep end with no guide on how to play the game though.This game brings you into a city caught in the middle of civil war, you get to witness events from the soldiers and rebels - some bad, some good and some you have to watch and can't do anything about. Every time you send one of your characters out to savange you are constantly worrying about what to pick up and what you need the most, every scavange matters!I normally don't enjoy games which tend to avoid combat, however ""This War of Mine"" has pulled it off in such an amazing way. The world really does pull you in, I love the encounters with the rebels or soldiers.Some key points:- Each play through is different, maps do change!- A decent amount of events.- Real sense of a post-apoc world.- Loads of crafting! (Weapons, ammo, armour, household objects, medical supplies, food)- Can't let your people die via starvation, health... they can even commit suicide if they become depressed (gain by killing innocent people, your people have decent morals).Real fun game, still playing it now. Thought id take the time to write a decent review for it as I haven't been pulled into a game this much for a long time."
76561197968075552,Recommended,282070,32351316,Posted: 11 June,all,Slappy White,"Great, very original game, with a unique vibe. I liked it far more than I though I was going to, props to the creators of this game. I can tell it was inspired by personal experience with the trauma of war. I found myself growing attached to the characters, and doing my best to make sure they were all healthy and surviving. Sort of a great role playing experience."
76561198052051437,Not Recommended,282070,14853578,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,PaulGR,"LONG REVIEW AHEADFor TL;DR, check theBOLDorUNDERLINEDstuff!I'd like to make clear that this is a good game.It is a unique ideafor survival which is far away from Zombies and bravely detaches itself from the rest of the swarm - that is all the recent survival video games based on a Zombie apocalypse...However,I can't recommend the game;read on and you will realize why, and alsosee at the endthe section called:- IMPORTANT EDITIn'This War of Mine'you take on the role of three survivors. Although I haven't played alot(~7hrs), I understand that they are 9 overall characters and each time you play, you get to control three different ones, each with his own, unique abilities, such as ""Good Cook,"" ""Good Scavenger,"" and so on, which give minor advantages to certain skills (The Good Scavenger has 5 more backpack slots, for example).All this happens in the same building (same in every run) which serves as your outpost. During the day, you supposingly add/create stuff for your 2D outpost such as beds and chairs. During the night, you are supposed to go outside and scavenge from other 2D buildings that usually are occupied by other, friendly-or-not survivors IN ORDER TO BUILD during the day. However, your backpack space is so limited that there is no way you can scavenge the whole place in one run, you will have to wait another full day to get back to it, even if you scavenged for 1 hour and there are 6 more hours remaining until daylight (enough to return the supplies and go back for more).SO, YOU BUILD STUFF(there are not that many options to build)DURING THE DAY (or you simply do nothing cause you have no supplies 90% of the time) AND YOU SCAVENGE DURING THE NIGHT IN ORDER TO BUILD THE NEXT DAY (and eat).And repeat.And, this is pretty much it.It is fun for the first 4-5 in-game days but then it getspretty repetitive;if you add on thatthe game's extremely slow-pacethen there you have it.You will find yourself almost MOST of the day doing nothing but watching your survivors sit idly around, tapping your foot on the floor while begging for a ""Speed-up Time"" button since materials to build stuff in your outpost and therefore DO SOMETHING (pass the time) are scarce, or you simply CAN'T take enough during the night because of the greatly limited inventory you have. So,you will eitherhave to click ""SKIP DAY"" and miss the WHOLE day in order to go straight to night(which you can go out and scavenge),but at the same time, by skipping the day you are missing opportunities such as other survivors coming at your home to Trade, or seek help, etc.ORyou will have to sit idly and watch the screen, waiting for the time to pass.In addition, in all my attempted playthroughs, it is as if your outpost is cursed. Your survivors, 99% of the time will be both sick and wounded, always limbing and unable to do pretty much anything. I understand that it is a time of war, but lets be realistic, they are not soldiers to be hurt (you spend 90% of the time inside your outpost, like you would in your own home in your everyday life) AND there isNOTa plague to have you be sick all the freakin' time.In order to test it, I had 1 out of the 3 survivors rest for days while a message said: 'recovering,' to find out that he never became well - as if bugged, so I am going to edit this part of my review if it turns out to be a bug, and not the actual gameplay.Moreover, another annoying element is that other survivors will raid your place while you are outside at night, stealing your stuff and 'wounding' your survivors. Even if you can't control it, can't you at least command your survivors not to fight back, so that they won't end-up hurt or miraculously sick after the raid all the time?On that, the raids areawkward.You may have 5 items of food in your fridge (food is very rare and you will always be hungry - which is ok since there is a war going on) and instead of raiding your stuff and taking everything, as they would IRL, they grab x1 Chicken Breast and then leave... which is weird... so you call that a 'raid'?!------>Finally,for replayability reasons(as most people state) the war may randomly end at any time.However, I don't see how that adds to replayability. You will do the SAME stuff for either 15 in-game days, or you will do the same stuff for 30 in-game days. It's the same thing.EVERYTHING else remains the same. Buildings, locations, people -everything.With this amount of content then, and its lack of replayability, the game does not, by any chance, excuse the 20 euro it costs. So, if I had to recommend it for a certain price, that would be 7 to 8 euros maximum!I am not gonna give a score to the game and I will restate that I believe it is a good one.However, to me, I simply can't find enjoyment by doing the same things over and over again, insuch a slow-pacedgame while 40% of the time just watching the screen for the day to pass.IMPORTANT EDIT:As is the case with mostOverwhelmingly Positivetitles, feel free to start spamming the Down-Vote button as if you own the game and I suddenly 'hurt it' or 'insulted it' - I don't mind at all. One of my characteristics (or perhaps weaknesses) is myhonesty,and I am not going to praise a title that I did not - myself - enjoy, just because they donated a small amount to charity(DO NOT HATE, READ ON!)I heard from people that, the money of their latest DLC (0.99) goes to charity,and to me this TRULLY is awesome,but this is not reason enough to give it a false and unrealistic review.So, please, hear me out on this!It is indeed an awesome move what they did, but here, I am reviewing theGAME.Even if the 20 euro for it all went to charity, I'd still down-vote it, because I am reviewingthe GAME itself,and not the action behind it. If I wanted to spend money on charity (which I do once a year) I would do so immediately and not through a game.The above is what I found in-game and represents my own and only opinion on the game:I do NOT recommend it.I hope I've been helpful to you."
76561198015953187,Recommended,282070,12977327,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,CryinHavoc,"Day 10: My group was hungry.  We were out of food and desperate.  We put our hopes in that there would be food in the apartment complex that was basically blown in half during the shelling.  One half was empty but we knew the other half had a group in it.  We often heard gunfire coming from the building meaning they might be hostile.  It was risky but we were desperate.It was simple.  We would take from the empty half of the building and let the other half keep their stuff.  Marko went that night.  The only way he could approach was from the inhabited side.  I climbed the ruble to the second story and used a crowbar to break in.  I then headed to the next door inside and peaked through.  There were two women on the other side.  One told of a scavenger on the other half searching for items.  The other responded by saying that, ""John"" would kill them.  Kill them.  But it's just a scavenger.  He wasn't a bandit breaking into this side.One of the women went upstairs and the other started walking towards my door.  I quickly got up and hid in the closet.  The women entered the room and checked her items, then left from the same door she came in.  I could hear her go upstairs.  Now was my chance.  I left the closet and opened the door.  Only stairs upwards and another door.  I went through the next door.  I opened it to see a man with a sniper rifle aimed at the next building.  This was John.  standing at the end of the building.  He screamed for the other scavenger to show themselves.  I considered going around but John would see me crossing to the other side.  And he would most likely kill me.  Was this what the gunshots were?  Not self defense but killing scavengers on the other half?I pulled out the crowbar.  If I don't get these supplies, we'll die.  If I cross to get them, John will kill me.  And he is already threatening to kill another.  This is justified right? I slowly approached him from behind, and swung.  I wounded him but didn't kill him.  He then yelled at me saying, ""it would be the last thing I ever did"" and brought his powerful rifle around to aim at me.  No.  I can't get shot.  We don't have any food let alone medical supplies.  With new found fear I swung again.  And again.  I saw that one last hit could do it.  And begun to swing.  He then yelled, ""please don't kill me!"" and began to let go of the rifle.  But it was too late.  I was already swinging at his head.  I hit him and he fell off the second story of the building and down to the ground. Dead.He was giving up.  I could have taken the weapon and let him live.  If only I hadn't attacked to kill.  I might not have swung so eagerly.  But I was scared.  It was his fault.  He was going to shoot me.I then heard the women coming from downstairs.  I got ready for another fight.  But they ran right by me.  One got on her knees at the edge of the building and began crying.  The other stood between us.  Fear in her eyes with no weapon.  I paniced.  I did this.  He's dead because of me.  I ran.  Without any of the stuff I needed.  I headed back.  Marko entered the safehouse and the following message appeared.The night was calm."
,Recommended,282070,14044378,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kobnar,"Original. Creative. Engaging. Beautiful. As a combat veteran who saw the war through the eyes of a soldier, this game has spoken for another perspective all too understated.Absolutely astounding."
76561197970725951,Recommended,282070,33954718,Posted: 1 August,all,Invictus,"Buy this game!This War of Mine is an enjoyable game. I wouldn't call it ""fun"" because of the serious subject matter. If you are highly empathetic, you might find it difficult to play. I guess I am not that empathetic because I don't really feel emotional pain from the game at all. I have about 100 hours of gameplay right now, so I think I have definitely gotten my money's worth.--------- Main Reasons why I enjoy this game ---------1. The scavenging runs at night can be exhilarating. Heart-pounding exhilarating. There is a timer counting down until dawn. There are serious dangers that can kill you. You are trying to balance the risks against your life with your need for resources to survive once you get back. Maybe if you don't get some food tonight, someone could die tomorrow. There is real risk for real reward. This is an important thing in a game.2. If things go well, you slowly go from near zero resources to a well-stocked larder. There is satisfaction in that. There is a sense of accomplishment. Because the game is HARD and when you succeed it is rewarding.--------- Things I don't enjoy as much ---------1. The game is very slow paced during the daytime. I wish there was a way to fast-foward time without skipping all the way to end of day, but this can mean you miss things sometimes.2. If combat goes south, it can sometimes render the game very frustrating. I think you should be able to quick-save in some way. If your scavenging character dies, the game instantly saves and goes to the next day. While I get the reasons for doing this (emotional loss of death is real), it can also be very frustrating. I have abandoned a few games after day 20 because my good scavenger(s) died and left me with only near-useless characters like Cveta or Anton. That was not fun.--------- Description of Gameplay ---------The game consists of a two-phase cycle of play: Home and Scavenge.The home phase is during the daytime when you build and manage your household. There are only two maps for homes, but different starting characters will have different starting supplies and wounds/sickness to either handicap or help the player. You use four basic supplies to build different things in the home (wood, components, parts, and electronics) and then a combination of many supplies to create secondary goods. For example, weapon parts and components might be combined to create a saw blade (utility item).The second phase is during the night when you scavenge from various locations in the city. This is the most important phase by far, since what you bring back from these adventurers will determine if your characters live or die. There are some locations in the city where you do not need utility items (saw blades, lockpicks, hatchets, shovels, etc) or weapons, but they are few and far between. The most valuable resources in the game are behind locked doors, grates, and things that require tools to get to AND/OR you must kill people defending those resources. When you get back from scavenging, there is a chance your home might have been attacked while you were away, resulting in possible wounds to the defenders and theft of some of your supplies.This creates a cycle of interaction between the two phases. You bring home resources from the scavenging phase to use during the home phase to make tools for the scavenging phase. So there is a lot of complex interaction going on between these two phases.The objective of the game is to survive until the end of the war (about 35-45 days of this cycle). Your characters need sleep every day, food about every two days, medicine to cure sicknesses that develop randomly, bandages to heal wounds, and warmth from a heater on cold days (requiring fuel). So these items become the core measure of success in the game; food, medicine, bandages, and firewood. If you have healthy stocks of these materials in your home, you have security. When you have minimal amounts of these supplies, you need to work hard to fix that. Otherwise, you will lose.So there is a chain relationship between these resources. You can use a little bit of wood and some weapon parts to create a hatchet, which can be used to chop up furniture to get a LOT of lumber and firewood bits. But you have to balance that need for wood with the ability to use those weapon parts to repair a gun that might better defend your home during the scavenge phase (and thus reduce chance of wounds) or take with you on a scavenging run to kill enemies that are defending valuable goods. So you have a lot of choices about how you manage your resources towards the goal of surviving the war.--------- Replayability ---------As I have gotten closer to 100 hours of gameplay, things have become more routine and less enjoyable. I am losing focus and attention. I would really like more options that just the Little Ones DLC. But I don't know that the base game (as it stands right now) has a lot of replayability once you really memorize all the locations. Exploring the scavenging locations is the most fun part of the game in my opinion and once that is done, it fades a lot. This happens to most games (unless they have procedurally generated areas, which this one doesn't). So I feel this does limit replayability.But 100 hours is a lot. The game costs as much as a movie ticket when on sale. It is worth the price for sure.--------- Improvements ---------Things that I would like to see implemented in a 2nd edition or a DLC (I would pay for these things).1. New home environments (currently only 2)2. New locations to explore during the scavenging phase (increases replayability).3. More characters. You could do this without creating too many new character models by re-using some of the NPC models. I don't think people would even notice it.4. More flexibility in creating custom characters (already pretty good but more options would be nice).5. Quick save option6. Ability to increase the speed of time passing or jump forward one hour at a time, something like that7. Some kind of screen showing all the different options that you can use a particular resource for (ex. here is everything you can use wood for). This would help people make decisions about how to use limited resources.8. Some kind of in-game encyclopedia function. Like the Civopedia from Civilization."
,Recommended,282070,28636792,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,committed to keep kj evil,"80% off, what are you waiting for? just buy it."
,Recommended,282070,12952398,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"I was desperate. When I walked into the house I knew I was going into someone elses house. It wasn't abandoned, but I was just going in to get a few things sneakily and then I was going to leave. I needed some construction materials, maybe some food.When I walked upstairs I heard a noise. It was the guy I had heard talking to himself earlier, speaking of how he was taking care of his family, how his elderly grandmother didn't have anyone else who could take care of her at this point.I stood in the doorframe, out of sight, but he walked in, looking suspicious. He must have heard me. Within an instant he walked right up to the doorframe I was hiding in and I grabbed my knife. I had a second to choose between stabbing him while I still had the element of surprise, and letting this guy go. Maybe he'd just shoo me off if he found me. Maybe he'd shoot me dead in an instant.Terrified I lunged at him, stabbing him in the chest, killing him instantly. I found a gun on him and took it too, satisfied that I did the right thing, that this guy probably would have killed me.It wasn't until I was running for the exit that in the last second I saw his mother walk in, and collapse next to his body. I didn't stay any longer to see if she said anything, I couldn't bear it.But that night I came home with a full pack."
,Recommended,282070,12993835,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ADHDan,"9.5/10Food became a product of high value, moreso than it already was. I was so pre-occupied with crafting, building, designing a safe haven, that I forgot to feed my people. I got desperate.A lazy cottage was not far, and it looked undisturbed. On my 3rd outing it was my choice as word was, there was a lot of food there. For some reason, I didn't send my regular guy, but instead someone more ""fresh-faced"". No idea why, perhaps she needed to get out more, spend less time sleeping or crafting.The house is as quiet as expected... after looting through the rubbish outside, I suddenly spot a fire place... alight...? Surely that means that I won't be alone in the house... I take a peak through keyhole, lo and behold an elderly couple sit quietly, peaceful either side of the cosy flames, exchanging small talk.Husband - ""I know, honey, I know""Wife - ""Maybe we'll have a nice dinner tomorrow?""F*ck... well, they might be peaceful after all, perhaps I could barter with them. Make an agreement. I make my own way into the house.Husband - ""Oh... how did you enter...?""He approaches me at the door, God, I hope this guy can help me out. All 3 of us need food... his wife calls after him,Wife - ""Is something wrong, my dear?""He's at the door.Husband - ""I'm afraid we can't do anything for you...""No option to barter... no option to talk. I need this food, I need to eat, my guys back at the shelter are starving I don't know what to... the shovel is equipped....Husband - ""What are you doing...? Put it down.""*PAUSE*Husband - ""Put it down, please""Oh, Jesus, don't plead with me. I'm the desperate one here, I'm the one who should be pleading with you. But I can't. I'm so sorry...Husband - ""Jelena, run!""Wife - ""BANDITS! HELP!""The man bolts downstairs to the basement, but Jelena unwittingly heads straight for me.Jelena - ""I'm calling for help!""It is a 'double-tap' affair. The lady hits the floor, after 1 more hit than I had predicted.Husband - ""What was that...? No, it's can't be! Please, speak to me!""The man runs back up from the basement to discover his own personal hell in front of him. Standing there, over his dead wife. He cries for help moments before the second blow, but I assume there is no help coming...--------This place is a gold mine. There's enough food to take home, including some more to come back for. I rinse the refrigerator, and the closet, but my bag is full before I even reach the other 2 floors. On return, my scavenger is not in the high spirits of someone who has found enough food to last a few days. She wishes she had never left the shelter. It would appear her actions have taken over her, and she continues to regret her decisions. I knew there was a reason I should have build that ♥♥♥♥ing radio.--------On return to the house, the new scavenger raids the leftovers and finds a letter.""A letter from Grandpa Bernard to Alen""""We're happy to learn that you've come to like living with auntie. The war is not that bad, it's just not for children. In fact, they say it will be over soon, so don't worry about us. Grandma is feeling better. She asked me not to tell you, but she's saving some flour to make you those cookies you like! And as for me... well, I promise you to repair the swing when you are back""."
76561197980526599,Recommended,282070,32784861,Posted: 25 June,all,LangWang420,"I hate to say I really ""Like"" this game....but I have traveled 3 times to the Syrian border by myself and have first hand witnessed the suffering of Syrian refugees. This game does depict the reality of war....and many kudos to the developers that do this to help those that suffer from war."
,Recommended,282070,13051961,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The_Cakra,"I barely made to day 10 on my first 3 hours of gameplay. Scavanged old couple house (and hit the old man with a shovel of course), ignored to help a man who was going to save his baby (he was shot down by a sniper anyway and the baby couldn't make it), and one of my men got killed when he was trying to save a homeless guy.Those stuff, are the 3 examples of the situations you're going to see in this game. You need to choose a very tough decission. You may use your instinct to do that, but you'll regret it later. If you killed a guy, it will give your survivor(s) a morale hit. If the situations are worsen, they might commit suicide and the game ends.The game provides an experience of war seen from an entirely new angle. There aren´t just soldiers fighting for their lives, there are groups of civilians too, fighting for their own life. Struggling with lack of food, medicine and constant danger from snipers and hostile scavengers. You can't change the way the world works, but the world will push you to change the way you live. This game will show who you truly are. In the end of the day, as long as you live on this planet, you will realise, you are not as nice as you thought.TL;DR : Whatever decission i chose in the game, it gives my men and I a morale hit and makes me think what i have done to my life. This game makes me to change my mindset about how the world works and I think, i've become a better person (not sure though)"
76561198088446752,Recommended,282070,30493841,Posted: 13 March,all,chesscougar736,"I would highly recommend this game to anyone as a poignant and thought-provoking experience. It really lends a new perspective to experience war as a normal person just trying to survive rather than a godlike human war machine wreaking havoc.That said, I would not describe it as an enjoyable game in the slightest. It is a depressing view of something utterly awful that should never have existed, and if you get anything of value out of the game it will leave you miserable. But it will also leave you a better person than you were before."
76561198026872065,Recommended,282070,19454059,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,DrVaughn,"War is raging outside...First few days for us weren't that bad considering the circumstances. Pavle found heaps of materials, spare parts, wood. Pretty soon we were able to fortify our home. We grew accustomed to it. In the beginning we got raided on what felt like a regular basis. And they always went for the food and water. It got tougher.Everyday we listened to the radio. Gotta know what's going on out there, right? Radio has been telling us about an increasing rate of crimes and robberies. No♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sherlock...We got hungry. Then we got very hungry. Night came and again our home was chosen for a raid. But not this time. We closed every hole in our walls and we were armed - well we had a shovel - but it worked. We managed to fend of our first raid. Things were looking up. Then it drew on us. What good is all our wood, fortification and our shovel, if we can't eat.We've scavenged quite a few locations by now. Always came back with our backpacks filled to the brim, but lacking food and water. We grew sad. One of us grew ill. We gave him some medication and let him sleep it off. The rest of us sat down on our two armchairs around our radio, listening to classical music. It felt strange to sit on those comfy armchairs, fancy music echoing from the walls, while we were lacking the bare essentials. My stomach rumbled, then somebody knocked on the door.It was a woman, self proclaimed singer. A cheery girl in a good physical condition. She asked if she could stay with us. We weren't even able to feed three people but hell, I liked her. We let her stay with us. She might be able to lift our spirits. A good girl she was.Night came once more. With all of us quite shaken up from the dire situation, we sent the new girl out to scavenge. The other three of us were close to starvation. What happened then, is what the new girl told us the next morning.While we fended off yet another raid, she did...well, what had to be done. You know, there was this lonely elderly couple living just a few blocks from us. Our new girl visited them. They asked her to leave, to spare their food. They begged her. When she began ransacking through their stuff, they fled to the attic. Waiting for everything to be over. We took their food, took their water. Even took some jewelry for bartering later down the road. We did not take their medical supplies...they would need them pretty soon...thanks to what we took from them.Next day the new girl told us about that night while we ate our first cooked meal in days. We were still hungry. What have we done? Depression took the better part of us and we spent the day together around the radio - comforting each other. That night, everybody stayed at home. Everybody slept.Couple of days later, things are not as bad. We're still kinda sad and food is an ongoing issue, but we managed to build a device to collect and filter rainwater and we caught our first small animals to fight the hunger. Supply around town is running low though and we need to take bigger risks. We built knives. Everyone of us has one now. Our home stands. Each night one of us is going out there to provide for the group. Until now, they've always returned. And until now, only once, we had to do the bad thing. Until now..."
76561198020085437,Recommended,282070,12944771,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Nokzen,"Had to kill an old innocent couple to get their food so i could survive my self.Awesome game, good atmosphere, Crafting, looting and making tough choices.I recommend this game.http://youtu.be/fh9WFyC1XTQ"
,Recommended,282070,22783864,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,JAX,"This game is amazing yet depressing, it sends a powerful message about the negative effect of the war on people in a very realistic way which is something new considering all other games make you the hero that stopped the war.You take control of three people who couldn't leave the city and they're trapped waiting for cease fire trying to survive in every possible way. You face hard decisions tough situations and very tricky moments along the way, this game has amazing visuals very good atmosphere and sounds Smart gameplay and is done brilliantly. And it has a nice integration with the steam workshop for extended gameplay. Very good game."
76561198050169842,Recommended,282070,16325931,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,:(,Stole from an old couple.Everyone was sad.Killed homeless guy.Everyone was sad.Killed bandit.Fellow bandits mourned loss then shot me in the face with a shotgun.10/10
,Recommended,282070,28732487,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hansen,I almost cried after I had my character rob/kill an elderly couple with a hatchet for a bottle of pills and some scraps of meat.Than my character just got depressed. As I. So we hang up ourselves together.10/10 will play again just to get depressed
,Recommended,282070,32639199,Posted: 22 June,all,ArtemisLocheia,"PSA: this game is hella depressing, if your characters kill people they will become depressed, then broken, then die.This game isn't about soldiers killing the bad guys, it isn't about average people who mow down armies of bad guys either, this is about average people trying to survive while battling with others and themselves.I didn't play this game for a good time though, I played it for the emotions, and boy there are a lot of emotions, most of them being varying degrees of sadness.I almost cried when the first guy left the house, 10/10, would cry again."
,Recommended,282070,12942640,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Crom The Beast,"A great story of survival in which making choices of what to take home, the moral choices you need to take, and just the day by day survival just grows bleaker.If you're into a sleek stealth, survival management game than I would say give this title a try. The choices only get harder as time moves forward, and sometimes the lines between right and wrong become blurred when it comes to surviving. Are you a good? Are you bad? It really comes down to if you're going to see another day.The first time of deciding should I bring home some scraps to build an upgraded stove, or the extra herbs to make some medicine for a member of my group who was wounded in a raid alone was a hard choice to make in the longevity of my groups survival. Be prepared for some darker days as it doesn't get any better going forward. Great game to pick up for the asking price."
,Recommended,282070,13006659,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ivanst321,"This game is REALLY GOODFor the size below 1GB this game is a masterpieceNot only it has a good atmosphere and gives us a view of war from different anglesThe gameplay itself is very goodYou have to live everyday scavenging food, making tools, and take care about otherI am REALLY satisfied with this game.What could be improved in this game?Well I know it's very hard, but random generating will make the game much more interesting, if not, there should be workshop for people to make a new places to scavange.But right now I myself don't mind paying more for DLC that adds new places.And another thing is, only 1 person can scavange each night, which make almost no point in allowing lots of people in our home. 3 person could do a basic things, 4 person can defend home pretty good, but not 5. If we can bring more than 1 person to scavange each night, or maybe send them at different places and play them 1 by 1. It will be goodOther than that, this game is EPIC!!"
,Recommended,282070,13011606,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TragicFame,The game really questions your morals and asks what would you do to survive. Really like it
76561198029300085,Recommended,282070,13102176,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Overpaz,"Moody and grim survival game with random elements that keeps on challenging the player. Very difficult if you want to ""do it right"" in the dark times of war."
76561197962168936,Recommended,282070,12970846,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,00th_Thundersnow,"Appocolypic Survial Base Building done right!This game injects into the gaming world a new way of survival base building that will revolutionize the future of its genre!It's not a console-type sidescroller like Sonic the Hedgehog or something.  You get a base, and you have to send a guy out each night to forage for food, supplies, guns, etc.  But the beauty is, its slim pickens out there.  So its a constant struggle to survive and keep healthy, fed and mentally sound.The things you can build in your base will heavily determine the future of your lives.Its a grind, but one that's been sorely needed in the world of survival games."
,Recommended,282070,28828288,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shekelstein,"It's dark, it's frustrating, it's tense, every move could be a mistake, you have a constant feeling of despair, time is a valuable rarity as well as everything else, every person could be a danger to you and the people around you, you cannot ""undo"" any actions, and every day could be your last.And you will love every second of it."
,Recommended,282070,13904675,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Jaxar,"This War of Mine is like nothing I have ever played before. I thought going into it that it was a platformer of sorts, but it’s actually closer to being a real time strategy game. The whole game revolves around keeping a group of survivors alive for the duration of the war, which includes keeping them fed, rested, warm, treated for any sickness (meds) or wounds (bandages) and also keeping tabs on their mental wellbeing, which I learned early on is very important as I lost a character to suicide.The gameplay basically revolves around activities in your safe house during the day, which include things like building beds, stoves, work benches, etc and then building and managing supplies like food, fuel for the heater, filters for clean water,  and ammo etc.  As night falls, you have to choose which characters will sleep, which will guard and which will go scavenging for supplies. You have to balance sleeping with guarding, as you can’t let your people get too tired, but you also run the risk of getting raided each night by bandits, which leaves you with supplies stolen and possibly wounded characters.Scavenging at night, now this is where the real fun of it came in for me. You can’t go in guns blazing as you usually scored yourself a pretty quick death. In the end I found the most effective form of combat was to hide in the shadows, and bait each enemy close to me so I could finish them with my knife. But, you have to balance who you kill as killing can have huge consequences on your team’s mental health. In the end it was easier to only kill when needed, as I didn’t have to worry about anyone getting sad or depressed.All in all I had a heap of fun learning the game, and after having just completed my first play through, I look forward to playing through again with all the tricks that I learnt.  I highly recommend this game for all fans of strategy or even just someone looking for something a little different. Even at full price, I think there is a lot of fun to be had."
76561198083051609,Recommended,282070,23741768,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jib the Jab,"This game is beautifully depressing. You start out as a small group of people with a few materials to work with at your disposal, but all that changes at night, where you can have one of them go out looting. This can be dangerous, or even heart-breaking: in some places, there may be threat, while in others you could steal a dying man's medicine for a hurt member in your group. No matter what you decide, your group as a whole and as individuals will be affected physically and emotionally. This game is hard to play at times, because it can get so. sad. That said, I whole-heartedly recommend This War of Mine, because I feel it's an experience every gamer needs to have."
76561198036238763,Recommended,282070,12962730,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Released On Parole(TyJudy),"Day 0- My god, The destruction... I still can't believe the military are shelling us... They're monsters...Day 1: I met up with two other people, Pavle and Katia. At the moment we are about to scavenge this house we may make our base in.Day 3- Sorry for the lack of Entries, But we've been busy removing these piles of rubble. We managed to pick a lock on a locker, we found some medication and a knife.Day 4: A man with a big sack came to the door today. He said he would like to trade, We traded meds for Some Smokes. Just blaze in da' Russia Of A'.Day 5- Two kids came to the door, we Couldn't help them. We decided it would be best to put them out of their misery, So we invited them in and told them to look at the roses. What followed was a gunshot and a stab wound. We're burying the ""Goldfishes"" in the backyard now.Day 6: Pavle went to help pull some people out of rubble, Bless his heart. Meanwhile Katia and I are making M00nshine.YEEEHAW.Day 9-Pavle... He... He... Didn't come back. But he did... OH GOD HE DID.... They brought him here... RIddled with bullets... those b@stards at the hotel... Revenge will be ours.Day 10:Katia is dead now... She hung herself. I am currently gearing up my Shovel, My knife and my pistol with one bullet in it. I am eating a turnip as I march up the the hotel.Day 11-This is it... My last entry. I picked the lock on a door, and let a captive out. He ran away, and they've discovered their friend with a slit throat... They're approaching my hiding place... I think this is it. Goodbye, AND MOST IMPORTANTLY... MY MOON SHINE RECIPE, the thing that started this war Is the followin-The rest was unreadable, Unfortunately the rest of the page was riddled with bullets. We will continue to fight bandits, and the army. Courtesy of the Rebel Army.-Allah Ackbar, Of the Rebellion"
,Recommended,282070,13683481,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,fug4life,"My first point and click game in probably 20 years, completely out of my comfort zone and addicted.Love the war torn aesthetics of the game, the graphics, animation and sound are all very pleasing. There's nothing I do not like about the game.If in doubt you should just go ahead and buy it. Swietna Gra!"
,Recommended,282070,30851081,Posted: 31 March,all,Wesson,"""The baby carriage isn't empty. A few objects lie scattered inside - a rattle, a smiling red crab, well worn by baby teeth, a feeding bottle half-full of congealed mass that was probably a baby formula. Someone must have left in a terrible rush... or maybe didn't need them anymore.""The void in my chest man.Never felt so bad buying a game at -75% off, so I had to buy another copy + The Little Ones for Android for a full price.Get it, you won't regret it."
76561198068325674,Recommended,282070,13011491,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,General Bud,"Started out as good innocent people, the desperate times came commited murder, stole stuff, fights started over bad doings, people died game over...Depressing as hell11/10 will kill myself again"
,Recommended,282070,13005250,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Șomer Simpson,"Nothing beats the feeling you get when, between the sound of constant shelling, you hear a baby crying, knowing that his dad may never hold him in his arms again."
,Recommended,282070,26398642,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,© Blackday,"This game...sorry to refer this as a game it is actually more then just a game when you are into it, the decisions you make solely reflect your real actions during such conditions. I'm really thankful to my ancestors that us the new generation (most of us) have not been through such tough times. To be honest when I'm playing this game I make every move with such care and the fear of losing the character is so real as if I'm facing a real war scenario, I hope such fierce conditions which are torturing and mind breaking are not faced by anyone and this game has made me realised that. PEACE!!"
,Recommended,282070,13405154,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,CUDGEdaveUK,"Sad,cruel,grim and depressing.....I like it."
,Recommended,282070,18374915,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,bluezhaan,"Most fun and uplifting game I've ever played, evokes the euphoria of a childhood visit to disneyland."
,Recommended,282070,15496346,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Bobbi Deniro,"Almost made me cry, the way he kneeled with his wife to pray that I wouldn't take her medications. Their prayers were answered... this time.10/10"
76561198136739534,Recommended,282070,13702446,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,"hkiss02, am not dead","I punched a couple of elderly people to death so I could take the old man's heart medicine as a trading resource, and then I found a note to their grandchildren that said something about how the war hasn't affected them much and that as soon as the siege ended they would invite the kids over and make their favorite cookiesThis game plays with your emotions. It will make you smile with delight. It will make you cry. It will make you frustrated. But it is a great survival game that shows war from a whole new perspective, the perspective of civilians trying to make do with what the soldiers and looters haven't already destroyed.EDIT: Someone found this review funny? Wow, you must have no heart xD"
,Recommended,282070,12942398,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,☭ jumin121 ☭,"This game is just well sad, and it makes you realise the cruelties of war, it makes you look at war from the perspective of the average civilian and not the military or government, it is a greatly unique game and there are none like it, this game really makes you think"
,Recommended,282070,15104625,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Crying,"I would like to start this review by stating the fact that this was the first game that I FULLY played through. Before I had good games, bad games, but I always restarted them after learning a new tip, or if somebody died, etc. So this was the first playthrough I went with all the way. Now we can begin.I had just unlocked a new story, with a set of some of my favorite characters, so of course I reset my current game to try out this new set of characters that I was rather excited to play as!But, as the camera started to pan into the house, I noticed it was snowing.I got a winter start. I didn't know what to do, I had never survived to winter before! So I went about as usual, not noticing that I already had a furnace down in the bedroom. Night hit and I just did what I normally do, scavenge for materials then come back and build. But when I came back both of the people I had left at the base were ill, so I let them rest and rinse and repeat a few days.At about Day 6, Marin became terminally ill, he was going to die. I scrounged up my tobbaco, made some cigs, and traded for some meds at the Military Outpost. But, apperantly I stayed to long, and after trading a soldier opened fire on me, hoping to get their supplies back. I ran back with the meds, albiet with Katia wounded, and was going to give them to Marin, but the other survivor, Arica, had also fallen terminally ill, and was dieing. I had to choose between Arica and Marin, and I chose Arica. She still had a chance, she could survive!They both survived longer than expected, but Marin was constantly ill, and never did anything other than eat.At around day 8-9, I went on a scavenging run with the now slightly better Arica, to an apartment building inhabited by a small family. I ran into the middle of the house, opened the fridge, stole everything in there, and ran out before the eldest son could shoot me. When I got back, everybody was absolutley torn at what I did, and they all sat on the floor and just stayed there, wasting a day, and a night, as they did nothing.That night, Marin left the group, leaving a Broken Arica and a depressed Katia in his once home. I didnt have anything to do for the next 2 days-nights, so I waited.On day 13, Arica died due to diesease, and then there was one, a heartbroken Katia. She sat on the floor all day, and did nothing. And that night, she commited suicide by cutting her wrists, and laying on her bed.There was nobody left, the base was empty, other than the faint smell of blood.At the end of the game, you get a runthrough of all the important events that happened, and what happened to the characters after the war, no matter if you win or lose.As I sat and watched what happened during the game, I realized how much I would be torn if I had to do these things, and then I felt bad. I felt pity for pixels on my computer screen. They felt like real people, they had stories, and it tore at my heart. And as I read what happened to each of the people after the war, I nearly broke out in tears.Marin took a action figure toy talked about in his bio, and left. He was never found.In Arica's section it talked about what she might have become if she lived.And in Katia's section, it said she couldn't take the war anymore, slit her wrists, and layed down in bed clutching her war diary, her parents also never found out what happened to her.This War of Mine deserves all the praise it gets, as it tears at your hearts with its amazing storytelling and great gameplay. I recommend this game to the end of space and beyond."
76561198041664976,Recommended,282070,13033368,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Drkwok2,"Better game, than Assassins Creed Unity, Call of Duty, Far Cry 4, and any other crap $60 game released this month, beautifully original, fun, challenging gameplay for only $20...You can't go wrong with this game, it is absolutely amazing, highly, HIGHLY, recommended"
76561198007300752,Recommended,282070,31168651,Posted: 15 April,all,Blackadar,"This is one of those cases where the concept and cause actually overshadow the game and make the reviews more positive than they should be. This War of Mine simply isn't as good as its review scores. You have to separate the actual game from the exceptionally good social work and awareness the devs are doing. On the latter front, the devs deserve massive applause and praise.But I'm not here to evaluate the social implications of a game. I'm here to evaluate the game itself. On that note, This War of Mine (TWoM) is a decent but not exceptional game.The game takes place in the middle of a war and instead of being Rocket Roger Rambo killing everything, you're just a starving civilian (well, 3 of them to start) trying to get by. You're trying to find enough food and fuel to keep yourself alive  for another day. You're trying to not get sick, blow your brains out or get shot in the head while scavenging for supplies as the bitter winter and bitter reality of your existence set in.The game is broken up into two parts. The first is during the day working around your ramshackle house to grow food, get clean water, board up the windows and not freeze to death. There will be people who come to your door but for the most part this is just inventory management and prioritization - do you use that water to make food, alcohol you hope to trade or just for drinking water? The second part of the game is taking one of those characters and scavenging for supplies at a location. You'll have a general idea of the danger when you go, but you won't know what you'll find until you get there...and most things that go bump in the night aren't in your favor.So the game wants to put you in moral dilemmas like the choice between stealing someone's supplies or letting your housemate die of illness. Some starving kids come to your door - do you give them some of your meager rations or turn them away hungry? That kind of narrative and difficult choices are the crux of the game.Before getting into the game play, I'd like to give this game serious props for the art style and music. Both are exceptional and give the game a distinctive look and sound that add to the experience. There's also a decently healthy mod community even if most of the mods are nothing more than extra characters. All of this adds value to your purchase.At the same time, the game play can be a bit lackluster. Your interactions between characters are limited and thus you're just directing them during the day to make whatever stuff you have around to use. It's repetitive and often breaks down into nothing more than inventory management while out on your nightly raids as you're severely limited in backpack space. These characters must have alligator arms to only be able to carry so little. The constructs of such limited carrying capacity and only one person who can go on these nightly pickups enforces scarcity while building during the daytime. I understand while they are in the game - but both of them just seems entirely artifical and unnecessary.The inventory management is bland. The combat controls aren't great. There are about 25 or so locations in the game and so replay value gets a little thin as only the supplies seem to be randomized. Like most games of this type, once you hit a particular level of supplies the game can get pretty easy.Still, these issues can be overcome. If you like exploring like me then you'll enjoy going to a new area and wondering what is around every corner in this new building. You'll be excited to find a cache of needed medicine or food. The scarcity will force you into searching areas that you'd like to avoid. And you'll breathe a big sigh of relief when you can get that farm going to keep your guys from starving to death. So even while there are downsides, it can still be an enjoyable time. And again, the game play isn't terrible - it's just been done better elsewhere by many other games. But it's still a decent formula made stronger by the setting and music.Before I sign off on this review, I have one major bone to pick with TWoM. The actions / reactions of the characters aren't realistic at times and that's pretty awful in a game about surviving the horors of war. I basically had one game fall apart when my own home-grown character decided to become super depressed when all he was doing is defending himself from evil bandits. It started a downward spiral that just ruined that experience for me. As someone who was once in a war zone, that's not really accurate for many people who understand that they were just protecting themselves. In a game about the realities of war, overly emotional reactions to events can be a pretty large issuee. Luckily this doesn't come up in every game and you can always try to roll play around it.PS - Get the War Child DLC. It can add some different interactions and family units and it's for a good cause."
76561197971628333,Recommended,282070,29754938,Posted: 6 February,all,Modranto,"War is hell, even for the noncombatants entangled in the conflict.Summary:By flipping the script and focusing on civilians trapped in a war torn city, 11 bit studios has created a more humanized and poignant type of war game. The game will run you through a range of emotions from starvation induced desperation, to the guilt and rationalization of a thief, to the heartwarming joy of a rare display of camaraderie among neighbors.Much like the citizens trapped in this war, you won't receive any guidance on how best to survive. Controls are very simple and intuitive, allowing the challenge to come from how you manage resources and respond to events. My chief complaint toward this phenomenal game is that it can be too slow at times, making me wish there were a fast forward button.A couple tips: Don't spoil the experience by looking up guides until completing at least one playthrough on your own; overcoming adversity is part of the fun. Alt+Tab consistently crashed the game for me, test it on your system after the start of a new day (when saves occur).Full review:Like a microcosm of the split, warring factions of the city, the civilians have also fractured into small, wary, tribe-like groups. Some are willing to trade with you while others will shoot you on sight. The small group that you watch over consists of one to four people depending on which scenario you play. These are drawn from a modest collection of realistic characters. Each has a backstory and reason for being in the city when the fighting began. Don't mistake this for a heavily text driven narrative kind of game. It uses just enough text to set the stage and then lets you experience and create your own stories.There is a realistic but sometimes burdensome level of variation in how useful each character is. They all have one unique talent that they excel at as well as some hidden general competency statistics. The imbalance among them can make some playthroughs significantly tougher than others. Overall, the game will test you mightily as you learn the ropes but actually became too easy once I had discovered enough ways to boost my efficiency.Playing as nonviolently as I could limited my combat experience but when I did fight, I found it to be awkward. It is largely dependent on your equipment and whether you get the drop on your opponent, rather than any player skill.One cool tool that the developers use to feed you information without breaking immersion is the radio. It can give you updates on the war's status, tips on what goods are able to be bartered at a higher price due to scarcity, weather forecasts and more. Winter is the most brutal period to make it through and you will want to know when it is coming.This game's muted color palate and heavy use of black is what I would call subtly beautiful. It effectively communicates the grimness of the setting. A sketchy, pencil-like visual effect lends a hand drawn quality to its 3D animation. I'd also like to highlight the differences in how each character moves and holds themselves. Their personalities are imbued into their movements in a way that I don't recall seeing very often in video games.Adding to the atmosphere is a mostly downbeat soundtrack reminiscent of The Last of Us. It has character without becoming too busy for the mood it is trying to set. I like the music, but there are few enough tracks that repetition eventually began to wear on me. The soundtrack is included as a free DLC.I would like to encourage anyone who buys and likes the game to pick up the War Child Charity DLC. It only adds a little artwork to the game but 100% of the proceeds go to charity. You can choose to pay 1$, 10$ or 20$ for it. I skipped The Little Ones DLC but its recent price drop makes it more enticing.A final note on game length: My first playthrough took 13.5 hours, the second lasted 11.5 hours, and my final two took a combined 10.8 hours. The final one was a custom scenario designed to be shortened by the optional Anniversary Edition ending attached to the ""Epilogue: Exodus"" achievement (an annoyingly difficult to accomplish task during regular play, but still fun to experience once)."
76561198042892836,Recommended,282070,12960876,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Nicky_,"I feel the pain and emotion in each death. It will bring you down inside. That said, this game is truly amazing and accurate to life. This is a must get inde game and will not disappoint. I'm not use to this kind of game but I love it. great job devs!"
76561198039710976,Recommended,282070,12960242,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,guinness_pete,"this game is a very thought provoking one, it gives you choices that really do mean something, it's almost impossible to survive long without doing something that you wish you had'nt, i killed two people just to get what i needed, i find myself quite upset that i had to, even though it's not real life, the actual thought that i would have to do that disturbs me, the fact that there are people in the world having to make choices like this for real in syria for example, brings home that war is a game best not played"
,Recommended,282070,27907804,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,raion,"kill people to survive, get depressed, then kill yourself.100/10 will play again just to get depressed"
,Recommended,282070,13015587,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,"Donnatella ""Donna"" Moss","If you're a fan of State of Decary, The Walking Dead or DayZ and like the choices you have to make in those games while scavenging for food and supplies, but wish there was a game that had a much more likely viewpoint (a war) with believable characters, a depressing world and more moral ambiguity then in The Last of Us, buy this game right now."
,Recommended,282070,13976755,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton",this game is the most fun you can have slowly starving to death in a war-torn wasteland while trying to convince yourself that you're fine and that it doesn't really matter that a looter stole the last can of food that you were saving for an emergency while you were sleepingplease help me
,Recommended,282070,13209032,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,RegSizedRudy,"This is one of the best games I have ever played.Wow... 24 hours have passed since I finshed my first complete play through .....  I still feel it , I dont want to play again because the characters were all so real , I dont want to mess up that memory, even though I know there is still a lot of replay value.The first few times I played through I was learning and messing around.  When I got serious and actually wanted to play to the end , and see if this war would ever end , that is when I really started having fun.I had one crash to desktop the entire time I played it , and when I loaded back I had to do a day over, but it never happened again so it didnt bother me.What a great experience ! 10/10"
76561198353106132,Recommended,282070,29819246,Posted: 10 February,all,♥♥Solwolf♥♥,"We can play this game in two ways. 1. treated it as just a game. 2. ""feel"" the game.Getting more food is easy, just steal/rob from other poor/helpless survivors.I tried to ""feel"" the game. I am a poor survive, I saw people kill/rob/steal from other people inorder to survive. How do I react ?Thieves and robbers, oftenly they came to our place trying to steal/rob from us.My three people have no food to eat for two days, is it a good excuse to steal from other poor people like us?For me, I played the game under two rules.1. I don't steal from other poor people.2. I don't kill and tried to avoid killing other poor people. Unless being attack. Even being attack, if they stop I stop.But I will kill the armed thugs and bad soldiers if needed.It's more challenging and more meaningfull playing in this way.Anyone agree?"
,Recommended,282070,25617391,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Pyon da Bunnibal,"I made my character Marko sneak into other people's shelter, kill everyone then steal everything. we were doing pretty fine, secure shelter, lots of food and med. on day 11, he hung himself cuz apparently he had conscience. wtf Marko, i thought we were in this together."
,Recommended,282070,23342082,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,mr.Catfish,"sorry sir, ma'am... i need foods... and my friend is sick*equip shovel*"
,Recommended,282070,13173395,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bacchus,"This War Of Mine is an artistic and entertaining experience that most will never forget. The decisions made can have a large effect on the way you view yourself sometimes. I looked at myself in the mirrior and said ""did I really have to do that"". The perspective is a much more entertaining experience than todays military shooters. You are a survivor in a besieged city in a war torn country. You improve your house by day and scavenge by night. The artistic graphics give the game the right mood for a great experience.  I would recommend this game to all gamers who love the survival and story genres.Edit: Still a good game"
76561198135111490,Recommended,282070,24396010,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dis Guy,"- Went inside a destroyed house to scavenge- Game said ""beware of bandits lurking around""- Went in the living room- Random guy screams ""get out now!""- Guy shoots me- I shoot back and kill him- I hear a woman say ""honey? are you ok?""- I said to myself ""uh oh! that ain't good""- I hear a teen say ""dad?""- I said to myself ""OH FOR ****'S SAKE REALLY!""- Woman enters, starts screaming ""oh my god honey! please be alright!"" and starts crying- Teen screams ""Dad? OH MY GOD DAD! MOM GO HIDE!""- I ran towards the exit LMAOI blame the game instructions! it said ""beware of bandits lurking around""Next time tell me ""be careful of families too!""Still... Would rate 10/10 for how the family ai reacts to someone's death xD"
,Recommended,282070,24479345,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,r2j2612,"The Anti-Call Of Duty Simulator...Bringing out the real facets of a war and what people go through, scavenging for simple things which we take granted on a daily basis. Moving, Emotional and Heart-Felt. Made me weigh in every decision or every location I thougt of visiting."
,Recommended,282070,17157621,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Yggdrasil,A great game about psychological hardship and the emotional turmoil during a war.
76561198080152550,Recommended,282070,13132963,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,I had to kill an old man with my bare hands just to get some meds for my sick girl friend.I got so depressed from killing him I had to distill some moonshine.I got so drunk I beat up my best friend.I guess no one will eat tomorrow.At least we have this radio and moonshine while we wait for a shell or sniper to put us out of our misery.......most depressing game ever.
,Recommended,282070,18065324,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,MixA4,"Me: ""Hello, yes, I'd like to order a large outstanding game, with relatable characters, a real world struggle, and with a side of beautiful art and excellent soundtrack.""11-Bit Studios: ""That'll be $14.99 at the next window, would you also like to donate a dollar to the War Child Effort?""Me: ""Uh, yes please.""11-Bit Studios: ""Your total is going to be $15.99, please pull up to the next window.""*Pays for game, opens it.""Me: ""Oh my God, it's got feels all over it!""Seriously, buy the game."
76561197979756445,Recommended,282070,12942335,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BlezzDK,"This game is a 10/10 for me. Its really good graphics i like the dark and very sad style. They really caught the perfect mood and i find myself being sad and felling bad for the actions i had to do for surviving.As a little group civilians that is caught in the middel of a war, you need to find food and basic ressources to survive in a pretty sad hidding place, you need to improve your hidding to try and get a better mood and to try to forget the terrible war raging outside your door.When night comes you will have to scavenge, find places that are empty for people or go in and rob or even kill to get the stuff you need. But remember to have people to watch your own house, because every one is in need for stuff.This game really caught so many forms of sadnes and regret, it makes me live in to the world and its really interesting made. I want to see more of this type of games and hope that they have some great ideas to future updates. Clearly worth the price no question about that.One last thing guys...... Enjoy the game."
,Recommended,282070,20149437,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Stevey The Ex-Eevee,This Depression of Mine
,Recommended,282070,13030870,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,~ Molly ~,"You do everything to stay alive in the world with a war and the danger all around.Whatever you are, a good person or not, this game will change the way you think and will make you do everything in order for you and people in your group to survive. Steal, kill are the only way for you to get something back to your group.Old couple who had many food and medic, the old lady sick as same as your group, she got 4 medicine and about 6 cans of food. I don't have any option left, must steal from her or let my people die. The old lady saw me in, she freak out and slowly run away, the old guy run to me and told me ""please, take whatever you want just don't hurt us"" I cried and quiet the game, feel guilty a lot even it just a game.This game will let you feel how bad the wars situation are, and make you do everything, every possible ways to lived on, whenever you need to do it or not."
,Recommended,282070,13001142,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,nani the fuck,"Gritty. Grueling. Unforgiving. Depressing. Dark.  ...Beautiful. Those are all the words that come to my mind when I think of this game. Not joking when I say that I legitamately cried when I killed a couple just for their food with a knife... in their own home. Even worse? I was doing what I would do in a situation like this IRL on that playthrough. I panicked IRL. Legit.Unlike games which claim to be about survival such as DayZ or H1Z1, this game is legitamately about survival. Your survivors get hungry. They get tired. They have emotions. Hell, they can even get addicted to drugs and alcohol. And they can even commit suicide if they get sad enough. Trust me when I say this is a true survival game. A ROLE MODEL for all survival games in the making, and already released. Not to mention, the replayability in this game is tremendous. I've played on different playthroughs about 5 or 6 times now. (thanks my friend Hoplite for reminding me of this)Though there are some bugs and not very much to do at your shelter during the day after you build everything you need and do everything you need to do in a day for your survivors, there is lots to do in this game. Remember to get several boxes of tissues though. Like, 10 boxes. Maybe 15.9.5/10 from me. If anything mentioned above is what interests you, get this game right now. There's a very good reason for why the reviews for this game on Steam are ""Overwhelmingly Positive""."
76561197988709901,Recommended,282070,12980185,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Sovereign_2183,"This is the kind of game that will make you wonder about what kind of person you are. Is it worth killing helpless innocents for a couple days' worth of food? Will you help the weak out of kindness? Or will you rob everyone blind in the sheer desire to survive? Sure, you can say ""it's just a game"", but it's impossible to avoid the feeling that your actions here might well mirror your true inclinations. So what's more important, survival or your humanity? Or can you preserve both? There are moments of both incredible kindness and cruelty to be found within, and they stir something in the human soul that I've rarely seen in games. From running a gauntlet of sniper fire to help a wounded father reunite with his infant son to murdering an elderly couple for their meager goods, it's impossible to play this game without thinking, ""Could that be me? Would I do that? Could I rise that high, sink that low?"" And that is the brilliance, the poetry, of this game."
,Recommended,282070,12999591,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,d.Alphad115,A very grim game that puts you into the feet of survivors which end up in the middle of a civil war. Moral decisions from stealing from bandits to killing innocent elders to get their food for your group well being. This game makes you witness all the horrors of the war that are not seen by the naked eye. Makes you think about your actions and shows you how each and every action will have some sort of reciprocation. You have to play it to witness it yourself.Absolutely amazing art style and soundtrack (even if it can get slightly repetitive). Definitely a contender if not an early victor for the Indie game of the year! Absolutely astonishing.9/10 in my books!
,Recommended,282070,20406519,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,tieio,"The tags don't do this game justice but then, the depth is more than you can fit into 5 tags. I see why this game has Overwhelmingly Positive reviews. What a terrific gaming experience!"
76561198081848869,Recommended,282070,29481804,Posted: 25 January,all,Captain Blackadder,I give thiscrippling depression / 10
,Recommended,282070,13063820,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sovrin,"10/10 would replay again.I don't usually enjoy games where all you do is click, so starting this game I didn't think I'd spend more then twenty minutes max playing it. However, I took a break after 2 hours of continuous gameplay and had yet to get tired of the plot and goal. The goal itself is simple- survive. Many games use this as a goal, however This War of Mine brilliantly and impressively conveys the realism whilst having very simple gameplay. Other games tend to sugar coat the effects and attempt to make up for it through complexity and empty substance. This War of Mine hits the mark amazingly, and definitely is worth the buy. No ""ragrets""."
,Recommended,282070,34983627,Posted: 15 September,all,Tally,"Beautiful, challenging, and utterly depressing."
76561198036195919,Recommended,282070,32914798,Posted: 27 June,all,PrtGuyPrtShark,"It's heartwrenching, but beautifully done. I think it's a timely and important game. Like nothing I have ever played, but it hits you in the gut. On of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,282070,30066881,Posted: 20 February,all,∆ Psychotic Sushi  ∆,"This game reminds us that not everyone is a hero, not everyone is powerful and mighty. We all can't be the overpowered main character.Join our characters as they experience hellWe are fragileWe are lonelyWe are scaredWe are human"
,Recommended,282070,15896635,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SuperStarAD,"This game is so grim, it makes this goth-ish girl wanna run out and play in the sunshine."
,Recommended,282070,17353872,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Tasty Broccoli,"- Read reviews about how this game plays with your emotions- Me thinking its probably nothing, its a game, I steal and kill who and when I want,how can I feel bad for fictional characters- Buy game- I have to rob from blind grandma, I feel like a loser- Game makes me sad- Cry's in corner10 / 10 would cry again."
,Recommended,282070,20667979,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ursus,"It's hard to recommend this as a game. Not because it's bad, but for me it was way too stressful and depressing.It's definitely quite the experience as it shows hardships of the war from civilian perspective.I don't regret the experience and the money was worth spending, but as mentioned above it's too depressing to actually enjoy.You should definitely experience it."
,Recommended,282070,12955815,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,HereComesMyShotgun,"I rarely ever review games but this game is really deserving of praise albeit it has its few glitches hopefully they'll be fixed very soon, at the time of writing this I've put about two hours in and have yet to become bored it really invokes a sense of fear when you're creeping about and you hear something below or above you, you either prepare to fight or prepare to run.Pros:Really puts you in the moment when you let it take you.Beautiful art design.Really fluid movement, when you get injured it shows.Very difficult if you're not focused and thinking ahead.Albeit same levels but the encounters are different.Cons:Few glitches I've noticed.Repeating levels."
,Recommended,282070,25240180,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Omni,"This was worth every penny spent even though the replay value is in my opinion almost non existent. Once the first story is finished, there really isn't much point in a second play through. Even still, the game is immersive and is very unique. It felt like a combination of Oregon Trail and something entirely more modern. You're faced with some very hard decisions and the wrong decisions become deadly very quickly.Great game."
76561198002641716,Recommended,282070,12996445,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,UNABOMBER,"This War of Mine offers a refreshing concept that is beautifully realized, both in detail and in broad strokes.What does it take to survive when you can't just shoot your way out of every situation?The game puts you in a tight spot: as a civilian trapped in a war zone, you are not the almighty hero this time. You are just another dude who don't have any influence on the outcome of the conflict.You're not fighting for glory or honor, nor king or country. You're fighting for your life, in an unforgiving world where your enemies aren't just soldiers and criminals, but also hunger, sickness, cold and even depression.It's too dangerous outside during the day, so you will spend the time building up your shelter and improving it with fancy amenities such as pallet beds, tin stoves and water filters. During the night, you'll step outside and scavenge the ruined city for food, ammo and resources to keep yourself and your group alive.But it's a war zone after all and everything seems to be in short supply. And winter is right around the corner. Throughout the city, you will meet other people who are in the same situation - deranged loners, vulnerable families, fiercely territorial traders, gun-toting bands of criminals, the military.As the pickings get slimmer by the day, you will have to make some hard choices. Sometimes those choices won't be clear. Sometimes you will have to take split-second decisions without fully understanding the situation and you will only know what really happened after the deed is done.Would you act against your principles and steal thy neighbour's food, dooming them to a slow, agonizing death?Would you share your scarce supplies to visit relief upon complete strangers?You are free to pursue any path you choose, at any time.You can barter and cooperate with friendly neighbours. You can isolate yourself and avoid contact with people outside of your group. You can hunt down criminals for awesome loot. And you can be ruled by your rumbling stomach, killing everyone you meet and stealing whatever you need.The game won't try to steer you in either direction. Every good deed and every line crossed, it's all on you. It's a matter of survival, after all. It's a bleak, unforgiving world out there, and it can really bring out the best - and the worst - in people.When the war is over, how will YOU be remembered?...Besides the great concept, the game is very stable and offers good replay value, as you can have a different starting party, different characters may join your group and different locations will appear in the map in each playthrough.The interface is clear and intuitive, but it will require some reading and trial/error for you to master all the mechanics, since the game doesn't offer a tutorial. Frankly, I don't think it needs one - you will learn fast from your mistakes.Stealth is important, because death is usually sudden - and it's permanent. That is specially true for combat, as you will control only one character when you're out of your shelter. While it is possible to have full-blown shootouts, it's a very risky proposition against large groups (3+). A tactical, silent approach is preferred.Limited inventory space means you will have to make a few trips to the same location in order to pick them clean, so be ready to spend a good amount of time exploring and scavenging.Overall, This War of Mine offers an awesome (albeit a little short) experience for gamers who enjoy stealthy survival games with base management and a healthy dose of tactical combat.If that's your thing, I highly recommend this game."
76561198060203956,Recommended,282070,24592569,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Metsakurat,"This War of Mine is a point and click survival game.Let's start off with the gameplay.Gameplay is quite basic.It plays like your everyday point 'n click adventure game.You point and click where you want to go or what you want your selected character to do. You can control up to four characters and you switch between them by clicking on their portrait pictures.The entire game is played using only your mouse.You literally point 'n click till the end.So the core gameplay is pretty basic.The difficult part is making choices.It's basically a base building survival game. A bit of strategy is involved. You have to choose what to build, when to build. What to upgrade first if upgrade at all. At times people might ask you for favors. You can either choose to help them or not. You can even betray them. You can trade with other NPCs, rob them or even kill them. All this also affects your characters. They might get depressed, sad, cold...or get killed by other NPCs. Yes, your characters can get cold and die from frostbite. They can die from hunger, just leave the shelter or get gunned down.This might sound all too complicated but it really isn't. You will lose 1-2 party members in your first playthrough but after that you should understand how the game works and your 2nd playthrough should be alright...If not perfect.The game ain't actually hard.Now i said ""playthrough"" back there.There is no story.Don't let the game and people fool you.It's basically a glorified survival mode.There is no replay value here. It's true that i've played ""through"" it 4 times but just because i wanted to do a perfect run with the hardest settings (harsh winter, 80 days of survival).Every time you start a game it's pretty much the same thing. It's a survival mode. Nothing more. It's not a bad game. It's very fun, addicting and will keep you playing for at least 2 ""playthroughs"" or till you get a perfect run or get bored. I'd say it is worth the full price if you don't mind point 'click games but don't expect a deep story. There's none. You're just a civilian during a wartime who is trying to survive by looting junk and stealing from elderly people.Definitely a unique take on warbut far from being a masterpiece people claim it to be. In it's core it's still just a simple survival mode.The game also uses cheap techniques to get you killed.People seem unarmed before they start shooting at you and that's very unfair. One of my characters died from frostbite when she was sleeping next to the furnace and it was +18 in the house. How the hell did she die from frostbite?! This is the reason I had to do 4 runs. I HAD to get a perfect run but the game used cheap tricks to get me killed. I never died 'cus the game was hard. The resource management is rather simple and straightforward."
,Recommended,282070,13065146,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,jay,I just want to live but the guilt of hurting others hurts.
,Recommended,282070,14800662,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Aegon Targaryen,Detroit Simulator 2015 - Pretty realistic.
,Recommended,282070,13501752,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Deepeye,"This War of Mine tells the story of a group of survivors in a 2.5D sidescroller at the last month of fictional war in a fictional country which feels so real that you might feel genuinly sad at moments.As a player you are presented with many options on how to survive through the conflict. One might take things by force from others, kill them or rob them and deal with moral consequences afterwards. Another might wish to stick to scavenging and avoiding conflicts, using the gained resources in trading with other survivors to get the much needed items. There is no right way as survival is paramount and war is presented with all its anarchy and cruelty. The choice is based on current situation and willingness of player to follow up on it. Managing your safehouse, resources and characters, deciding every night who should heal/rest, who should guard the house and who would be the one to go out to scavenge or trade provides constant dynamic environment of choice.Mechanics are thought through and hint deep realism of desperate situations - management of water, food, resource expenditure for most pressing issues is vital. As serious all of this might sound the game is fantastically fun as it presents every challenge with a solution and does not make player feel like doing chores, even thought that is what you are doing. The satisfaction of dealing with all the issues is immense and every little bit feels enjoyable - starting from a house full of rubble and thinking how to trap rats, cook food and stoke your boiler with firewood to eventually organizing a fortified safehouse with weapons and autonomous supply of resources and income of trade goods via scavenging.Game presents player with many random situations. Locations rotate from game to game (Diablo 1 quest style or most modern roguelike games) and have different events happening in them. As hospital being shelled in conflict between rebels and military (which you can hear about on crafted radio) giving player an opportunity to help refugees and either donate/trade or take for yourself medications found in the rubble. Almost every action has a moral consequence and characers react based on their background - rebel doesn't mind killing military personnel, former mathematician or lawyer rationalize every misdoing without losing morale, honest people go into depression after tragic events, etc.Visual aspect of the game is pleasant to say the least - pseudo-pencil drawning style with great animations and lighting effects, with slight issues appearing in specific locations due to line of sight. Mechanics are solid and entertaining, with many random factors affecting every playthrough, making gameplay extremely catchy and gravitating. And most importantly the choice and approach is fully in player's hands. Game presents player with difficult situation, how one chooses to go through it is completely up to him/her.9/10"
76561198102025063,Recommended,282070,35318866,Posted: 29 September,all,Shellbacker,"You didn't heed the signs on the walls as you mounted a dusty end table to reach the building's next level. Zlata is terminally sick and you heard there were meds in this old town ruin. After checking the first floor, this was the only way to reach the second level where you saw the infirmary arrow lead. Every other way was caved in and you didn't bring a shovel.For a moment, you thought of her smile and ability to lift everyone's mood with a guitar, that warmth you felt drinking your morning coffee. God, you missed your coffee. The shelter's supply ran out last week and the scarcity has made the good's price skyrocket. You can barely get a cup's worth for a bundle of firewood anymore.Scuffing up the rubble to your feet, you saw the door's lettering on the other side of the room read. Half the infirmary was blown away by the military's shelling. You weren't religious, but you prayed there was some pills left. Zlata wouldn't make it the next couple days without them.You jog over to the shelves next to a maimed patient bed. Sliding the cover open, dust flew out, but then it cleared. There were two bottles left. You took one in your hand and shook it. The sound of pills rattling inside brought a broud smile to your face.That smile, like every smile you've felt since the war started, was short lived.All of a sudden, the shelf cover exploded in front of you, a loud crack tearing through your ears. Was it a rifle or the plastic cover? You've never heard gunfire so close, but that thought didn't occur to you. Suddenly, your chest pounded, heart ablaze with fear. You turned on your heel and lept for the door. It was a reckless gamble. The chances of it being locked were high. Your shoulder crashed against the wood and the door gave. The frame chinked and a bullet ricocheted passed your head. It was so close you felt the air bending to the projectile's force. You scrambled on your knees over the debris and slammed the door behind you, clawing away from it.At last, you noticed how loud and heavy your breathing was in the empy space, almost as loud as your heart thumping in your chest. Your eyes darted over the darkened room, then back to the infirmary door. When you saw it, you laughed a little. Beside the door, written boldly with white chalk on the wall read, 'SNIPER.'~I was legit screaming for my survivor's life. 10/10"
76561198260693519,Recommended,282070,26629652,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,nananana BATMAN!!,"A deeply atmospheric, emotionally compelling game that manages to treat war as a serious topic and examines the hard choices made by those caught in the middle of conflict."
76561198221723928,Not Recommended,282070,25387216,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Pilgrim,"On balance this really isn't a great game.  It DOES hook you in and you find that you have devoted some hours to what is really just boring monotony and after you've invsted tons of hours you are liable to suddenly find your characters quickly all die with little you can do about it.The graphics are basic, essentially you generally control 3+ cartoon like sprites and there is nothing else moving on screen, yet the game hogs CPU resources like you were playing Halo !  Just crazy.The major thing I didn't like about the game is that it appears to deliberately make life difficult for you.  Doesn't matter what decisions you make, the game will find a way to level you out.  It's like games like Oblivion where, when you finnaly get a God like sword and look forward to carving through swathes of monsters, you find the game has levelled up all the monsters so it's no different.  Very unrewarding.So here, if you have lots of timber and components and need cogs to make something, when you go out and scavenge you'll find tons more timber and components and sweet FA cogs.If your party has bandages but no meds, sure enough the characters will become sick leaving you stranded.  If you have meds but no bandages then sure enough, the house will be raided overnight and characters will be wounded and without bandages quickly deteriorate.The moral aspects of the game are a horrible element imo.  Just stupid.   If the scavenger does anything remotely ""bad"" the whole party gets depressed.  I mean you're surviving a war so stealing for example is highly likely to happen, but if you do it, expect the game to brutally punish you by dropping moral of the party.  Characters go from Sad, to Depressed to Broken pretty quickly and trying to recover that position once the juggernaut has started rolling is very difficult.  If you don't have books or armchairs or coffee, smokes etc then it's a quick decline.  The most stupid aspect is Broken status.  Your character won't do anything at all.  Will just stand or sit there and is useless from that point on, may as well be dead.In the final analysis it feels like you are just following the pre-programmed route for the game, you don't really have choices, though it creates the illusion that you do.  You have to play the way the game wants you to or it stuffs you.There are the basics of a good idea here, but as implemented it's just a time waster that deliberately skews the numbers against you to prolongue the play time.  You win if the game wants you to win.When you do finally win after all the hours and effort expended in monotnous repetitive actions, what do you get?  A black screen with 2 words in white . . .  ""You Survived"".Too much of the mechanics (resource management) doesn't make sense.  You have the ability to build rat traps (with the appropriate resources) but once you've built 2, the GAME doesn't let you build more !  No reason why the characters couldn't or shouldn't, they have the resources, but no, the game just says no, 2 is it, I'm removing the option after that point.So, as I said, the game doesn't let you get ahead.  You don't really have choices.  You DO have to build a stove, a heater, a water distiller, beds etc.  No choice, you build them or die.  You can't inventively do anything, you can't out-think the game, you can't therefore experiment how you might survive in such a war.   You are merely playing numbers.  X timbers + Y components = item.  Item + something else = another item.  etc etc.   Always on the back foot, always fighting a game that won't let you get ahead.  It presents options for stealing and killing people, but if you do, the game punishes you.  Ultimately just silly.It is in the end a glorified time waster that doesn't reward at any stage."
,Recommended,282070,30685442,Posted: 23 March,all,Greytega,Made me consider some things in life. Actually be grateful for what i have....compelling game man...sigh.-10/10
,Recommended,282070,16357371,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Simon,"Day 1Broke into an elderly couples house.Old dude followed me round his house whilst I raided his home - sick wife sits in living room calling for husband.I notice locked doors and cupboards, and assume old dude has keys.Kill old dude - find no such keys.Kill sick wife - find no such keys.Leave elderly couples house with sick wifes jewelry.I am depressed.I regret nothing.11/10"
76561197987177859,Recommended,282070,13146678,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Stealth,"RUN!!!! I can't stop playing... I CAN'T STOP PLAYING!!!!!! It's too good... make it stop, make it stop?!!?!?!"
,Recommended,282070,14954859,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Fyantastic,A deeply emotional game that will test your moral compass. It's amazing.10/10
,Not Recommended,282070,13177477,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,tcelvis,"This game is not bad.  But it does get boring very fast once you get through for once.The game play lack randomness in the most significant parts.  You will soon remember who exactly will be at each location, and how they will response to your actions, what they have for sale if any.  You will know how many days you will need to survive and can start sitting on your stockage 10 days before that.  The snowing always lasts these many days and preceeded & tailed with fixed number of rather cold days.  You will even remember when it will turn cold in different presets.  Also, you will surely notice new crew comes exactly every X days.As you can see, you will soon know exactly what will happen and how you could handle it.  The lack of randomness make this game more of a planning game rather than a survival game.  As you can easily be sure of all your crews' survival from day 0.Edit 1/5/2015:People talk about my 35h game time and claim I should not vote down on a game I am willing to spent so much time on.  Here are my explainations on this:1. When I bought the game, it had already got famous in my circle of gamers and had overwhelmingly good ratings.  So when I felt the game was not as fun as I expected, I did not give up immediately.   Instead, I explored the game as much as possible to understand how everything is designed to be, so  I could be reasonable enough to my fellows on why I do not really like the game.For the same reason, I do not write review on game that I have not fully explored and understood.2. Hours does not mean everything.  The game is slow paced and takes more time than necessary by nature.  It lack a good mechanism of speeding things up.  You either give up all your left day time or keep waiting things out.  If there were a 2x or 4x accelerate button with event driven pauses, you would surely see a dramatically smaller number on my game record.  This also means I am bored from time to time during the game play so I could get the feel of archivement in the end.  I really do not think hours spent like this could be proof that I enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,282070,13039060,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Najinful,1#Learn to appreciate what you have before time makes you appreciate what you had.2#One more turn plz3#BestIndie2014
,Recommended,282070,12948495,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,IrishGuard,Awesome Game! One of the best survival games and Emotional games ive played in a long time! I felt really bad having to kill an old guy and his old wife just to get some supplies but it had to be done! and I also felt really bad not being able to help 2 little girls who wanted some food for there mum.. sad times! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME! 10/10 for the survival fans!
,Recommended,282070,13680466,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Viper,"First thoughts.I'm just after first run. I survived just 16 days, but I'm quite sure that I'll do better next time and next time...and probably I'll surivive the war after some attempts.I was quite sceptic about this game. I heard a lot of good things, but I had also many doubts...and even with current discount it's quite high price tag like for my standards[hello P(r)oland], but after those few hours of gameplay I don't regret it at all. Frankly speaking I see no reason why this game should be any cheaper in the nearest future, it's simply awesome and worth this price tag for sure.about the game: it's kind of sims you know...start with 3 folks and have to make them happy...but there is a war so you don't try to make them happy, you try to make them alive. There is a lot of possibilities,  a lot of varibles, I think that replayability should be good and not only becouse you fail.""the feelings can't avoid you""I detonated nuke in Fallout 3 with smile on my face, but here when I was stealing some goods from pair of old people (for sure they haven't easier times than my crew) and some granddaddy beg me to not take their things as it's all they have...or at least to not hurt his ill wife...well, I was touched. I guess you need to suffer yourself to understand suffering of others and this game make it."
76561198025559328,Recommended,282070,20082726,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[π] Frostwriter111,"My house had just been destroyed by artillery shells. I ran into Pavle and Katia, and we decided to set up camp together in an abandoned house nearby. We had heard reports of other groups of scavengers stealing, looting, even killing. We swore we would be different.We were just trying to survive until the seige ended. Our goals were simple: find food, build a few things to make us more comfortable (beds, a stove), keep our hideout safe. We fixed up the house during the day, and at night one of us went out scavenging while the others tried to get some sleep. We traded for what we didn't have with the local priest, the owner of a garage nearby, a traveling peddler who showed up every few days. Mostly, we traded for food, and it wasn't cheap.We got raided by local bandits several times that first week. Sometimes, we fought them off. Other times, we weren't so lucky. I got a nasty gash in my leg from one of their blades, and was bedridden for several days. Pavle was furious. ""We need to fight back! It's not enough just to stay here and try to defend ourselves. Let's go take our supplies back!""That night, Pavle went to steal from the raiders. He didn't come back. Katia did not take it well. A few days later, a girl named Arica came by, looking for a place to lay low. Shorthanded, we welcomed her in.We had run out of food, and were low on supplies to trade for it. Arica had been living on the streets for several years, so she volunteered to go try to steal some food for us. We reluctantly agreed. She made it back that night emptyhanded; the bandits had discovered her and chased her away. The next night, she tried again, and failed again. I saw something change in her, but I wasn't thinking clearly enough to realize what was about to happen.On the following night, Arica returned limping and bleeding, with a backpack full of food. ""I killed him,"" she said in a soft voice. ""The man who ran the garage. He answered the door with a gun in his hand and I stabbed him in the arm. He got two shots off before I slit his throat."" Her voice broke, and she paused, collecting her thoughts. ""His father just sat on the ground and wept as I searched the house."" I was horrified. And yet, Anica had brought back enough food to last us a whole week. She had saved our lives, but at what cost?A wounded defector from the military came looking for a place to stay. Thinking that he might help protect us, we let him in. As it turned out, his wounds were more serious than they first appeared. Katia raided a hospital for medical supplies, but it was too late. He died within the week, as did Anica.Now, half the city is buried in snow, and it is growing even colder. I lack the strength to stand most days, and Katia just sits on the floor crying. We are running low on fuel for our stove, but I will not burn our books. They are the only bit of humanity we have left."
,Recommended,282070,33272511,Posted: 5 July,all,TrunKs,"Choices. F**king. Matter.One wrong move, you'll blame yourself.Hesitate too much, you'll lose someone.This game not only lets you view war from a whole new perspective, it makes you emotionally stronger and to face obstacles in life with wise desiscion making. It teaches you to care for others and that we're all human."
,Recommended,282070,13936380,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Viishnahn,"Before I get into the details of this game, I would like to point out a few key things. You may or may not agree with me, but I will express my opinion on a few issues; you are entitled to your own. - FYI: Final Score is at the end -First, with the advent of 3D Shooter games and the phenomenal success of names such as Call of Duty and Halo, we as a culture have been led to believe that war is a glorified game, that there are black and white rights and wrongs and that the only lives that matter are our own. When I speak of the culture, I speak for the entire global gaming culture, not just the Americans, Europeans, Asians, etc.This is simply not the case. War affects everyone, mostly in a negative way. Can we as humans totally avoid war? No, unfortunately. But we can seek to minimize the negative effects it has on the innocent and the civilian population, as well as supporting our soldiers. Let me be clear, I do not condemn soldiers for serving their respective nations' interests and doing their duty; I condemn war itself as an ugly, sometimes necessary evil to be avoided wherever plausible.To return to the first point, popular FPS games have de-sensitized the culture to violence, especially violence against the innocent. This is why This War of Mine is absolutely phenomenal. It is more than just a game; it is a drama, a moral statement and a scream to draw people's attention to the horrors that victims in war-torn countries are facing every day. What's even better is that War Child, a charity that the developer 11bit Studios is teamed with, receives proceeds from every purchase of This War of Mine to help people in war-torn countries improve their lives. There's also a link directly to the War Child donation page on the game's main menu, should you decide to take action.I digress. Now for the part of this review that explains why this game is actually worth purchasing for gameplay value.- Overview -This War of Mine is a survival-strategy game that incorporates time and character management with item development. The game is point and click from a 2D cut-away perspective. This allows you to see for a certain distance until an obstacle such as a closed door or a wall blocks your line of sight, showing only a haze or a black fog. You begin the game in an abandoned house with a few freebie goods to start off with and 2-4 characters, depending on which story you choose to play.- World Interaction -Characters move to where you click, normal/sneak speed with one click and running speed with a double-click. Icons hover above interactable objects: a hand for lootables, open/close door, peek through to the other side of a door, etc. Some doors or cabinets will be locked and will require tools to open, or a door might be barred from one side. You will have to explore cautiously and keep track of time to survive and get a good haul each night.- Time System -Time moves rather quickly in this game, 10 game minutes elapses approximately every 3-4 seconds. Daytime lasts from about 7 AM to 8 PM. During this time, you are stuck inside your shelter due to snipers lining the streets. At night, 9 PM to 5 AM, you may choose a character and a location to scavenge for goods. Each character has a different amount of slots of items that they can take, the average number being 10. You can choose to bring tools or weapons along to help or unlock new routes, but that means that you cannot use those slots to bring something new back. The other characters will have to stay in the shelter, getting to sleep or stand guard for the night by your choice.-Characters and States -Characters have realistic needs and personalities. They will get hungry and need to be fed at least once a day to maintain optimal health. They may get injured or sick and will need to rest to heal, preferably in a bed. Depression is also a looming spectre if you choose to go the absolutely self-centered route (stealing, killing, robbing the hospital, etc.), especially if you have kind-hearted characters. Some characters have addictions and will consume items such as brewed coffee or cigarettes. Each one is unique and some have helpful attributes.- Improvements -You will need to construct everything from beds to gardens to water collectors in your shelter to survive and become more self-sufficient. Each improvement has its own cost in materials to build and will inform you the time needed to finish its construction. Stations, such as the workshop, that allow new items to be built can be upgraded, unlocking more designs for construction.- Music and Art -This War of Mine has a very dark, reflective soundtrack comprised of mostly clean electric guitar with strings accompanying. Some have noted that the music is repetitive; they are correct. As a guitar player myself, I do not mind so much and do not believe it is repetitive enough to cause anyone any unmanageable angst. The art style is equally as edgy. The game's colors are mostly greyscale or brown with a splash of subdued color here or there, usually red. The fog where your character cannot see is made mysterious by a soft, wavering pencil sketch effect. The mood is definitely one of depression and hardship. You can hear different music if a character plays a guitar (well) or if you turn on the radio to a punk rock or classical music station.- Winning -The game is concluded when you reach the randomly-generated ceasefire day. I've had games last from 25 days to 42, and I'm sure they could go shorter or longer.- Conclusion -I don't ever think I've spent a day of my life on something that's made me think about life and war so much. Most of us take a warm bed, three square meals a day and indoor heating for granted. I wholeheartedly recommend this war drama packaged as an enjoyable video game.Final Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,15146496,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Chixdiggit,"In the mood for a really uplifting game? Need something to wisk away your sorrows? Need a good smile? Well this is pretty much the opposite of all that.A typical good day in This War of Mine is finding some canned food, scrounging up some lumber, and only slowly dying from a stab wound. A bad day might consist of going cold, starving, listening to suicidal thoughts, and having to shoot an old man for some vegetables. It's pretty much the most depressing thing I ever played.Still I can not stop playing. It's easy to pick up, has great choices, great art, and keeps you engaged. Excellent game that I would love to see an expansion for.https://youtu.be/BSWmtQqir50"
,Recommended,282070,16662658,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Capn.Frosty,"There are not many things to say about this masterpiece. It's a game that has its own personality, making it differ from the rest survival games.Depressing atmosphere in conjuction with simple but clever gameplay elements and beatiful soundtrack. There are some difficult choices that you don't face often in video games. Would you help an old couple by giving some of your food and medicine and making your members try to survive harder? Would you try to save a helpless girl from the hands of a dangerous armed man while you are empty handed? Tough choices that become even tougher since the death of a character is permanent.Highly recommend it to those who want to experience the cruelty and the hardships of war in a different way than the other action games."
76561198115303847,Recommended,282070,15202877,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,oOFate/SteinerOo,"Only been 12 days and I already have hard time trying to defense myself from a guy with the knife.When I killed him his wife couldn't stand it and ran away.But there's one time when my friend already wounded badly by the cut from that incident.I used my chef, silently killed a shot gun dude,An innocent man who open the door for me with kindnesssaw a dead body,I murdered him, He scream while running, Died eventually but also a woman saw the whole thing.She cried,cringing to his body and said ""Oh god No! No!"" with tears in her eyes. a man trying to find his shot gunwhile I murdered the woman who was clinging the dead body from ealier. I'm stepping in his room,slowly.He asked me ""why? what've we ever done to you?"". I'm silenced, killed him with shotgun. I'm scarvenged for bandages,Alcohol,Foods,waters etc.I got back to shelter and the chef cried,depressed. Me in real life - Heart Broken with tears from guilt.I've once have an optimistic view of human nature and now it's all Broke into nothing.9/10 - Heart breaking simulator"
,Recommended,282070,13678256,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,prettytail,"i can't listen to the radio, i'm too broken"
76561197985072747,Recommended,282070,14815350,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Modern War-torn SurvivalI got this game a while ago but only just decided to play it tonight, due to the new DLC for the charity War Child.At first I thought it would get boring very fast as I was just rooting around the starting house for resources. Then after my first night's scavenge mission I started to see the true complexity of the game. You have numerous places to visit, with new ones added overtime, each having finite resources to gather. Sometimes obtaining these resources can put you in a morale quandary, and other times they put your people at unnecessary risk. The game will save at the start of each new day so you can come back to a game at a later date. However, you can't undo decisions done before, a bit roguelike. Like taking on a heavily armed group with a shovel, RIP Pavle. It is a bit like the SIms as you need food and rest, but this time as oppose to just partying you actually have to survive in a harsh reality that isn't too far rremoved from some war-torn places in the world today.I think the game does convey a serious message, but does it subtly whilst also offering an enjoyable game to play and come back to."
,Recommended,282070,13101620,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,mercurymesh,Depression Simulator 2014.10/10
,Recommended,282070,12977445,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Xeos Celeres,"This is an exceptionally good game, and the devs would still continue to add more content and balance some of the game out. The game plays in an ant farm view with pencil line filters. You control 3 survivors of a war torn city, and it's your job to keep them alive. Every day you're faced with moral choices - those are the realities of war.If you've played 'Rebuild' on iOS - an almost similar game set in a zombie infested world. There you're tasks to survive, rebuild your camp, while fighting zombies. If you love that, you'll probably love this too."
,Recommended,282070,12995642,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Carpenter,"It was Day 16 and Pavle had just been killed by a bandit while out scavenging the Supermarket. Back at home newly found companion, the escaped rebel Roman stood guard with our only shotgun while Bruno and Katia rested. Bruno was near death from a raid on our safe house. Katia was shattered mentally from having to kill an innocent man to get the bandages Bruno needed.Bruno died in his sleep over night. The next day, starving and exhausted both Katia and Roman huddled together. The newcomer tried to talk Katia out of her depression, begging her to get up and help him board the walls. That night Roman left her in bed while he slipped out to a nearby warehouse, knowing one more day without food would mean death for them both. When he returned, Katia was gone along with the reamining supplies. Another victim of the war. Her death a mystery, Roman spend his final day huddled in a ball. He had only known these survivors for three days, and now they were all gone. Just like his friends in the rebellion, there was nothing Roman could do to save them. That night he killed himself.♥♥♥♥ THE WAR!"
,Recommended,282070,30800804,Posted: 28 March,all,cola,"Imagine FTL but instead of a ship you're given a shack. Your crewmembers are replaced with civilians who constantly get sad, hungry, and sick. They will also have crippling addictions to substances(coffee and cigarettes.) Instead of blowing up enemy ships and saving a Federation you're digging through trash piles and robbing other people's homes to find food, medicine, and scrap.  Also like FTL, any instance of person-to-person combat is awkward but gives you more stuff. It will also depress the hell out of your characters which is lovely, since morality of the things you do matter more.If you haven't played FTL, This War of Mine is about running around grabbing stuff and dealing with other sad, hungry humans  at night while trying to optimally manage the limited resources you're able to acquire during the day.Good little game to spend a few hours on and its perspective on war as depressed starving civilians is a nice different take  instead of the usual ""playing as a supersoldier"" archetype of most shooters.I recommend having some snacks handy while you play because of all the little prompts screaming ""HUNGRY"" on every character of every day will only increase your appetite as you progress."
,Recommended,282070,19900005,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ÆpEEK!,"First time playing:>casually playing, tending to everyone and all>man shows up at the door, his name is boris!>boris has like 15 backpack space>decide to equip him with a knife only bc what's the worst that could happen>scavenging, goes down to basement to see what's dere>grate>goes back up>survivor spots me and tells the sniper guy up top>sniper guy thinks i'm intruder>boris is deadRipBUT WAIT THERE'S MORE!!>everyone is sad af that boris died>no one willin to do♥♥♥♥♥♥>Survivor named bruno decides to go out to the same place>equipped with a pistol and the knife from boris' dead body>BRUNO IS OUT FOR REVENGE>SNEAK UP ON THE SCOUT WHILE SURVIVORS ARE SLEEPING>STAB HIM TIL HE FALLS OFF OF THE 2ND STORY HE WAS PERCHED ON>survivors are sad that thier scout had died>bruno had his revenge OR HAD HE>bruno takes out his pistol and kills every single survivor there>the deed is done, boris is avenged>a day later everyone kills themselves10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13072255,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Chade,"So. Yet another survival game eh? No. Not just another survival simulation. This War of Mine takes a different approach to the survival genre, TWoM tries to convey the psychological aspect of living in a war ravaged city, you still need to collect resources, upgrade things and do all those fun OCD like things you love in this type of game, but it has a very real effect on the characters well being. Listening to a baby cry while you break down a door and steal a families food. This type of thing has an effect on your average person, and so it does in This War of Mine.Your little band of survivors still get hungry, hurt, ill and so on, but now their actions affect group moral too. For example, i sent Katia out to do some essential looting, food, since they were all starving, so she begins looting a small house. The house belonged to an old couple who pleaded me not to rob them, but having little choice, i did so anyway, leaving a little for them. Katia returned that night and felt bad for robbing them, a couple of others felt the same way, whilst the rest thought it was a necessary evil. However 2 weeks of ingame time later, i returned to the house, due to desperate need, only to find the occupants now dead. Actually, Katia found them. So now she's feeling sad and depressed. Sleeping a lot. She blames herself for their deaths? (...Is that a twinge of empathy for a computer game character i just felt?)This game is good at eliciting emotional responses from you. If you let it. I suggest you do, it's great at drawing you in and is more than a game, it's an experience. Excuse me, must go check and make sure Katia hasn't done anything silly. Yep. that's in there too."
76561198002099575,Recommended,282070,13409579,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,GHO$T,"Depressed by your last kill ?Nothing my housewife Bruno can't fix with a homecook meal, a talk and moonshine!You'll be ready to kill again in no time!"
76561198181130269,Recommended,282070,25447624,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,J̴̷̡͍à̡̜͚͘c̴͏̗̖̪̭̝̳͚k͔̲̙̳̰̳͍̀,"This game made me question who I am as a person. Aside from Spec Ops: The Line, I can't think of many games that had the power to do that.This game is essentially the polar opposite of the traditional FPS power fantasy. It forces you into the perspectives of bystanders, civilians just trying to survive in a combat zone. If the characters under your control die, there is no ""respawn."" They DIE, because you, the player, screwed up.Is this game fun? No, but that's ok, because it's not trying to be. War is hell, after all. BUT, it is engaging as hell. You find yourself wanting to progress through it just to see what scenarios the game puts you in next. If you're desperate, are you willing to steal things, kill innocent  people, for cans of food, a bag of sugar, a drop of water?In essence, so long as you go into this game looking not for fun, but an experience that makes you question things (most of all, yourself as a person), you will come out of it satisfied."
76561198131926054,Recommended,282070,23011008,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Xeinar dies a lot - ITA,"8/10Definitely worth buying. It has simple mechanics that make the game easy to play, and let you dive in its immersive atmosphere. You will really feel guilty for... well, I'll not spoiler, just keep in mind you'll receive a few blow in your stomach the first time you'll play this game (and not only the first time, probably).Combat, which is supposed to be a secondary aspect of the game, is a bit rough and personally I have still difficulties with its dynamics - anyway you can complete the game even without a single combat situation.I recommend to purchase the game with the DLC; 1 euro given to the war childs, those remained orphans. Do that.Note: not incredible replay value here. You can go through the game for a while, but probably you'll not go past the 20 hours threshold (which is not bad, after all)."
,Recommended,282070,23738493,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zenoslaf,"Sad, atmospheric and fantastic emotional experience. A really good game which left a deep impression on me.Graphics:★★★★☆Sound:★★★★☆Gameplay:★★★★★Overall:★★★★☆"
,Recommended,282070,15459148,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Scattish,"Everyone is knew what is war, as we ever seen on tv, movie, or history books. But what we saw or read is just a small parts of what war is.I'm pretty sure all of us is only knew war based on the troops, or even national hero side of view, how they reach their victory, how the manager their own strategies for victory, or everything that make them become known and remembered.But, ever you saw the war from the victims side of view ? How they survive, how they eat, how they sleep, how they chat each other, or anything else when the war is happened on their country ?This game is provide us how if we becoming them, getting a resource to build a shelter, seeking a food from the trash can, stealing from the elder, killing another victims to get what they have, helping a your friend to make a shelter, or even kill their enemies, trade your medicine for just getting a small ammounts of foods and everything you have to do to survive.So, you think if you run out of stocks you can kill people easily ? Nope, it will ruin your mental, you will be depressed or even you will suicide after you kill some people.How long you will survived ? Make your own story, your own group, your own shelter, your own strategies to survive, and your own hand to kill and steal."
,Recommended,282070,13679056,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MaybeMe,Much tears. Very gray. So depressing.Wow.
76561198108760839,Recommended,282070,30828690,Posted: 30 March,all,Muna,"I'm impressed. good gamesomething worth mention about 11 bit stidios:---It's Karol from 11 bit studios, the developers of This War of Mine.We are really happy to hear that you like our game. They prove, that spending 2 years on it was worth it.I would like to say thank you to everyone, who decides to buy the game and support us — because of that we'll be able to develop TWoM further and create even better games in the future.If because of some reasons you can't buy the game, it's ok. We know life, and we know, that sometimes it's just not possible.Here are some codes for the steam copy of the game, so some of you can take a look at it. And if you like the game after spending few hours in, then just spread the word, and you'll help us a lot.---"
76561198032112056,Recommended,282070,13268691,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,igot6strings,"Very depressing. This game will make you feel like garbage yet it is one of the best ""games"" I have ever played.There is no game out there, book, or movie that will make you feel as desparate as this game can make you feel. It truly is a war time simulator from the civil prespective.I am heavily invovled in politics, especially in regards to the conflict in Ukraine. This game, while more or less influenced by events in Sarajevo highlights much of what is happening in Ukraine as well. You are emerged into the suffering. You gain much more of an  understanding of what its like to be a civilian in war zone than you ever could without actually being a civilian in a war zone by playing this game.Highly recommend it!Warning though. You will not feel good after playing this game, but you will be enlightened and it will change your perception of war forever."
76561198006965271,Recommended,282070,13239771,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,funkytomato,"This game is bloody awesome!I was not too sure what to expect but after reading so many good reviews, I just had to try it.Full of atmosphere, tugs at your emotional heart strings, and I found myself craving for the next night time mission, but when it came, I was scared to go because I knew how important the success of the mission would be.  Until you play, you won't understand.Staying detached from ones characters is near impossible, and when they die it feels like your own survival is coming to an end, but a new character turns up, and spirits are lifted.  But during the night you get raided, someone gets killed and your supplies are stolen!  There are not many high points in this game, but its addictive as hell, and if you suffer from depression, don't play this game!"
,Recommended,282070,12968870,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ontyyyy,"I honestly don't know how i feel about this game....I loved it, everything gets harder and harder, characters have emotions and can eventually turn into a wreck if they cause too much ""unhuman"" things...Like murderer or stealing from people that'll probably die, because of your actions. Same thing can happen If one of their friends gets killed.If they become a total wreck, they will just sit whole day in a chair  and player cannot use them (Interactions between characters helps to calm these things down) , they can also leave your base during the night...There are all sorts of things that can happen during the days, soldiers might be storm the city (which makes lots of places unavailable to loot, cus soldiers are there - obviously)Winter - Can't catch rain water, need to keep your place warmThere's probably even more, but these are the 2 I came across.However, the way the nightcycle works kinda dissapointed me...You pick ONLY ONE person to go Scavenging and the remaining people (Which is 3 cus the max is 4 as far as i can tell) can be chosen an action to perform during the night (Sleep, Guard).. You play as the single character and you're trying to get resources you need from a location you picked.I love the whole thing about looking thru keyholes, sneaking, hiding in shadows...But the combat is pretty bad (fyi - if you manage to get someones attention and hide in a shadow, you might aswell clear entire building full of 6 heavily armed guards - yes shadows are OP)When you come back home, you get a report- What happened during the night- Was Anything stolen?- Was anyone hurt?- How much ammo (if you have) did we use to scare looters away- How much loot did you bringI didn't even get a chance to loot every buidling in town, nor I maxed out my base or upgraded my stuff to make advanced things....And all of a sudden, Day 42, The War Is OVER - You've survived.No, It won't let you continue playing. You have to start from the beggining...Which was pretty annoying considering I havent been to most of the building on the map.Don't get me wrong, the game is fun a lot of fun...You probably won't make it on the 1st-3rd time anyways..It's gonna take you a lot of time, but then again...I played this for 2 hours and then bought it thinking ""This is gonna be a long run game"" and finished it in 5 hours...If you like these kinds of games.. Go for itIf you don't wanna spend your money for what could be a short gaming experience - don'tI also wouldn't recommend you this game, If you're a type of player that doesn't like when this are repetitive, this game as a whole is very repetitive."
,Recommended,282070,13288078,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,fever,"I've played this a lot in a short space of time, and it really has its hooks into me.  The game is very atmospheric, with a great art style and ambience and provides a unique slant on the horror survival genre.  I don't think I have ever cared about NPCs in a game before as much as I have with this game, it really makes you question and live with the decisions that you make.  Sneaking around discovering and interacting with other people who are trying to survive is good fun, if war can be fun I suppose, and the combat that I have seen so far is challenging if a little basic.  Maybe one or two special moves (kicking someones knee out, an elbow to the face etc, I'm not talking Street Fighter 2!) might add a little to the combat.There are reportedly one or two bugs but I have seen none so far.I will be sinking many more hours into this game and I would totally recommend this game to my friends.  9/10."
,Recommended,282070,13077137,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,AudieMurphy,"A masterpiece of epic proportions.  This game forces hard questions, to which there are no easy answers.  If you're sick of the Doritos and Mountain Dew approach to games about war, and are looking for a great survival game with amazing storytelling, This War of Mine delivers in spades.  Check out my full review at:http://youtu.be/LlzM-RnwFiI?list=PLVV9YY5ptu0Vp36RghchiedKziv5l3liL"
76561198004123445,Recommended,282070,13086651,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,black lung.,"Amazing game. worth 40 dollars not 20. Its not big on combat but it doesnt matter, its not the point of the game. The point is put yourself in the shoes of others which go through these kinds of things. Sitting in my computer chair, with a mug of coffee nice and safe and wam really made me think hard about this game and made me sad at a few points. when two of my friends were severly wounded, i sent my worst scavanger out to get banadages in a last ditch attempt to save their lives. I found some in a very dangerous place, exactly what i needed, i nearly made it out when i was discovered and shot. Bruno died to save his friends.:( ♥♥♥♥ing 10/10. im entralled, captivated and upset at the same time. can wait to play more."
,Recommended,282070,12962270,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,The Shackster,"this game is amazing, just perfect.so far i have not found one bad thing about his gameit is so emersive, but just remember if you play this game, if they are unarmed and don't posses a treat don't kill them (unless you like that kinda stuff, then by all meens go ahead), i killed and old couple then when serching their house i found a letter they wrote to there grand children. i uploaded the screen shot. but thats the thing with this game, you will feel bad about killing of other civilians, or when robbing other people.any way i would give this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,20628378,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Thalatte,"Game Visual/AudioThere isn't much can be said about the game's visuals asides from that they're minimalistic. Pretty much the same thing can be said about the game's audio. The visual and audio can be adjusted in the game's option menu.Gameplay""This War of Mine"" from the developer 11 Bit Studios. It places, the players, into a position that they never thought to find themselves in.'In war, not everyone is a soldier;'a civilian in a war torn country.Simulates what its like to be a civilian to be trapped in a war torn country. Survival becomes very critical because there's danger lurking at every turn. Everyday resources become ones' prized possession. As crimes runs rampant, the rule of logic and order, no longer exists.There are plenty of pre-generated events for the players to choose from. The players can even create their own events and shared them with other players.Morality is heavily present in the game. This gives the players a freewill to choose whether they want to be a good person and help out or a bad person and not help out. The choices that the players makes it can have either a positive or negative influence on the civilians.There are multiple endings to this game it's heavily affected by the players' morality and the course of action they've decide to take.There's a downloadable content called ""War Child Charity."" It features various artwork from various graffiti artists. These artworks are scattered throughout game for the players to find them. They are to reflect the condition of civilians in war torn countries.[Please do note that there are different pricing for this downloadable content but they all have the same content. It depends on how much you want to spend on the downloadable content. It's a charity donation.]There are twenty-two different achievements can be earned from the game. Each of these achievements has certain requirements to completed before they can be obtained.MiscellaneousThere are total of six different trading cards. You only get the three of those cards from the game. There are several ways to get the rest of the trading card: Purchased from Steam's Market; Trade with friends; Booster Packs and it's Booster Pack Creator.Final thoughts, I felt that this is a really great game to play and enjoy, it can really draws you into wanting more out of the game. As for the game's replay value it's definitely high. I would recommend this game but not at the full price.http://store.steampowered.com/app/282070"
76561198092488660,Recommended,282070,21469860,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Devonian_AUS,"Devo's dropping the mike...AGAIN!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=632703977Title InformationReview TitleThis War of MineReview Date26th of February 2016PC Release Date14th of November 2014Developer11 bit studiosPublisherSquare EnixGenreSurvival action-adventureSeriesNASingle PlayerYesMultiplayerNoRatingsCategoryScoreStory9/10Single Player Gameplay9/10Multiplayer GameplayNAGraphics & Art Style9/10Replayability9/10Overal Rating9/10(See bottom of the page for ranking descriptions)Devo's Seal of Approval?:Absolutely! This ""little"" title is amazing and will be living in my ""Favourites"" list for some time. A base-building, loot-driven survival game played from a cross-sectional 2.5D view-point with character perma-death! How addictive can it get? A whole heap apparently...PROSChallenging and rewarding. This title holds your hand just enough to keep you oblivious to the foot its about to put up your♥♥♥♥♥♥Interesting crafting and loot trading systems,Your choices and actions have repercussions on your groups morale,The threat of raiders, starvation, hypothermia, depression and in-fighting are ever present and add to the knife-edge nature of the gameplay,An interesting a gritty fully realised game world,Excellent graphics and art style,Great locations and lots of choice,CONSGameplay eating mechanics can become a little repetative,Charater selection and camera panning could be better optimised,and......I can't really think of anything else... because this game is pretty awesome,CONCLUSIONS...This title is fun, challening, and addictive, with so many great mechanics co-existing and working together seamlessly. The truely exceptional aspect of this title however is the emotional impacts your actions have on the characters within your group as you struggle to help them survive in a civil war-torn city.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=632703917With the threat of your favourite looting characters perma-death, or the slow unstoppable demise of your groups morale, which in-turn effects thier ability to undertake tasks and eventually thier mental and physical health, this title achives an ever-present tension in a very unique way.If your a fan of survival games, loot games, base defense games or all of the above, YOU NEED TO PLAY THIS GAME!_______________________RANKING DESCRIPTIONSScoreDescription1This pile of c%$p made me want to take a break from gaming!2Avoid this title like a fat man on a diet avoids cake.3Why did they even bother? Oh wait...they didn't, so niether should you.4I wouldn't play this unless I was really, really desperate, or the biggest fan alive.5While there are some interesting aspects of this title, there are just too many faults to recommend it to anyone.6An""average""title which has some redeeming qualities, however, be warned that it also has its fair share of flaws...7A good game and it probably shouldn't be missed by fans of the series or genre, but be warned there are better games out there which are more deserving of your time and money.8An excellent title which shouldn't be missed if you can help it. I found it hard to put this game down, and I hope you do too.9A master piece! As close to perfect as any title can get. You are truly missing out on an unbelievable gaming experience if you do not play this game.10PERFECT. Nothing more needs to be saidAll ratings and opinions expressed in this review are subjective, and therefore are effected in part by my own preferences & predisposiitons.I have not received any gifts or gratuities froma any party for this work."
,Recommended,282070,13062103,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,"Dr. P. Ness, Attorney at Balls",Looted a public school and found assault rifles and pistols.Very realistic. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,282070,13047031,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Wolfie,"This game is absolutely amazing.  It's so ♥♥♥♥ed up but so beautiful at the same time.  You're a survivor in a war stricken city and have to make decisions that can affect your group's mentality but can help your well being.  One huge mistake can lead to your demise.  One misstep while scavenging can lead to you getting shot up by raiders/rebels/soldiers.You have to figure out how to use your resources correctly.  You're sick but also starving in your group, what sacrafices do you make to eat or buy medicine?  How will you get your group out of suicidial despression?This game is ♥♥♥♥ed up, but beautiful.  There's no other way to put it."
,Recommended,282070,31187654,Posted: 16 April,all,DeathMetalMercenary,"As you can see by my playtime, I enjoyed this game. Almost too much. For the kind of game that it is, it's pretty much perfect. For being such a simple game, it sucked me in more than most AAA quality games have.You play as a group of civilians that are caught amongst a civil war, and your goal is to survive the conflict. During the day, you care for your survivors' daily needs (such as eating, sleeping, dressing wounds, taking medicine) as well as improving your shelter. You are able to build a modest array of different things to help you make it through the war; a cooking table, a water collector, beds, etc. You're also able to improve your shelter's defenses, which is important, because you will be raided from time to time.At night, you are able to scavange the town, looking for useful supplies. You will need to find materials for crafting, food, medical supplies, and other hings to help in your survival - all the while, trying to avoid the inhabitants of the place that you are raiding.The graphical style of this game adds to the atmosphere of hardship and struggle, and so does the music (which was also excellent). Sound effects are good, and the narrative is very solid. The story somewhat takes a backseat, although you really don't need much more than ""there's a civil war going on right now"". You are able to piece together a timeline of events during the war via news stations on your radio, and you are able to find bits of information about the people that live in this town while you're scavenging, giving the NPC's a lot more life to them. It forces you to see them as more than just something to kill or sneak by; it makes you see them as actual human beings whose lives will be affected by your actions.I would highly recommend this game to anyone that is considering it, it was definitely worth checking out. A very solid 10 out of 10, in my opinion."
76561198022982664,Recommended,282070,12965257,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,⎝chris.al.b⎠,"First play through below (skip to the bottom for the critic of the game).Promising start to my life in a war torn town. Food, shelter, beds and warmth. What more could you ask for?Scavenged around buildings, only took what we need. Life was good considering.We helped our neighbours out and in return they helped us.Then we were raided during the night, in which the two girls of the group were gravely injured. They lay in bed while the other two survivors picked up the slack, hoping to run into bandages to cure their fatal cuts. After two nights of no luck, sent one of the injured to a near by hospital - they bandaged her up and so she decided to help in return. She searched the rubbled for potential lost medical supplies and she found some!She went to hand it in to the doctor who has helped her so many times... and then she started getting called a ***** by the guard. The guard proceeded to blast her head off with a shotgun.Down to three, drastic measures might have to be taken. A survivor travelled to the nearby church in lue of some aid only to find the priest shot down by a bandit. Rightly so, the survivor murdered said bandit with a shovel and aquired a gun. Searched the area for bandages, none to be found! He tip toed through the dark to a neighbouring building, only to be spotted by a bandit and chased. As the bandit closed in he shot the bandit twice in the chest... and paused, thinking that was all the death that would come of that night. He slowly crawled away beaten from this ordeal and promptly recieved a shot in the back by another bandit.Back at base, the female survivor is in and out of conciousness. Her companion, the chef, having to feed her and keep the place warm. After realising the other scavenger has not come back, he goes to seek revenge - taking down the last of the bandits and aquiring some more guns. No bandages to be seen to save his last friend.So the next night he goes to a hotel, praying the tradesmen have stashed medical supplies somewhere near. In his depressed state he slaugthers them all in a gruesome battle of guns, barely making it out alive himself. Yet - no bandages to be found.He travels home to find his friend has died of her wounds... Proceeds to drink some moonshine at 8am in the morning when there is a knock at the door. Two girls asking for medical supplies. The chef slams the door in their face and promptly heads downstairs to find some rope.Game over.Critic of the game follows:Great game and I feel I have barely scratched the surface at 7 hours. You seem to gain a huge sense of attachment to your crew. Lot's of sneaking about to get your needed supplies and building your shelter. However, there is a small amount of storyline to it - however I have never survived long enough to find it :P If you have the cash, and liked the trailer, get the game. You won't regret it!Post 24 hours of play: After playing this game for such a long time there is no way I would change my recommendation. I managed to complete all the achievements (for those achievement nutters out there, this game is easily completable) and found most of the different variations to buildings. Sadly I have uninstalled the game - for now - because I cannot handle anymore depression from it. Hope you guys have as much fun in this game as I do!Although the game is challenging, once you understand how the AI works you can easily take any level down in one or two attempts. However, there is always the risk that you end up loosing one of your crew - go in prepared.Potential Spoiler Screenshot (my last run through)"
,Recommended,282070,23328938,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Concrete Galoshes,"275.0 hours, on the money.Game is fantastic.Everything from the simplistic combat to the stealthing.I say simplistic because it's obviously point-n-click combat, but it's still really satisfying getting kills.Even though killing (unless bandit, militia or military) causes sadness/depression.But no worries, you can distill some moonshine to bolster spirits."
76561197992618828,Not Recommended,282070,17259637,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,RudeVader,"I was lured in by the hype and massive amount of positive reviews, but ended up being seriously disappointed in the game. It looks like those many thousands of positive reviews are there mainly for the –message- the game sends, not the gameplay itself. Even the most helpful review listed for this game is just a few sentences poking at how depressive the game is, not an actual review.The first thing I noticed about this game was it looked like a direct clone of another steam game called –Deadlight- with a smidgen of resource gathering/management from another game called-deadly 30-. Both of those games are also side scrollers, I’m pretty sure a Dev or two for this game pulled ideas from those two and or others to make this one.Other reviews say the graphics are good for this game, but Deadlights is much better in my opinion for a post apoc game and it came out years ago and Deadlight has more scenes/scenarios while this game is confined to destroyed buildings.****Spoiler warning*****Here’s a list of things I came across while playing this game that are head scratchers or just don’t make any sense.The survivors know how to make a radio, but no one has the skills to make crude weapons to defend themselves from early raids while you are cleaning out your shelter. The survivors need to collect materials to make a workshop to make crude weapons. Soooo the survivors have the skills to make a workshop, but can’t make simple crude weapons until they can build a workshop.Wait..What?All the survivors start out with nothing but their empty backpacks. HmmmI guess the player is supposed to assume either all of your survivors were caught off guard by an attack somewhere else, but they only managed to grab their “empty” backpacks or all your survivors were caught by bandits as a group and all their belongings were taken nearby, though the bandits let them go free until they reached the shelter. But this conflicts with an early first encounter.A First early encounter at the shelter immediately followed with a groan from me. A Knock on door asking for help to carry an injured person home from being shot by a sniper. Sorry to hear that, but no I can’t help you at this time, I don’t know you and this could be a trap.Ohh but wait, after you decline to help you’re told this was your “neighbor”. Oook, how did I the player know you were my neighbor? But wait, didn’t you as the survivors just find this place as a shelter? How is this person your neighbor if you just arrived with not even so much as a 2x4, knife or scrap of food on any of you? ughObservation - During play, no survivor is strong enough to lift a table/chair or knock over a damaged wooden dresser and smash it to the ground for wood/fuel, they must craft an axe to break things down to collect wood/fuel.Observation-When scavenging, you can commonly find rare items like lock picks but more common items like hammers, knives(even a common butter knife that could be used as a weapon) are nowhere to be found. It also appears every radio and alarm clock has been destroyed during the war and one must be made, since you can’t even trade for one, though parts for one can be found.Observation-How is it that every occupied area around you has people with guns, but everyone in your group is bare handed with not so much as a shiv/knife or a 2x4 when they start.Items like crowbars break down after repeated use on wooden doors in destroyed buildings. What? I could understand a shovel breaking because of a wooden handle, but a crowbar? Saws are also a one-time use item. wowObservation- With Ai NPCs, if they have guns It’s always shoot on sight if you try to scavenge a new area with people there. There’s no “hey who are you, get out of here or I’ll shoot” “It’s hey someone’s there, you’re dead” BANG BANGNo chance for “Oh, sorry I was not aware this area was already occupied, I’m leaving”Observation-How is it possible for an NPC to know you stole something from them if you show up with a different character than the one used to steal? SillyWhy does snow that you collect at your front door need to be melted/purified at your cooking stove when you have a wood heater that is heating your shelter?The survivors can only send out one scavenger per night no matter how many survivors you have and you can scavenge only one place per night even if you are done scavenging in a short time. If you clean out an area in an hour, you’re done for the rest of the night since you’re confined to that building/area all night. No other areas close buy/next door can be scavenged until the next night even if you have 4 hours to spare, you have to end the night or basically twiddle your thumb for X amount of hours until it’s time to go home.The game tries to get you to open your shelter up to more survivors for you to manage/take care of beyond your initial starting group. But there is no point in doing so from a survival standpoint unless you want to read their profile/back story. When I became self-sufficient, food was still scarce/hard to come by with just 3 people. Adding more survivors only puts you in a worse position and there is nothing for the extra survivors to do but sit around, always be cold/hungry/tired or get wounded in a raid. If you could actually use the extra survivors to go scavenging, I could see the point in adding them to your shelter.The survivors can’t go out in the daytime, there appears to be a 24 hour curfew. So for a war that’s been going on for years, there are no temporary trade markets during the day to trade at. Strangely you hear on the radio there are supplies like coffee being dropped off, so why are none of the survivors allowed to leave during the day to get some of this humanitarian aid?In game time goes by in 10 minute increments, with each increment occurring in less than 10 seconds, somewhere around 8 seconds. So if you do have stuff to do, you need to do it quickly before 8pm. The problem with that is that it takes one of your characters 30 game minutes to walk up 1 flight of stairs or go from one floor of your shelter to another. So if you want to go up 3 stories in your shelter to build/make/break something, it will take you 1 and a half game hours to walk up those stairs. This does not include time to actuallty build/break your item. Crazy stuff.I completed the game in 42 days without killing anyone simply by concentrating on becoming self-sufficient, there’s no need to kill any NPCs unless that is what you want to do or risk. The worst thing I did was steal some supplies from the old couple.While the message the game is trying to send is a good one and the charity part is appreciated, the actual game play is unrealistic and is incredibly repetitive after about day 20. It would be even more so if the crime wave did not occur to mix things up after day 10. Don’t be lured in by the massive amount of recommends and wait for a sale, the $20 is too high for the limited amount of content provided."
,Recommended,282070,13575463,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Yemen,"ENG\RUSExciting game, the main advantage of which, in my opinion, is randomly spread stuff, filling locations, events, in general, random is the main driving force of the game :) Even when it seems that the game becomes boring and monotonous - bam! and there is something interesting, something radically changing the course of life is happening. One more absolute advantage is the atmosphere of the game: the stories of heroes about their pre-war lives, their thoughts about what is happening and hope for the best, or vice versa - experiences, depressions and frustrations. Everything looks very harmonious and logical. Characters react to each player's choice, on events happening around and accidents, experience food shortages or cigarettes if they need them, sympathize with each other - in a word, sometimes it could be rather difficult to break away from the game :) I am waiting for some new characters, new events and locations, and I hope that the developers will increase the level of complexity, because, despite the seemingly large number of the difficulties faced by the heroes, this game is not hardcore at all, so I want it to be more challenging :D9\10, I recommend this game to everyone, I am sure that you will enjoy it :)P.S. sorry for mistakes if there are any-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Захватывающая игра, главным плюсом которой, на мой взгляд, является рандомный разброс вещей, наполнение локаций, события, в общем, рандом - главная движущая сила игры :) Даже когда кажется, что игра становится скучноватой и однообразной - бац! и происходит что-нибудь интересное, что-нибудь кардинально меняющее привычный быт и задачи. Безусловным достоинством является и атмосфера игры: рассказы героев о своей довоенной жизни, их мысли о происходящем и надежды на лучшее, или же наоборот - переживания, депрессии и расстройства. Все смотрится очень гармонично и логично. Персонажи реагируют на каждый выбор игрока, на происходящие вокруг события и проишествия, переживают нехватку еды или сигарет, если они в таковых нуждаются, сочувствуют друг другу - одним словом, оторваться от игры бывает довольно сложно :) Жду от разработчиков новый персонажей, новые события и локации, а также не помешало бы некоторое увеличение уровня сложности, ибо, несмотря на казалось бы большое количество трудностей, с которыми сталкиваются герои, особой хардкорности у этой игры нет, а хотелось бы :D9\10, рекомендую всем :)"
76561198038742612,Recommended,282070,34280092,Posted: 16 August,all,americandefender,"I don't write many reviews but this deserves one. played a few hours, completed one walk thru, can't wait to play more, game is very real on a human level, as a combat veteran this is a very well written game. kudos to the developers for doing it right."
,Recommended,282070,23350982,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Blue,"One of the most touching games I've played. But don't get me wrong, the management/strategy side is also good."
76561198040538972,Recommended,282070,30342314,Posted: 5 March,all,karhu,"This War of Mine is a dilemma. The game gets annoyingly repetitive, but you cannot stop playing."
76561198180391302,Not Recommended,282070,33898062,Posted: 29 July,all,jadams.projects,"Another game that I LOVE the premise of, but hate the execution. It's dark, has a great aesthetic, and the concept of playing a survival simulator in a war torn apocalyptic setting is immensely appealing to me. However as a resource gathering, emotion managing system I feel like it's just not a ton of fun. Why can only one of my characters leave home base at a time? Wouldn't going in pairs be safer? Wouldn't splitting up to scavange for supplies when running dangerously low be needed?Oh well.. I tried hard to like it!"
76561198118985683,Recommended,282070,27989527,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xGeneral☣,"Atmospheric survival game about war, where you must make hard decisions to survive and make progress. In some moments you might feel depressed."
76561198111597056,Recommended,282070,12988905,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Unicorn,Lost my test on college today due this piece of art. Hope teacher likes it too.10/10
,Recommended,282070,28768755,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ApexCity,"Not bad, respect for dealing with a real tough subject and event. Plays better with mods though, game has come a long way since release :)"
,Recommended,282070,28926674,Posted: 1 January,all,Genesi[s],"This is probably the most inspirational, emotional, and immersive game ever made.... This and The Walking Dead are the only games which have ever made me feel deep connections with fictional characters.... nearly brought me to tears, and the quotes of the struggling characters really make you think about life. This is a must have.I've only been playing for about 2 hours, so far I don't see any flaws or bugs, but keep in mind I've barely scratched the surface.9/10"
,Recommended,282070,20510776,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Captain James Kennedy,"A:Hey guys let's play CoD war is fun.B:Nah it is just a run and gun game, let's play battlefield way more realistic.C:What? Are you all serious? ARMA is the real deal, now that shows you what really is.Me: You have no idea what the hell you are all talking....What am I trying to say? Well my friend, that this isn't your everyday war game, hell I can't call it a war game, I call it a survival game.A conflict is going on, you aren't some sort of an elite soldier that regains health in cover, or respawns if you die, no you are just a person, just like all of us mostly, we aren't exo-suit wearing heroes, or using jets for transportation and etc. We are people. And what happens, when war comes, and people have to survive, since they aren't fighters? They struggle.This game is unforgiving, it shows that war isn't pretty, and it has its consequences , it shows that war is hell, and makes you feel the atleast the minimum sympathy for what happens around the world in real life.You might never look at food the same way, or at killing in a game, you might never enjoy a war game, like you did before, this game, it just affects you, you know?In war there is no happy ending, it is a scar for life.What my point is, you won't run and gun, you will just feel sad, worried, scared, these characters aren't real, but somehow it feels like it would be the same, if they were, in the end, every gamer should try, because this is one hell of a story."
,Recommended,282070,13916168,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:I think one of the candidates in the game, and interestingly brilliantly implemented game that moves the emotions a little bit between.The war in the middle of the game offers a survival, as well as crafting the activity.How many days do you survive the war? Referral! :3FIN:Mielestäni yksi vuoden peli ehdokkaista, loistavasti sekä mielenkiintoisesti toteutettu peli, joka liikuttaa tunteita vähän välillä. Sodan keskellä peli tarjoaa selviytymistä sekä crafting että toimintaa.Kuinka monta päivää sinä selviät sodassa? Suositteluni! :3"
76561198042225625,Recommended,282070,20976508,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ikkiyakki,"An extremely well-done arcade + time management strategy synthesis disguised as a peaceful group desperate survival in a bombed out town. Gameplaywise It borrows inspiration from Prince of Persia, Mark of the Ninja and.. Crazy Farm-style casual games, but they've managed to mix it all togather so that it provides a unique chilling experience of enormous struggle to see the next sunrise day after day, it really gets you immersed and soacked in the atmosphere of helplessness, starvation and decay of humanity. Or otherwise, with some luck at randomized setup, you might build up a tough gang, steal weaponry, burgle for provisions and almost get all the lockal bandits on their knees.. but then the war abruptly ends and you have to turn back to monotoneous everyday life.Очень хорошо сделанный синтез аркады и стратегии с управлением временем, замаскированный под выживание отчаянной группы мирных жителей в разбомбленном городе. В плане игрового процесса вдохновение было почерпнуто из таких произведений как Принц Персии, Знак ниндзя и... казуалок в духе Бешеной фермы, но они умудрились так соединить компоненты, что создается уникальный ужасающий опыт огромной борьбы за шанс увидеть завтрашний восход день за днем, вас погружает в атмосферу беспомощности, голода и упадка человечества и пропитывает ею насквозь. Или же напротив, при некотором везении со случайным выпадением условий, вы можете сколотить крепкую банду, украсть оружие, награбить провизии и почти поставить всех местных урок на колени... но тут внезапно война обрывается и вам приходится возвращаться к монотонной повседневной жизни."
,Not Recommended,282070,25469872,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BlackSquid,"I paid £3.74 for this, as it was on sale. I find it difficult to recommend this game for the full £15.My biggest gripe with the game is it's repetitive grinding and identical play throughs. Nothing is randomly generated in this game - it's just a set of about 20 different locations that you visit on all of your play throughs. The loot and enemy spawns do not vary, and you ultimately get bored quickly when you realise that the game is playing out exactly the same as it did the last time you played.On top of that, an awkward control scheme of ""left click only"" results in some awkward deaths. With the exit to my right, and an army of thugs to my left, I choose the option ""run to exit"". In my case, my character decided to run upstairs, which got me lost in the building and ultimately ended up in my frustratingly awkward demise as I had to manually tell my character to run back down the stairs and past the shotgun wielding thugs.But nevermind, I guess I could just load my save again, right? Nope.There are no save games in this game either. If one of your characters dies, there is no turning back. After the second awkward death in as many hours, I decided to try my hand at surviving with my remaining two characters. This was near impossible - I could not balance their sleep/hunger/medicine enough to both guard my base, and also scavange for more supplies. Eventually this leads to one of the following:a) I leave my base to scavenge: my supplies get looted.b) I stay to defend, and never leave: I run out of supplies.The magic number of three survivors allows you to Sleep / Guard / Scavenge all at one. Take one survivor out, and the cycle is shot to hell.The awkward controls, poor pathfinding, cluttered UI of ""interact"" symbols, and the poor balancing between ""difficult and fun"" make this game a real displeasure to play. It's such a shame - I had been waiting to play this for so long, only to be let down by it's repeated insistance to rub dirt in my eye at every turn."
,Recommended,282070,13261636,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Draegon®,"This is a game about how far you are willing to go to survive in a war-zoned city.You start out with 1-4 playable characters, each with their own set of skills. Your goal is to survive, how you do this is up to you. The game begins with you arriving at an abandoned building, and you have to clear out piles of rocks and locked doors to open up the house, this in turn gives you resources you can use to build different things like beds, chairs, ovens, workshops and so forth.When the night arrives you have to venture out into the war filled city to scavenge for supplies where you will meet homeless people, or perhaps an elderly couple that is just trying to get by, do you steal their food? their medicine? and in turn leave them to their fate just so you can survive another day? There are also bandits, traders and people just trying to keep to themselves that will defend what is theirs.You will also be visited by people that needs help, some children perhaps that needs medicine for their dying mom, do you give it to them and risk the chance of you not having enough for your own people, or do you turn them down? Your shelter will also get raided so you might want to put some people on guard duty during the nights unless you want to come back from your scavenging runs and all the food is gone.How you survive is up to you, but be assured that your choices will have consequences for your group. My first playtrough took about 13 hours to finish and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it."
,Recommended,282070,12988619,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Paul Blart Maul Cop,"This War of Mine is only game I've ever played in which killing someone made me feel physically sick. Congratulations to the entire team for making a great and challenging product that's as depressing as the subject matter it captures, all while dragging you back for more. I certainly wouldn't complain about more updates, but the game as it is is the dictionary definition of ""unique"". Well worth the price."
,Recommended,282070,14005192,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bob the Happy Crab,This was the first ever thing that made a crab feel emotion10/10 construction site will ♥♥♥♥ you up
76561198101039258,Not Recommended,282070,14249357,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Highlord -TPF-,"15 hours in and I've done everything, built everything and suffered through whiney survivors, chain smokers and caffine addicts who can't seem to realise it's not a time to want those luxuries and just get on with your damn job. If I was stuck with Bruno or Katia in such a situation I would have left them days ago.I managed to finish the game in around about 10 hours, not very lenghly for 15 pounds imo and the replay value that I was told was there, simply isn't.Nothing new comes into play the 2nd time around, that burning building you loot for the basic supplies on your first night is in the same place and isn't any different to how it was the 1st time and even if you get a different location or two from the first time you played towards the end you'll realise you've done pretty much the same thing all over again.Those 'dynamic' events i read about in reviews are about as dynamic as a college timetable, they happen in the exact same places with the exact same layouts. Sure you get people knocking on your door when your at home but again these aren't dynamic, I played in the same house in 2 different playthroughs and the events from the 1st time happened in the exact same order in the 2nd.Sure the supermarket and church have a couple of different scenarios, friendly looters or a woman about to get attacked in the supermarket or a frtiendly priest willing to trade or bandits that are a cowerdly bunch to say the least and only one has a gun but he's clearly there to give you some stealth kill practice as he's so easy to sneak up on it was like attacking a dummy, same with the soldier at the supermarket.Then you get places like the Warehouse which has no kind of change in their scenario, I always have bandits there that shoot on sight and never want to trade so I'd avoid if your not very good at the whole 'stealth' thing.Which leads me to the stealth, 8/10 it works but occasionally it will glitch and instead of silently walking to a hiding spot you'll alert the whole damn building by charging full pelt at it so stealth is slightly wonky but bearable. But when your caught and surrounded by people who can see you and have guns then your dead, no other way around it and Dead is Dead with an autosave feature that stops you from reverting to an older save. I also found it annoying that this bandit i was chasing, who had no weapon in his hand, managed to beat down my healthy character who was carrying a frigging hatchet! Also even if you have a gun and plenty of ammo, good luck actually hitting anyone before they charge you and stab you in the gut.So yeah the combat is very poor and uneven, the only sure way to get a kill is through a stealth kill from cover, anything else takes a few hits.Sure it was fun the 1st time but for £15 I feel like kinda let down at the poor replay value. Maybe I just got unlucky with my scenarios and the luck of the draw was not in my favour or maybe it really is just repetitive garbage?My raiting 4/10: Definetely original and interesting in concept but it just didn't work for me...Personally it would have worked better as a mobile game."
,Not Recommended,282070,17470712,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,jpthek9,"Maybe I'm a bit desensitized to virtual suffering but the moral choices offered to you all seem forced - like, I was supposed to feel emotional about it but I didn't. I felt much worse about losing Carly in The Walking Dead (Telltale Games) than I did about ignoring the girl in the other room who's about to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and killed by a soldier. She made for a good distraction and helped me safely loot stuff from the Supermarket. Other moral choices like whether or not to kill this rich family trivially boiled down to ""Will it help me?"".The mood mechanic infuritated me. People got sad from stealing, and depressed or broken from killing. Granted, this game isn't a game about killing but flopping down on the floor in Very Hungry state after just retrieving a bag of food from the dead people's house - that's idiotic! These direct cause-and-effect behaviors further reminded me that the characters in this game are just encapsulations of data visualized with pixels and sounds.Overall, I couldn't immerse myself into this game. The gameplay is somewhat addicting - building improvements to the house, sneaking past or killing guards, profitting on a hard-earned meal - but I couldn't emotionally invest into any of the moral decisions of the game."
,Recommended,282070,14080878,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Melon.,"Hard an unforgiving but amazingly addictive. The character traits are realistic, like sometimes you end up with a middle aged woman who really isn't good at anything but you feel bad letting her die. A really well developed game, can't wait for more. Would definitely reccomend."
,Recommended,282070,29428730,Posted: 22 January,all,Dogemon,"5 hours into game:This game is really saddening me. I didn't know war did this to people. Those poor souls.10 hours into game:Poor people, I should help those in need. Not only in this game, but also IRL.15 hours into game:I must survive! I will show this game that people can and will survive the cruel war! I will prove it through this game!Over 20 hours into game:Splinter Cell! I sneak, I hide, I pound and I loot! The resources is all mine! MUAHAHAHAHA*Should've stopped playing before 20 hours."
,Recommended,282070,13028469,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[101st SPC] Wowie,War does not determine who is right.Only who is left.- Bertrand Russell
,Recommended,282070,24187268,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bipolar Polar Bear,A legit war outbreak simulation and a story of random survivors getting together to band against the consequences of war where only it's citizens pay the price.Will you scavenge for supplies like the rest or succumb to thieving and extortion to survive?10/10 A MUST get game!
,Recommended,282070,21570193,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,scathelock,"""This War of Mine"" is an experience where all you want is for your handful of civilians to survive. You don't play this game to brag about how many days you made it. You don't play this game to play God and shape people's lives at your whim. You play this game if you want a bleak and often tense simulation of the trials faced by non-combatants stuck in a lawless city, trapped in whatever shelter they've found because war has made normal life an impossibility. Note that the developers drew heavily on accounts of the Siege of Sarajevo, which took place from 1992 to 1996 during the Bosnian War.While there are imperfections, 11 Bit Studios has absolutely hit the right note. The characters are neither superheroes nor survivalists. Every morsel of food or fuel becomes a precious commodity, every wound sustained becomes a source of dread. You'll feel despair and irritation as you wait for the harsh winter to end, wondering each night which of your people will succumb to illness, and each chance encouter that turns to violence will leave you with anguish, relief, or maybe a combination of both.The tone is sublimely melancholy, with the music in particular worth listening to long after you're done with the game. The DLCs, also, are of the perfect kind: a free editor's workshop, and a priced art package where 100% of the proceeds go to a charity for children victimized by war. 11 Bit Studios isn't ♥♥♥♥ing around: ""This War of Mine"" is not just a game, but a symbol of what a game can represent. It's an empathetic opportunity to imagine what people throughout history have faced in their darkest days.Because Steam doesn't seem to have the launch trailer shown on its store page, you can find it on the official youtube page here,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gotK5DLdVvI"
,Recommended,282070,33318549,Posted: 6 July,all,Kex,"Bought this game being really sceptic about how it will turn out for me. I saw A TON of good comments but since I'm not into these kind of ""sims-ish"" kind of games, I was really worried for how it will come out for me. And let me be honest, never, have I ever got so addicted to a game.... Seeing how charahters think and discovering the game on my own. This is probably the best game I paid for in my entire steam acc. Felt so many stuff in this little time.... Depressed, sad, happy, getting pumped by adrenaline.... it's just .... A fantastic game!! DO BUY IT"
76561198115692869,Recommended,282070,23997021,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dr_octopuss,"Overall I really like the feel of the game as it views life of war from a completly different perspective. You see the game from the eyes of a civilian like you or I and you must do anything to survive trading, scavanging or stealing. Although not many charcters each of them have something to say about how they feel about the events that happen in your game if you help someone shot by a sniper or you steal from your neighbours. I would recommend this game to people who like surviving and like building up your empire from scratch."
76561198065782394,Recommended,282070,27484874,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sL1ck ♨,War gives suffering and unhappiness
,Recommended,282070,12967084,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dewderson,"Entire group was starving, sent Pavle to half split tenement building, game said use caution; assumed occupants were hostile, lockpicked the backdoor and hid in the shadows, brutally hacked to death first person who passed me. Saw someone scream ""You're dead!"" Jumped off of second story and hid in shadows again, brutally hacked sentry to death. Saw last person crying over first corpse. Kill her from behind. Realize all four were women, and only one was armed. Take supplies. Character comes home and starts crying.11/10 Would get notice of Pavle hanging himself again.This game features an amazing amount of replayability. I was skeptical at first. And of course, many elements of this game are scripted. However the AI responses, random events, and random attacks generate hours upon hours of gameplay. This game will do some damage to your social life; so be ready for that.The characters have some interesting biographies and personalities, both of which show despite the lack of any voiceovers. Despite being a side scrolling game the environments are very nice and immersive. The locations are logical and the feels are frequent. Such feels.Combat is a bit difficult to understand and predict, at some points it can be very frustrating; and it's best simply to choose a stealthish dirty fighting approach, letting the enemies give chase and then hiding and waiting for them to catch up so you can jump out and beat them to death.HOWEVER; there is a very steep learning curve, you are basically thrown into the game without any guidelines besides characters whining.9.5/10+ Good writing+ Immersive Environments+ Good barter system+ Base building is fun and crucial- No tutorial- Lack of direct controls may get your characters injured/killed"
76561198030162285,Recommended,282070,12945177,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,www.twitch.tv/UncleSwedge,It's like a cross between 'The Sims' and Cormac McCarthy's 'The Road'.
,Recommended,282070,14607282,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Was it a Banger?,"I normally leave a short and funny review for a game, however with this game I just could not this is an extremely profound and heart wrecking. it will leave even the most optimistic and nice people torn, because no matter what you are always left feeling like you could have done better. do you stick to your morals and help everyone you see or do you break them and get to live another day? what will you do when a neighbor comes begging for you to help her daughter or when your out of food and the only food available is behind a guarded military base or a group of survivors, will you rob the charitable church or go a day without food. these are all hard choices as they should be in this story you figure out the world doesn’t only revolve around you there are other people just trying to survive, other people have love ones. this is a story that everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime the kind of story that will make you cry"
,Recommended,282070,23718011,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Flavvy,"This War of MineA must-buy for anyone who's even remotely interested in strategy and/or good video games. At first I was a bit overwhelmed by the different elements of the game, and this affected my first play-through to the point where failing made me feel genuinely sad. Not because I didn't ""win"", but rather because of the unjustness of the conditions that caused my survivors to get sick or depressed and eventually die. And after 30 or so hours and getting better at the game, I started wondering if that might have been the point: everything doesn't neatly fall into place for civilians in wartime—death is constant. And maybe that's what this game teaches: yes, as you play, things start to feel more and more enjoyable, so to speak, but first you have to go through a harsher, more honest representation of war.Pros:Beautiful artwork, tense atmosphere;Tackles important themes in a surprisingly harsh but honest light;Decent amount of locations to explore, along with new characters and simply getting used to the mechanics adds to replayability;Decisions have tangible consequences;Gameplay adapts to your play style;Great soundtrack;Cons:Lack of tutorial can make things a bit overwhelming (if not downright depressing) at first;Not a lot ofscenariovariations to increase replay value, in contrast to the above."
,Recommended,282070,28998989,Posted: 3 January,all,ViceVersa,"for those people who lack of concerned about darkside of war and children`s fate out there. Buy this game and the DLC : WarChild, and few cents u spents will be donated to non-governmental organisation called War Child, which provides assistance to children in areas experiencing conflict and the aftermath of conflict.This game contain :- Heartwarming events- Awaken us to help each others- Sharing is caring habit- Reveal the ""real"" scene of war, not the ""cool"" one like many modern war games- Many difficult choice throughout the game- Diversity of human personality- Unexpected condition- And many more, that i can`t truly describe4/20 would kill people for cigarettes - IGN"
76561198007663067,Recommended,282070,13238505,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dr. Linger,"This is a very satisfying resource management game (survival genre) with a minimilistic side-scrolling design. It has enough randomness for each playthrough to maintain interest in repeated playing, but not so much randomness that the game becomes too unbalanced. Lack of detailed instructions on the underlying mechanics leads to your early games being a struggle to survive. Replayability is good, but not perfect. The game has numerous combinations of starting conditions and beginning characters. This adds greatly to the variety since each character has a couple unique skills/traits. Once you have completed the game several times and learned how to do things efficiently and safely, resources DO begin to pile up at too fast a rate. This leads to a back-half of the game without tension as you complete simple activities and move on to the next day, waiting for the war to end.Locations you visit to scavange supplies are chosen on a map of the city and are smallish (but perfectly suited to the gameplay) self-contained side-scroll maps. Most of the locations you visit have two versions that effect both the supplies you can scavange and the events/people who you can meet there. The strategic/moral choices are based off of the locations having the possibility of danger, robbing innocents, trading opportunities, or safe abandoned sites. Fairly explicit hints are given to you in the location-choice so that you can make good strategic decisions.Combat does exist in the game. It is simple and has minor stealth and cover mechanics. It is usually either a very fast paced lethal encounter (potentially for both sides) or waiting patiently in a hiding place to stab someone with a knife after possibly attracting them with sound. The mechanics of the game make the violence both tense and consequential."
,Recommended,282070,13045527,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,insomniac,"This game is one of the best I’ve seen this year. Challenging, interesting, and heartbreaking, This War of Mine puts you in the battlefield, as a civilian struggling to stay alive. I have many stories I could share but I dont want to spoil much about the layout of the game so after you read this review, buy it, and play it so you can see for yourself.Graphics- 9/10. Love the 2.5 d graphics with a pencil shade to them. It looks like the trailer (one with soldiers running) when you zoom in close with maxed settings.Controls- 8/10. Point-and-Click, I’ll explain why only 8 in a bit.Handling- 9/10. Sometimes when clicking on a character to move him/her you move a previously selected character to their position… A little annoying but not the worst thing ever. Still, otherwise the looting system works fenomonomly.Story- 7/10. Simple with background stories, but I wish there was more. I don’t know why. There is a radio with news on the war, interactive characters, and backstories but I wish there was like a cutscene or two of the arrival and departure of your shelter...Gameplay- 8/10. 60% of game is looting/running around, 25% crafting/building, 5% trading… And then theres combat, the last crappy 10% that makes some people leave this game alone forever because they are trigger happy. Ok, let me explain fact from fiction;Facts:-Combat is (or so it seems) a 50/50 chance when not a sneak attack.-When you go to hit someone (not sneak) they most likely will hit you first because you are running at them (people don’t understand this)-Sneak attacks when hiding behind something (symbol with guy peeking around a corner) and using a knife/axe/shovel/ is a silent insta kill.-In cover you are still able to get hit and can be seen.-If you fall down you should run because the opponent will be able to get a few hits in on you with his weapon and vise versa.-Shooting with guns is accurate and you can only shoot/hit people.-When right in front of someone with a gun they won't shoot you but they will hit you and vise versa.-Character sometimes will run up to the person you are attacking and do nothing (melee only).Fiction:-Sneaking does not work. Only one character is silent. At a close range people will otherwise hear you and if you can see them they can see you.Ok now I want to talk about looting;You can only bring one person to loot because if you could bring more then when you encounter hostels you would have to switch between both characters and that would be frustrating. After clearing an area, just go back and loot the crap out of it every night, but be careful because sometimes other people might take shelter there. I don’t know why people criticize the looting system because it is easy and fun in my opinion.Creativity- 10/10. I’ve never seen a Call of Duty or any other war game with people playing as a civilian and having to look for food/necessities.Price-10/10. Worth the price and the money supports the war child fund.Hype-9/10. Above what I thought it would be but the combat is a serious downer.Overall- 8.5/10. Without the combat issues or a future update this game could get the first 9/10 I’ve ever given!I think know why [some] people don’t like this game. The combat, BUT these people are choosing to fight while they could trade and loot and create items to survive. People say you need to kill to survive in this game but thats not true. It just is easier that way. You will steal a few times but will be mostly from bandits and robbers. DONT TURN AWAY BECAUSE OF THIS FLAW!!! Like I said, about a 50/50 shot unless you have patience which i’m sure these down raters don't have… Anyway feel free to ask me questions about the game in the comments. Do note that I finished the game before posting this review. Good luck and have fun!!!"
,Recommended,282070,21001510,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,asepwashere,help
76561198040951587,Recommended,282070,23388411,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Master Of Reality,"Don't buy this game if you're not prepared to feel like ****. Not only does it make you realise the horror of war, it also makes you wonder wether you are a good person or not."
76561198104811072,Recommended,282070,13117581,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DJ_KITKAT,"I've played this game, and let me tell you, it gets hard if you go against more than two at a time or if you go after the military. DO NOT TAKE ON MORE THAN YOU CAN CHEW or you will pay with your life. There are points where I felt horrid at the choices that I made and i feel like I need to go back each time to do it differently. but no matter what, if you want to live, you HAVE to hurt others...one way...or another"
,Recommended,282070,13169246,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Stonerbob,Traded my AK47 for a ciggarate10/10 would trade again.
76561198051514398,Recommended,282070,13082017,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,JohnTheGreat,"It's a really good game, kinda like a simulator of life in Kosovo or the Donbass"
76561198083624692,Recommended,282070,12968013,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SlenderGreen,"I have to write a rewiew for this game because over all, it is easily the best survival game I have played this year. 10/10!*at least 25 hours of solid game play*well balanced :D it is not too difficult, and not too easy*the plot is well designed, it is dynamic and changes accordingly to player's play style*options of doing humanity's best or worst, and then watch how people react to it*inspiring and judgemental at the same time!*the concept, angle, and art style are awesome!!!*(!spoiler! Do good deeds, and you will have goods in return! Lol)Here is some thoughts for the dev, if you are going to update the game for a more dynamic game play:Controls could be slightly annoying sometimes.I really wish that the weather will influence more of our play style; for instance, crops could have gone dormant during really really cold days(I know we have a heating lamp but... it is not the same as growing things under sunlight). Or, scavenging during a storm makes it harder to hear noises, in the meanwhile you will be harder to detect.I have never had any bandits come knocking on my door, which is very surprising to me. I think under a civil war setting like this, there might be a bit more bandits running around in bright daylight since they appeal to be really well armed. the only danger for my daytime game play was once two soldier came to my door looking for a thief(which is my neigbour, and I helped him, lol). I said I can't help and shut the door on them and they just stood for a while and left... I imagined they'd be a lot more aggrassive so I was nervous. Because some of them just kill and rob and♥♥♥♥♥♥.. But I suppose not all of those soldiers are bad. :P Or maybe I was just lucky. Yet still, I do wish that for once or twice they come and kick our door open during the day, just for drama."
,Recommended,282070,12966455,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,rhii ლ(ಠ益ಠლ),"This War of Mine is not your average war game. You don't run around like a maniac with your rifle and shoot everything in your vincinity! In this little pearl you follow and command a group of three random victim haunted by war. You scavange, you steal, you survive or you die.Ok. After this little introduction. What is this gameplay all about?Basicly it's a mix of a sidescoller, survival and simulation game.At day you manage your ""household"". Build furniture, helpful devices, weapons. Anything of use in a war. Beside that you have to take care of your group. They feel hunger, they get sick, wounded, depressive ect. Take care of them or they will die faster as you can say ""Oberweserdampfschifffahrtskapitänsgesellschaft"".When the night starts you organise your group. One of them will scavange. You will then command him to the next building and make though decision. ""Will I rob this old pair?"", ""Should I risk breaking in a bandit's house for better stuff?""But keep in mind that you are not a soldier.The good+ All characters write a journal and react to the situations+ Characters have diffrent 'profession' like cook or trader, which adds a little depth to the micromanagment+ all tools and furniture have a use and highly impact on the groups well-beeing+ the 'healthsystem'+ random maps, replayabilityThe average~ the background music is a bit repetive~ the visuals are fitting for the game but still a bit outdated. Also the pencilanimimations(background) are a bit annoyingThe bad- no character voicesThe score8/10"
76561198119273564,Recommended,282070,13171456,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BurningBulldog,"I love this game, mainly because I love survival games and this is all about survival at all costs. I've played 6 times and  I've beaten the game twice; once with Pavle, Marko, and Bruno where I took in Boris. And once with Pavle and Marlin where I took in the Child Lover (Yvelta or something?) starting in Winter. People say the combat is clunky but I haven't had a problem with it you're killed very easily unless you have either the element of surprise, or an easily defencible position such as on top of a ladder. Finding parts to upgrade your shelter is difficult, and being raided is a huge danger, and unless you fortify your shelter and find a gun you'll almost always lose a few items. After playing about 13 hours the game has seemed to get repetetive and this is the only negative aspect i've found in it.This game is a challenge and requires strategy to beat it. You won't always be able to help the children who come to the door asking for medicine, the starving people you meet while scavenging, or be able to help your neighbors out of a tough situation. And your characters will get sad very sad. But i'd recommend it because it is an interesting experience that accuretely depicts a survival situation where you need to make tough choices in order to survive."
76561198066137872,Recommended,282070,13022228,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,boobdood69,"A brilliant and rewarding experience!This War of Mine brings a very immersive and emotional experience. If you love strategy, stealth, and/or artistic games then this is the godly experience for you! A unique and a powerful dialogue against war that will have you playing for hours at a time. This masterpiece is interesting and engaging, with different playthroughs each each time, it will keep you loving it. I care so much about every action I take and how it affects my people and others; I believe it will make you feel the same."
76561197994916614,Recommended,282070,12972425,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,DAG,"Firstly , If you like easy games - this one isn't for you. In fact, it's pretty brutal, unforgiving and unlike almost every other survival game out there - there's no undead to battle. Just your fellow man, hunger, and mother nature.This War of Mine is a refreshing attempt at the survival genre, and a very successful attempt it was in my opinion. You start off managing 3 people in a house. It's up to you to prioritise boarding up the house to make it secure, getting a radio up and running so you can hear news of the war and other survivors, building a bed so you can get a good night's sleep or building a cooker so you can have a satisfying meal. Every choice has a consequence and drains resources that you have to scavenge every night - sometimes from an abandoned house, other times from a populated house with people just as desperate as you living inside. Make the wrong choice, and it may very well cost the life of one of your guys. An example of my first playthrough..At the start I pretty much relied on trade and not stepping on the toes of other survivors, but then came that point when there's just the 3 of my guys, poor Pavle is wounded from an unsuccessful raid (and probably gonna die during the night) and they're all starving because I ate my last food item 2 days ago. That 2 bedroom semi-detached down the road is stocked to the brim with food and meds - and it's also guarded by 2 armed survivors who have been fairly decent people thus far. All that's left to do is to lay down and die with a modicum of humanity, hoping a trader will make it through or... pick up my knife and gun and go ""Governor"" on their♥♥♥♥♥ buying myself and my household another couple of days until the next crisis! ...I'm not proud of what I did. They were probably very good people, but now Pavle is fit and well and the fridge is stocked. Another couple of days and the war will be over.. I'm sure!Great little game and fully recommended to fans of this genre who want a change from the norm."
,Recommended,282070,31656196,Posted: 9 May,all,King Arthur,"It is a really good Management/Survival Game on War desperate times. Considering it's a 2.5D game, in which I don't really mind, is quite great and creative."
76561198205431548,Recommended,282070,15101065,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kiri,"With how bleak the game is I got the feeling the game wasn't supposed to be fun but an exploration of the horror of war for civilians, so I ended up feeling kinda guilty when I actually enjoyed it a lotYou take control of a group of 4 civilian survivors in an eastern european city. The city has been taken over by some kind of rebel army and the military is beseiging the city to reclaim it. The objective is to keep the survivors alive for about 6 weeks til the war ends.During the day it plays like The Sims. You build furniture and tools, cook, eat, sleep, and sometimes conduct trade with wandering traders or make choices as to whether to aid visitors who come for helpAt night you pick a survivor to travel to one of a number of locations and loot as much as he/she can carry to aid you during the day or future raids before dawnYou will need to find materials to build furniture and defenses or to use as fuel for heating during the winter, food to not die from not eating, water to cook, medicine in case of illness or inury, weapons and ammo to defend during the night or utilise in raids, and trade goods like tobacco or alcohol to trade with wandering tradersPlayers can craft items and weapons such as a shiv for combat, a crowbar for forcing locks loudly, lockpick for picking them silently once, spade for clearing rubble, saw for sawing through barricades doors etc. Often an area will have locked doors or collapsed passages and players must plan ahead for future raids to ensure they can clear the obstacles they couldnt pass earlierWhen raiding you may encounter hostile people. Some of them are thugs and bandits who are fair game. Others are innocent survivors who may fight to defend themselves or their property, and there are soldiers who are usualyl lethally dangerous and best avoided. Combat is random and depends on the skills the survivor started with and their equipment and the strenght of their foe, and whether or not you or your opponent is injured already and who got the drop on who. As combat is dangerous and injuries take many days to heal and expensive bandages, combat is best avoided. Not all survivors are hostile and some will trade or assist the player. Others must be avoided carefully or killed if the situation is desperate as the player searches for the most valuable items for their inventory space in the time availableDeath is permanent so the player must weigh up the risks and benefits of each action. Do you attempt to sneak past the thugs for the food you need not to starve? Do you steal medicine from an old couple to save your sick friend? Do you try to save a woman from a battle hardened well equipped♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥soldier who will almost certainly kill you? Do you pick through the looted carcass of a supermarkt for those last scraps of materials or risk your life sneaking into the rich but bandit infested warehouse district?Really I loved this game. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,282070,13222461,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,McTrashtin,I have only played about 3 hours of this game but god even after my first playthrough i felt for the people i was trying to help survive. when times got desperate i made desperate and risky decisions. this game really makes you feel and make hard choices and its amazing
,Recommended,282070,13278911,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Flakk_Munky,"Fantastic game, very well done the mood it sets is unbelievable.Pro tip: If you want your survivors to live a long and happy life, start the game then exit out and never start it again. No good will come with any decision you may make no matter how best you think it is. I am sorry Katia you trusted me and I failed you in so many ways."
,Recommended,282070,16388207,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rookie Friendly,"War, war never changes."
76561198042161073,Recommended,282070,30621396,Posted: 19 March,all,Kurnel ApocalypticCheeseburger,"As much as people like to be the hero in most games or the one man army that takes down everyone in an FPS, this game will definitely show a different and, in my opinion, more interesting perspective. You control the citizens and the people who are not able to regenerate bullet wounds in a matter of seconds, can't be revived at a checkpoint, and don't think of killing as a priority. This game, while it may be hard, is gripping. I've found myself at the verge of tears from this game. If you enjoy survival type games, I would recommend this for sure."
,Recommended,282070,34045684,Posted: 5 August,all,Cytokine Storm,Most depressing game i have ever played. why? i killed and then looted an old couple instead of going to a church because it had a danger sign
76561197984119810,Recommended,282070,12945671,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BillyBobCledus,War is Hell.
,Recommended,282070,17317931,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Checkmate,"What can be said about TWoM that hasn't been said already? It's good. No- It's not good, It's great! Not even that, it is one of the best games I have ever played. Tensions run high, supplies run low, war runs rampent and it is a masterpiece. Furthermore, the soundtrack is simply beautiful. This game is a must have for anyone looking for a challenge, and also to shed a few tears.And the new Anniversary Edition DLC (Which is free,I might add.) adds a ton of great new content and hours more playtime."
76561198116839736,Recommended,282070,32637521,Posted: 22 June,all,Rogue,i fell like in war
76561197971682615,Recommended,282070,12981895,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DiscoJacen,"Emotions. Morality. Compromises. Hope.Little are the games that manage to emulate fun AND pass along a life lesson.And in a current worldwide context of violence (ex:Ukraine, Venezuela) it is good that this one can poke us right into the confort of our cosy videogaming chairs. Because to better understand how some people struggle every instant to survive is to better motivate us to try and prevent such tragic outcomes.This is why war should only be a videogame.This is why this game is a GREAT game"
,Recommended,282070,22492169,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,catatonic relapse [muted],Probably one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,282070,16352964,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,adi_a12,10/10+survival+crafting+storysims-like game with extra war theme
,Recommended,282070,28241968,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Wolf,"-Start with Hitler, Stalin, Trump, and Liam Neeson.-Liam Neeson kills a church full of people.-Hitler gets depression because of it.-Stalin hangs himself because of it.-Hitler hangs himself because Stalin hangs himself.-Liam Neeson and Trump hate eachother.-Trump gets killed while out scavenging.-Liam Neeson hangs himself because he's a little sad.11/10 would play with Hitler again."
76561198142832759,Not Recommended,282070,25413752,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,dcd75,"I had a really hard time with replay value in this game, the first 2 times I played it, it was really fun, exhausting and frustrating true, but you had a sense of accomplishment regardless.  However, I have since tried to play it other times, using different characters, and even some custom characters, but the game feels the same regardless of who you have.  Even most of the locations are pretty similar.I think what kills the game for me personally, is the amount of resources needed to just survive is high, and the amount of resources needed to upgrade things is nearly impossible to achieve on anything but easy difficulty.  Its true that I only have 14 hours of gameplay, so im not an expert by any means, but I doubt i will be putting any more hours into this game."
,Not Recommended,282070,32831186,Posted: 26 June,all,Ace T'Ken,"I'd prefer a middle of the road review for the game, but there's no such option. Let me say that I enjoyed it for a while, but will probably never play it again. It's unforgiving and you can be wiped out through no fault of your own. It's also massively repetitive. At some point after restarting five or six times because the RNG gave you bad locations, you'll find a gameplay loop that works for you. Then you keep doing it thirty times every day that passes. Then you realize you're doing nothing to advance the story, not getting better, and not having fun any more since it's just grinding mobs in an MMO, but only the loot part.That could all be forgiven, but the worst part of it all is that it has zero respect for your time. You can't speed the game up or pause. So, in order to get the full benefit from sleeping or whatever action you're doing in-game, you have sit and wait through every day, just sitting and doing nothing. You can end the day early, but you get no benefit from any actions that were going on before you hit the button. For hours on end, you do nothing. Then you realize that this isn't fun or entertaining, uninstall the game, and leave this review on Steam."
,Recommended,282070,13676161,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,crust,"This game really makes me feel like im trying to survive in a harsh war. I've came to face many difficult decisions, and it is not easy choosing. For example:I am playing as a man named Marko, a skilled scavenger who was once a firefighter before everything went to hell. Me and two of my fellow friends/survivors needed supplies, so I decided to head towards an old apartment, which I heard had a few people had been living there, so I tried my luck. I did bring my knife just in case things didnt go as planned. In which they didnt.As i was sneaking through the apartment, I noticed a man walking through the house talking to himself, I forgot what he said though. He was in the kitchen but he had walked out to left door. So i took my chances and scavenged the area. As i heard his footsteps, he climbed down the ladder, saw me and gave me a chance to leave. But i couldnt. Me and my people need supplies. So i went outside, but i went back in a little bit later. But this time, i had my knife in hand. I needed these supplies desperately. So again, i went sneaking in. The man was in the kitchen again, and i was peeping through the keyhole on the other side. there was a place i could hide where i can get to unnoticable, so I wanted to make enough noise for him to get there so i could possibly take him out. The plan worked out well. I was hiding and the man was standing right beside me, confused. As i stared at him with my knife in hand, i decided to take him out. i pushed him to the ground and stabbed him 3 times in the chest. He didnt move at all or breathe again. I had thought he was the only one living in this apartment, but i was wrong. The people upstairs had heard his death and rushed to see what happened. It was an older man and his wife. They saw the corpse of their son laying on the floor. i stood there, shocked and not knowing what to do, as the father and wife mourn over their dead son. i felt like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ but we needed supplies. so as i filled my backpack to its max capacity, i run to the exit but i had to take one last look at the situation. The older couple were just crying over his dead body. I quickly ran back home. My character's heart was broken, and so was mine. I switched characters to Pavle, i went and gave Marko the last of the food we had and talked with him. The conversation they had literally got me teary eyed. But now i know me and my friends have those supplies we desperately needed to survive this cold war."
76561197969886206,Recommended,282070,12964303,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Myzzle,"War.. No one likes war. You and the survivors try to stay alive in a broken world. During the day you try tomake barricades, beds to sleep on. You cook food for the survivors. But then the night starts. You go out alone inthe dark searching for supplies, food to keep your family alive. I found a nice home with lots of foodwhere an elderly man scared me. In an accident I killed the poor man, me and my character could notlive like this so rebooted the game.Let try to play civilized the next game I say to myself. No more killing innocent people.I rather eat rats then hurt other survivors.Awesome game, nice atmosphere, Try to make the best solution for you and your crew!"
,Recommended,282070,13056038,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dualie,"This game is quite depressing, you start with 3 survivors, which is randomly chosen for 1 of them, but has a chance to have wounded or sick at the very 1st day(thanks to my first play, which is dumb).It's sneaking mechanics are really good, sometimes you can insta kill people if they don't spot you(they should fix that btw, if I axe'd someone in the back and they instantly died, they shouldn't be able to call for help.)It's AI combat is somewhat dumb unless you get other survivors(which I haven't experienced more than 3 survivors at a time because I would make it to about day 7, get to a almost impossible place to be because they would have the upper hand cause ♥♥♥♥ all.I would love this game even more(after I saw all the survivors from a guide) where you can make your own survivor, like add people you know into the game, give them hinderances(like what if one is aalcholic war vet, etc etc.)Other that from the dumb AI chance fights(which basically discourages any fighting whatso-ever and making this a sneak game, but having guys that excel in fighting)(I mean, I love sneaking, but there are points when I need to kill to leave)This game also is nice mostly because of basically the morality system, like it's tedious after the 3rd depression of a situation you couldn't avoid, but still, lemme tell you a excerpt from my blights and travels:I came to a church, St Mary's Church to be exact, with Katia, a trader that I have grown quite a fondness to because if I was in a situation for barter, she could turn cigs into pure gold, anyhow, I went up and the wounded priest there thought I was a bandit, so he tried to push me away and scream.I got scared, so I pulled out my shovel and hit him, he died almost instantly, a man came from the cellar, and screamed ""WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!"" then charged at me with a knife, I had to murder him to, women and children came screaming to what I have wrought to them, I did only thing I knew how to do, I needed supplies and if that would mean either butchering them or stealing them and leading them to starve.I well, slaughtered them, then proceeded to take all the food I could get, Katia was broken for a few days, I force fed her Moonshine to make her feel better...She is still sad on this run today, I feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥for kinda what I did.It's true what they say, Innocence is the first casuality of war.This game gets a solid 8/10 solely for the story. Would recommend"
,Recommended,282070,16334432,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dheart88,"got this when it was 50% off.. now it's 60%.. it's a war of mine :(First Impresssion :I've played 2 hours so far and I think this game is great. this review is my first impression of this game. You can manage group of survivors, give them task and meet other survivors in other group, they might asking for help, trading, and maybe some things that I don't know yet. I see a lot of conflicts, like son that willing to trade anything he has to get medicine for his father, and attacker/group of bandits seducing surviving young girl that asking for supplies. There are a lof of scenes that reminds me of walking dead.Updated (1):After playing for a week (20 hours so far -- day 44) this game is kinda patterned but still you can't predict the result, first 2 weeks are harder than the rest of game. This game qualified as very good games, keeping me playing 20 hours is hard as I have over 30 games this week and this one take more intensive play than other newly games I have. I still like the moral and conflict of this game. I think I'll beat this game soon and will have 2nd play with other combination of characters.After 20 hours I think it's OK to sum everything.Pro:-  great surviving simulation/strategy/management game. It's the neighbour from hell + post war survival, walking dead thingy without zed.-  it has great replay value. I think playing it over and over is great..- great graphics, music, crafting and enemy AI- all characters have their own set of unique skills. Having elder survivor is stilll useful here..Con:- why there is no 2-4x speed up button.. I hate to wait for few minutes to the end of days. If you skip the time to night some items/task that needed time doesn't progress. It's frustrating when you have to wait until the end of day and you have nothing left to do beside sleep and recovering- You can't have all survivors in one campaign, you can only play with 4 of them -- maybe 5the one(s) who came later is random- Some places are randomly ""locked"", I can't go to garage in my 5th gameplay (after 4x failure)grab it while it's 50% off :)"
76561198051957089,Recommended,282070,13014353,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,bennyyeung2008,"After a few tries, i finnally manage to survived the war. This is a great game (not fun tho...) I would give it 8/10.Here are some stories during my last playthrough. Hope you guys like it.I used to be a fireman, I have a wife and i child and live a normal life. But war seperated us.... It changed everything...I met a couple other survivars and we hide in a damaged house. Can we survive this war?Day 7 - A girl came to our door and ask if she can stay with us, the cook deside to let her stay. I am glad we did, she helped us alot especially in the darkest time. Where is my family? Are they still alive?Day 9 - I went to the supermarket, hoping to find some food and supply so that we can live for a few more days before everything runs out. I heard some sounds behind the entrance door. A soldier was trying to force a girl in exchange to give her some food. I waited a few second because he has a assault rifle in his hands. After a moment of hesitation I can't just stand there and watch this happen. So I rushed in and hit him with my crowbar, he is not down, I though he will kill me, I try to hit him again, he strick faster with his buttstock. After a few round of beating each other to death, I finally killed him. The girl ran away, and I am serverely wounded. I pick up the rifle and grab some supply and went home. Luckily we have a couple bandages. It hurts but i am happy to know that the girl is ok.... at least this time.Day 16 - I went to a military post hoping to trade some food with some moonshine we found earlier. Once i got there, the soldiers was trying to shoot me on sigh! Do they know I killed one of his man? I ran away as fas as I can.Day 25 - I went to a school full of thugs, Info said that there are planty of supply there. We were runing out of everything and if the consistant raid happened the past week continues, it will end us in no time, We don't have any more bandages and only a few ammo left. We were desperate. At the school, i can hear them talking about bad things. I found a dead body by the hallway. At the end of the hallway on the top floor, I heard someone was talking to a closed door. I waited unit the guy went away. I picked the door and found someone was lock up behind, He ran away immediately screaming. I was so afraid it will alam the thugs, they had guns and I didn't. So lucky that they didn't hear it. I slowly walk away and tried to grab as much stuff as a can on the way out. I was careless, I made noise and one of them heard it! They almost chased me down before i ran away. I didn't get a lot of stuff home.Day 26 - I have to go to the school again! We need supply!!!! This time,  I grabed a knife and my shotgun, alone wiith all the ammo left. It is the frist time i bring my gun with me on a run. But this is us or them. I knew what are their platrol route from the observation. I hide in the shadow, i wait one of them to come close. And I striked! He was down. Other thugs knew i am here, I ran away like a black cat in shadow and hide again. They were looking for me, They splited up and kept looking. One of them come to my hiding spot... there is a chance for me to strike... I took his life. The other guy heard the fight, he rush to the scene, I quickly ran to the door and used it as cover. I pulled out my shotgun, he came... I fired twice. He is down. i screach the place carefully because i don't know how many mans they got. I spotted the last guy at the back yard. I slowly approach him from behind, I shot him so that i don't give him a chance to fight back. Now they are all dead, Four lives was tooken by my hands... We cleared the building the following few days, there were plenty of food and supply, and ammo too. Will I kill them if i have to choose again? I don't know... I think i will.Day 30 - It is snowing. It is very cold outside. Our house is warm but it will not atsy that way as fuel is running lower and lower everyday. We chopped off all the closest in the house for fuel. Water is beginning to running low too. We were think about buring the guitar for fuel, but the girl who joined us really want to keep it. No question she is a good musician, She played it way better then any of us. We decided to let her keep it, lestening to her music is maybe the only enjoyable thing in this difficult time. I think the foodball guy will agree with me too.Day 37 - What! i can't believe it! The cook told me today that the war may end soon! He heard the radio new. We have some can food we have been saved up, some rat meat and vegi left too. Meds and firewood is running low, but looks like the snow stopped. We only need to hang on for some more days!Day 38 - I ask the cook if the war end yet? He said no....Day 39 - I ask him again. He told me to listen to the radio myself....Day 40 - Radio said the war may ends in any day now!!!Day 41 - We ate all the meat... i hope we can catch come more rats. Is the war going to end????Day 42 - We... We... We made it !!!!!!!!!! We..... survived...Hope you guys enjoy, and I would love to hear you guys' stories."
76561198030030723,Recommended,282070,27281886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Melampus,Very unique and emotional Game.
76561198014934960,Recommended,282070,23407758,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,[littleDONNY]arenaq,"First 2 hours I was dissapointed by imperfection in detail. But this game is not about perfection, its not a perfect simulator. Its about something else - it tells the story. Story of those who were trapped in this cruel world of war and had to learn how to survive. Once you focus on other things besides the mechanics of the game, you will find this game very powerfull, touching and moving. I spend the whole weeking with it and it left something deep within me.I can only hope for sequel."
76561198021321525,Recommended,282070,13041913,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Anima Solis,"To start off, let's talk about the artwork of the game. For being a sidescrolling click and point, it does have a sense of dark, somber beauty. Much like Limbo, the game has a bit of a darker visual aspect, leading to the automatic connection of absolute despair. Character models are fairly well developed and the environments are put together in a way that feels war-torn. While you won't see every brick your survivors are moving, visually, it does a fantastic job of setting the scene.The soundtrack for this game is one of the few players might not automatically turn off. The music score to this little gem is outstanding and again, definitely helps set the tone for the world they'll find themselves exploring. The general sound effects are also nicely done, players are never long forgetting that the reality is that of mortars, snipers, and machine guns.As stated above, it is a point and click survival game, ran in real time. Players will have a certain amount of hours (roughly 10 minutes of actual time, I believe) for survivors to build, cook, eat, catch up on extra sleep, etc. At night, players will have to send someone out for supplies, while maintaining a defense and resting up extra survivors. Sleep deprivation is an extremely dangerous reality and can affect numerous things from speed, to combat capability.This is where the moral issues arise, when players find themselves desperate for food or materials to simply light a fire. Yes, they could attempt to break into that military base that has a fully stocked kitchen and extra niceties scattered about, but is it worth the danger? On the other hand, perhaps that group of well armed thugs needs to shuffle the mortal coil, as it were. Then again, maybe players find themselves outside the homes of couples and survivors that simply want to try to make the best of things - surely you couldn't steal from the sick, elderly, or infirm, right?Those are the choices ""This War of Mine"" puts players in, every time you go out to find resources, you'll be denying them to someone else. Very few areas of the world are abandoned, there will be no shortage of military or rebel forces, as well as local militias and bandits. Of course, there are those that wish to trade for your goods as well, if you've got what they need.But that's where I found a few flaws with the game, or maybe a few flaws with myself. The game gives you no options, there's no choice, it's steal/kill or die. Even in my attempts to quickly set up an industry of sorts, to become self-sufficient in at least one aspect to lighten the load, I found myself always at odds with my resources. That's a very good thing, however (and this is the big one for me) the game inherently believes characters to be of ""good"" nature.If you find yourself in a situation of fight or flight, the combat system is fairly simplistic but you'll likely find it easier to ambush your targets. But be warned!, each ""innocent"" you kill leads your whole group into depression - every ""innocent"" you steal from affects morale as well. Oh, and speaking of stealing, there's only two ways to handle NPCs. Either leave them alone (and if you're a ""bandit"", they'll flee) or kill them. There's no option for stickups, you /have/ to murder. But again, even if you were simply defending yourself, if they weren't a brigand or military, your characters will suffer.That's where I have my biggest concern with the game. I understand that the game wants players to be ""good"" but when every choice you make is generally ""the best of the worst"" and your characters are constantly falling into depression (or broken) status, it puts a spin on the game that just isn't, in my opinion, totally necessary. Yes, the death(s) maybe should hang on the character that performed the deed, but it /is/ war. War is ugly, and ""This War of Mine"" pulls no punches in reminding us of that.Overall 9/10 This game really wants me to like it, and I do absolutely like it and highly recommend it to others. I just have issues with it's moral areas - But then again, maybe that's something with me, not the game."
76561198039450637,Recommended,282070,12968306,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mnacko,This game makes me sad! My soul hurts!
76561198049568493,Recommended,282070,15233260,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Matt Gambler,"tl;dr: Incredible game that allows for a level of player involvement and decision making that isn't easily found anywhere on steam.Pros:- Pretty much everything. Buy this game.Cons:- Crashes for me when alt-tabbing out of fullscreen.- Permadeath isn't for everyone. You can trick the game by pressing alt+f4 if you die, as the game doesn't save instantly.- Location layouts change, but only slightly. because of that you gain a significant advantage once you know what a location looks/plays like and how dangerous it will probably be.- you might decide to kill/rob innocents at some point in the game, definitely not suited for all agesA game that changes you and the way you play it in a way that... is incredibly gripping and intense. What makes this game so great aren't it's features, which are decent and fun, but the stories that happen without any prescripted storyline. It is your decision to kill/rob/help people and there are severe consequences, no matter what your decision will be.Apart from that it is a solid and fun survival experience that involves a lot of ressource management and strategy as well as sneaky stealthmissions and scavenging runs during the night. You will have to deal with hunger, sickness and the cold of winter and if you decide to fight someone, your wounds will take days and sometimes valueable bandages to heal. Not every fight is worth picking in this game and most fights happen either out of desperation or cold-blooded calculation.The game looks at you with a sad look in its eyes and says: ""Look what war turned you into.""After only a few hours I had become so involved I couldn't believe it, I even made a video narrating what had happened to me.  Here, let me share it:https://youtu.be/w_HyzCjxcHYI haven't beat the game yet but I most certainly will. Perhaps even multiple times.NOTE: The Warchild-DLC includes only art that can be seen in the game. The money goes to charity and you get the same content no matter how much you decide to pay."
,Recommended,282070,16981534,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,HevS,"What can i say? Simple but amazing game... The music, the graphics just get's one hell of a good atmosphere for the game.  At first i was like ""Okay, this game is easy, where is the surviving part?"". Now, i'm struggling from day to day, fighting the cold, the hunger, for the survival. Just buy this game, and experience the war from a new perspective, where you're not the soldier, who's just killing everyone for orders, glory or anything, just someone, who wants to get through the war to live to see another day..."
76561198042016692,Recommended,282070,14139885,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Papahsmurph,"You are definitely handicapped. I think i could bring a crowbar to a knife fight and win, but not in this game because crowbars are for opening doors... your base turns into ""melrose place"" when you rob somebody. I've been robbed 4 nights in a row and the first time i rob somebody i get complaints. overall its a good game though the graphics are nice and artsy. really dark setting, but very hard difficulty. I get murdered every game. I'd like a difficulty setting though so i can progress and see what happends next. Just like easy would be start with something hard start with nothing. Great game I recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,13098454,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,RatherSkinny,"The game has alot in it, more than I actually thought it ever would. So TWoM is a survival game where you get cought in between the war. There are so many diffrent starting point in the game which leaves to diffrent gaming experience and doing thought the playin'. This War of Mine is defenatly a game I would recroment for a diffrent kind of gaming experience. Nice and chilly game with some thinking forward and risks inbetween :)4 stars!"
76561197970560548,Recommended,282070,12943092,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Yelmelin,"Quite different from anything I tried before and well worth the money for that reason alone I think. The game has you trying to survive - and be prepared to play it like that. There is no save. You live and die by your own foolish mistakes, which a lot of us are unused to. But at the same time that is what drives home the ambiance, the feeling of futility and makes everything come together here. This is war.I tried to save an innocent woman by attacking a soldier with a crowbar. Sure I got in the first hit - but then he promptly shot her(my character).. And.. then she was gone. I was lucky i could loot some of her items the next night, but ... gone. No save. No load. and *that is the point of the game*. If you do stupid stuff.. you have to deal with it.So.. Enjoy it. How would you do? What risks will you take? And are you always willing to play the hero if it means loosing your own life? Find out here :) I give this game a very good/excellent rating and absolutely recomend it if you are after something different.It might NOT be for you if you want a lot of action. Think more along the lines of barther, scavending, sneaking and pure discovery."
76561198013904815,Recommended,282070,34198531,Posted: 12 August,all,Koraks,"This is one of my absolute favourites.It can be a bit of a timesink, and it will produce feelings that are not always great.I am still playing it though, and I started very early.War is generally glorified in games, killing means nothing, and winning everything.This is a different aspect of war, or any other reason an area might be isolated, which is rarely shown.It never feels good to ""win"" and I suppose this is the emphasized point of the game.Surviving does not equal winning."
76561198028682930,Recommended,282070,13252909,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Jacky M'boy,"I've had the game for about a week now. I've put 10 hours into it during that time. I loved all of it.I hated myself for doing what I had to do. I was angry at being forced into these situations. I was dumbfounded when I wasn't as careful as I thought. I was humbled when lives where ended. I was fearsome to those who wronged me. I was kind to those who were worse off than me. I finally saw the end of war. I regretted a few deaths. Some were unavoidable. I resented some of those who survived.The war ended, and my shelter was more than a graveyard."
,Recommended,282070,20104488,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,.Frost.,"A survival simulator, dealing with a war-torn city and having to survive anyway you can. It deals with a lot of taboo subjects, with some choices that may even offend some players. You bare witness to the cruelty of war and how it changes people, especially when the basics of food, water and shelter run out.But all of that, is what makes the game great, along with the fact that it is simple to learn, it randomizes each scenario and has a lot of replayability. I did a scenario of 46 days to survive the war and that was a solid 4 hours of gaming just there, so it certainly takes up your time.Lots to do in the game, many places to visit and some interesting characters you meet along the way. A very story driven game as well, as you can even listen to a radio, that tells you the latest happenings about the war, like supply shortages of vegetables, etc. One of the better games I've seen from an Indie Developer and a game that I hope DOES NOT become a reality for us all.The DLC is great! Especially ""The Little Ones"", as it adds a whole new dimension to the game. You thought it was difficult with adults surviving in the war? Having kids in the game, makes it much more challenging. More mouths to feed, more responsibility and of course more interaction with them, that drains your time and energy. They cannot go out and scavenge nor can they defend the house at night. This makes the game much more real and brings about a whole new aspect of how brutal and disturbing war can be on humanity.5 out of 5 Beers from me.Cheers,.Frost."
76561198030176685,Recommended,282070,13263238,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Kaustek,"This game is fresh and new; I greatly enjoy it.It's a post-apocalyptic side scroller that focuses on survival, crafting, and moral decisions.I can not stress enough how well this game was made for being an indie title.The experience is immersive; I found that I had lost 3 hours of my day in what felt like 30 minutes.I would recommend this game for the survival minded few.A few of my experiences:1.) I sent one of my survivors to a hospital to find some food and medical supplies. Armed only with a shotgun and a handful of rounds, I load up on all I can loot and was about to make my way out of the building. I was eyeing a guard and saw that he had an AK-47 looking assault weapon... I wanted it, oh boy did I want it. I made the mistake of pulling my shotgun out and pumped the guard with 2 slugs. He fell over in a bloody mess. I instantly felt remorse, but had a satisfied feeling of obtaining a much more viable survival tool. I then heard footsteps pounding overhead. I made my way towards the exit of the clinic before I was stopped by two guards with automatic assault rifles. Without question they both lit up my character, fifteen rounds each and he slumped over striving for a last breath. I lost a friend that day.I personally felt bad for my actions. One of the few games that is able to instill emotions other than high adrenaline and rage inducing mechanics. I am in love.2.) A runaway theif appeared at the doorstep of my safehouse. Begging for someplace to stay, so I allowed the woman into my home. It was getting dark and I had to make plans for the night. I decided to send the woman out on her first mission to gather supplies and armed her with a knife. She made her way to a quiet house and opened the front door. From within the house a loud cry rang out. ""GET OUT OF MY HOME."" cried an old man jumping out of his armchair. He approached the woman and demanded that she left. Showing no mercy, the woman pulled out the knife and with one flick of the wrist, plunged the cold steel into the man's throat spewing forth a ribbon of red silk. The old man's wife, hearing the commotion decided to enter the room and witnessed her husband's corpse hit the floor. Scared for her life, the old woman ran for the back door. However, she was too late. One swift prick and the knife entered her spine. She died before she hit the floor. The woman took everything the couple owned and fled back to the safe house.I sincerely felt bad for these people. However, I need to survive. I was surprised to see the impact it made on the character and the rest of the party. For I was not expecting such an in-depth experience."
76561198046200117,Recommended,282070,30103120,Posted: 22 February,all,Tyrannosaurus rekt,"Man this game is really frustrating, you spend 20 days to equip your people and then booom! Some Thug just shot your collector.... I usually lost it at this point and went next day straight to their place to go rampage and kill everyone without any mercy. So this game really can trigger your feelings.I really loved it, great game!"
76561198131352860,Recommended,282070,13000078,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,grauj,"Respawning and cheap, remorseless ruthlessness have died. Long live this game! Any complaints on the moral boundaries of This War of Mine should be directed to its source of inspiration."
76561198078188257,Recommended,282070,13000306,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Shenanigator,"If you look for fun, you are wrong here. However, the game is compelling and incredibly captivating.No other game manages to make you feel like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for taking things you need. It sets perspective to the FPS of the world, where you mindlessly blow heads of and get points.The setting is perfect. No zombies or other supernatural ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that would taint this idea. It feels very harsh and incredibly satisfying at the same time. At least if you manage to have something good happen to you (which is very very rare)It has some flaws. If you managed to set yourself up well enough, you can just stay home for a long period of time without worrying about anything but water. Luckily, a ""traveling merchant"" will take care of that need, making it nigh unnecessary to go scavenge.Sometimes it feels a bit clunky in regards to the movement, but it's very minor and mainly nitpicking.Definitely recommend to anyone that loves a real survival game, where killing everything is an option, but not necessarily one you want to takeIt's not a lightly made decision to shoot the older sister just trying to protect her family, or rob the old couple that can't defend themselfes and just wants to live through the war"
,Recommended,282070,25537085,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TIEFT,Now i hate more winter than war.10/10
,Recommended,282070,33582342,Posted: 16 July,all,Catsure One,"Been playing 26 hours for the past two weeks, and I cannot seem to get boredom out of this game."
,Recommended,282070,24548328,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,srs,"This War of Mine: A different perspective on war...Unlike most games based on war which are based on the POV's of soldiers, in This War of Mine you play as innocent civillian(s) that are just simply trying to survive. Despite which characters you have, each have their own unique stories and personalities that you'll learn more about as the game progresses. As the player, you have a lot to focus on to ensure the survival of your characters such as food, scavanging supplies, maintaining proper temperature, preparing for raids, etc... Of course the central mechanic of this game is decision making, and you'll be facing a lot of tough ones all throughout, as the game does a really good job at testing your morality:Are you willing to give away useful bandages to a wounded mother?Will you rob people for their medications to help your dying friends?Are you going to kill innocents for their valueable supplies?These are just a few of the many questions you'll be asking yourself while playing. You have to be very thoughtful about what you choose to do as your characters will face the mental consequences of your decisions (ex. becoming depressed, start to fight with each other)If you're into survival/strategy games, be sure to try out This War of Mine. Definitely worth the money, and has great replay value as well!"
76561197993296819,Recommended,282070,12966014,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Plesner,"I highly recommend this game. Being 37 years old having a Lambda 8300 as my first computer I have now found that there is quite far between the games that really catches my attention and gives me that ""joy of gaming"" i had when i was younger. This game have depth and you have to carefully manage what you are doing. Also like the fact that it's not just the traditional Save/Rewind approach - your mistakes are going to cost you if you don't play wise."
,Recommended,282070,12977855,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Moe,"10/10She's not well, i can tell. She couldn't hide it even if she wanted to. Her mood is broken. Despite all attemps to bring her food, talk to her, telll her to get some sleep. She just seem destroyed by the war. sometimes she keeps to herself at night and doesn't sleep at all. Poor little thing. I wonder, maybe seeing Pavle risk his life for us every night is starting to lay heavy on her heart. I see the light in her eyes every morning when he makes it back. I must admit... I dont know what we would do without him. the fella is doing a whole lotta of good for us.And to make things worse, Bruno is always complaining, i want this or that. I want some cirgarettes. Why is it so cold in here, while Pavle is just trying to get some rest from the hellish night he just had. i can see the look on Pavle's face when Bruno keeps on babling about his cigarettes and his restauant. Were all getting more tired everyday, and hearing Bruno's complaints just doesn't help. I really dont know why Bruno is complaining, he always insist to stay home for the night... claiming we need someone on overwatch. he's right, but i bet Pavle would gladly take a shift or two on watch sometimes.But Pavle goes out almost every night, for him... for us... Heck even for strangers. I never heard Pavle complain about going out at night. I really dont know how he does it, the bandits, the poor peaople begging in the streets, not to mention the snipers who just use the civilians as target practice. Two nights ago, two kids came by our shelter asking for medications. They said that their mother is dying. they said, we just need a few sir, please help us. I could see the way he had a hard time telling them that we didn't have anything. But he said come back tomorow i might stop by the hospital if the weather is right. that poor little girl seemed so happy. Pavle tried to smile back, but he knew too well that the chances that he finds medication were slim...Last night Pavle came back with blood stains on his jacket, he said it was nothing to worry about, its just a scrach. He went strait to bed without even eating, not to mention his guitar, he usualy always plays guitar before going to sleep. I wonder what happened, He must see all sorts of nasty things out there. He never really tells us what happens when he's out. I guess he knows how sensitive Katia is, She doesn't need to hear all the gruesome details of what's out there.God i wish this war is over soon.Today Pavle brought back coffee for Katia, he knows how much she loves it, but nothing does it. i think she really misses her familly. she's falling more and more into dark thoughts. She even told me that she wanted to end it herself... whats the point she said. She then went on how she was sick of it all, how she couldn't take the hunger anywmore.Those kids, they never came back, she mumbled with tears in her eyes. Those poor chiIdrens....I kept on telling her that we needed her. that we all need each other in order to survive this hell. Even made her a coffee, she didn't even look at it.And then Bruno came in the room, i could see it in his face, he was angry, he said, I've never seen you bring anything special for us! I swiftly replied that Pavle might not bring what you want, but he always brings what we need. Then the argument escalated on how he could have made room for something more... useful. Pavle just kept his cool, never said a word, then Bruno said, WELL!, AREN'T YOU GONNA SAY SOMETHING! Pavle just looked in Bruno's eyes, and pulled two cigarettes from his jacket. Bruno just sat there for a moment...and said... You Know, we can sell those for a pretty good amount of food... Pavle then said, i found some veggetables on my way back, would go well with the frozen rats you found. Im sure you can make it taste like the stew my mother used to make,,, after all, you're the Chef. Bruno smiled and left the room. Katia stopped crying and we went on... for another chapter...i will survive... this war of mine..."
76561198287019694,Recommended,282070,24047336,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Aias,"Really touching game. Personally for me or maybe for us who haven't experienced war before this game bring us to that atmosphere. When food and materials become rare and hard to get, what will you do? kill or be killed? barter for it or scavenge it in very dangerous area? this is what we learn from this game. War is not Fun, war is evil and war bring suffering for everyone. This war of mine do make me enjoy the whole experience during playing it and understand what people suffer and do during the war. during gameplay the decision you make affect the whole game. So don't expect when you kill some bandit your character will become sad and even think is it even necessary. For those who look for survival games, wanted to experience war like atmosphere that feel by the people during war or just find this game interesting and want to play it. i can guarantee you will love this game. give it 10/10 for me and peace for the world. let's hope for no war happen anymore.:)"
,Not Recommended,282070,34296913,Posted: 16 August,all,General Kass,"Walk into a hospital. A soldier tells you to behave yourself, so you violently chop up the chair he’s currently sitting on for firewood, then sell it back to the nearest doctor. Then you go home and build a guitar using only wood, gears, and a broken guitar.I really like what this War of Mine is trying to do, but I’m not a fan of the execution. The game centers around resource management and crafting in the style of civilians trapped in a city under siege. As you fight to survive, you’ll have to build beds, make alcohol, gather firewood, and scrounge the ruined cities.Characters are well developed through their updating bios, Bruno especially. The game has a striking somber tone and grey scale art style which is especially wonderful to see during the winter scenarios. However, I think the most tragic thing about the game is the pacing. A typical story lasts 45 in game days. That’s a long time when there's only a maximum of 24 scavengable locations and most of those will be inaccessible at any given time due to either a raging battle or snow.The war in This War of Mine doesn't actually effect the game that much. Sure, there are locations guarded by soldiers. Sure, you can hear shells in the ambience. But bandits and snow are a far greater threat than anything the military in this game has to offer. Shells will never hit your house and break your defenses. Battles will never occur outside your shelter. Rebel fighters will never hold you up at gunpoint for supplies as all attacks on your shelter happen off screen. Without some context to ground the player in the setting of an ongoing civil war, the game might as well be set immediatley after a nuclear apocalypse because the ongoing battle on its own has no meaning. This War of Mine isn't your war at all.The point is that once you get past the game’s unique premise, there’s not a lot to do. Once you have your essentials and are generating some tradable items, you can skip most of your time in the shelter. The difficulty curve is initially a sharp climb because you don’t know what to expect. Once you know what locations need what item and which items are the most useful, the difficulty curve hits freefall at terminal velocity. The result is that you have everything you need to survive and trade with around Day 20 and then have nothing to do for the remaining 25 days. Once I realized this, I decided to raid army strongholds just for fun.I wish I had more to say, but overwhelmingly I was just bored. Returning from scavenging was always the same. Send tired people to bed, feed someone, make moonshine, see if trader will show up, skip to night, repeat. The scavenging can throw a few curveballs with enemies and a tiny inventory, but that just wasn’t enough to keep me engaged. I appreciate what this game is trying to do and the message it sends, but as a game I think it falls short.Strong game design is about short term goals and long term goals. ExamIple from Monopoly: My long term goal is to make other players bankrupt. To do that, I'm going to buy this property at all costs.This War of Mine asks you to make your own short term goal (what supplies you need) and also your long term goal (finishing the game). The game provides no hints about when its ending is coming or how to achieve it until the late game. This leaves players stranded around the half way point as they have no overarching task to complete. All you can do is wait and continue to amass a dragon's hore of supplies. This uncomfortable lull makes the game feel like a cheap mobile app rather than a cohesive interactive experience. There's another way to complete the game, but it requires sufficient planning (or luck) and it's locked on a timer. There's nothing to hold you until the ending and when it happens it's incredibly underwhelming.Edit: After finishing the game with all my survivors still alive, I think I know why I got bored. Too much water. It's such a simple thing, but it's true. With 2 rain water collectors, you can collect 16 water per day for the price of 12 scrap. That water is then used to make alcohol, grow food, or grow meds and tobacco, all of which are trading staples. You can collect 16 gallons of rain water in 12 hours when its not even raining outside. You don't even need to boil or otherwise sanatize your water. I never took water from scav locations because I had near unlimited amounts of it. By the end of the game, I was trading 25 gallons of water for 30+ pieces of scrap, to make more water, to make more alcohol. I didn't need anything because if I ever ran low on food (I didn't) I could just trade more water for food. Water is, in my opinion, the single most overpowered resource in the entire game.What's underpowered, undervalued (to new players), and underavailible is electronic components. You don't know how much you need until you already upgrade your workbenches, which is punishing to new players. There seems to be a finite number of this resource, but they're not especially important unless your entire strategy is to make your own cigs, food, and medicene.Final thought: The inventory system also doesn't make a lot of sense to me, even for a video game. 15 cigs take up the same backpack space as 2 wooden planks or 4 piles of scrap? 15 cigs take up the same space as 20 bullets? Do you, player, really believe that? The limiting of these small objects doesn't make me weigh the pros and cons of cigs vs wood, it just tells me ""buy it from the merchant instead."" As a result, you can ignore luxuries entirely until your house has become the local brewery.  It's even worse since there are three different types of cigs and different types don't stack in the same inventory slot. So if you have 1 tobacco cig, 1 quality roll-up, and 1 roll-up you're using the same inventory space as 6 wood planks OR 12 pieces of scrap. All of this points to the conclusion that inventory should have been based on weight instead of slot, because otherwise players have no need to weigh the pros and cons, there is always a definite right answer. Not all characters want luxuries and there's no penalty for not getting people thier coffee or cigs so I rewarded my survivors with cigs and coffee because, again, I had nothing else to do. I was bored."
76561198021181507,Recommended,282070,12943837,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TheFantasticFlyingTaco,Puts a whole new perspective on war
76561198082527009,Recommended,282070,28798655,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Scarecrow [USA],"This game is like The Sims, but for emo kids."
,Recommended,282070,13708028,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Razz,"So Marko dun ♥♥♥♥ed up. He killed. He stole. He was shot. Sick. And he slept in a bed for 7 days recovering from wounds he couldn't patch up because he had no meds, he just focused his entire life on building chairs and beds. Why? Because he liked to decorate. He then proceeded to stand, in place, for 12 days straight, not eating, sleeping, nor recovering from his severe depression, anxiety, starvation, and sleep deprivation. One day, Marko said ♥♥♥♥ you and left. He then came back, stole the last of the food and med supplies I had, killed the rest of my survivors, and became a gang leader for the rest of his days. Marko was a pretty nice guy, but you had to get past the fact that he loved his chairs and beds, and his decorative lifestyle, more than he cares for the others around him. Marko don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about you."
76561198159168152,Not Recommended,282070,26023030,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Zidgel,"It's a good game very good looking and well made, but not a very long lasting game unless you're really into it. I found myself bored of the game after I just ended up doing the same thing over and over and over again. So you if you get bored from grinding, or things of that sort, fairly easily stay away from this game. Also Some of the characters are clearly better than others so it gets kinda frustrating when you're a hour into a playthrough and you realize that this game could be 10 times easier. I would only recommend this game if it's on sale and even then play the first hour. If you don't like it then just return because the rest of the game is just going to be more of the sameThose are my thoughts, my dude."
,Recommended,282070,31125849,Posted: 13 April,all,Nabster,*wipes eye*please just play it...
76561198116226654,Recommended,282070,12941860,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,chaostracker,War mongers should experience this and open their eyes.
76561198253277890,Not Recommended,282070,26577618,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,gggelnok,"From all the reviews I thought I'd get a deep, atmospheric game. At the beginning it was something uniqe and challenging but after a while it became boring and repetitive.It is not complicated at all, pure resource management in a very-very slow manner.The game keeps you committed for around 2-3 hours and that's it.I already deleted it from both my PC and laptop.I'm sorry to say this as I wanted to develop a positive approach to it... :("
76561198053258050,Recommended,282070,12976200,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mag,Over a period of 20 days i developed a really good relationship with my characters. Then one night something went wrong and someone died. It was at this point that i put game down in sorrow. When she died food started to grow scarce. I can only guess what else will happen.P.S. This game is freaking awesome!P.P.S. When they say this game will impact you in real life they really mean it
,Recommended,282070,13989778,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,★ITzSaga★,"A game that really makes you feel sad, and let's you feel the experience of surviving a war zone.Simply a masterpeice."
76561198067505253,Recommended,282070,23761920,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Protomario,"This War of Mine is a survival based game that requires the player to venture through the dregs of war via a 2D side scrolling graphical presentation.The goal is to collect supplies and live through war, all while trying to avoid death and conflicts that come to your front door.Decisions and choices will be made from people asking for help, to requsting donations, to demanding donations.It's your choice what happens in this game, will you turn away survivors or will you build the future."
76561198075949029,Recommended,282070,13340206,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Fancy Withered Bonnie,everyone is alrightbruno kills someoneeveryone gets broken amd dies
,Recommended,282070,13168478,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jbp,"After hearing about overwhelmingly positive comments of this game. I have to say that, all of those comments are true.It is worth buying if you love genre of survival and stealth games . It's not like any other one that just involves with zombies or that kind of thing.The game centres around groups of people struck in civil war. What you have to do mainly is to struggle to survive, search around for food and supplies as well as protect your group from invaders.The gameplay is quite excellent. Though I'm not used to its aspect. You'll have many things to do throughout the day. And prepare yourself for each night. Any decision of you may impacts the end of your characters. Even though I still did't make it to the end, the game now satisfies me already."
,Recommended,282070,13517072,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,lmp,"I can't gush enough about this game. Very polished yet simple, a platform based side scroller survival game. The controls are solid, and though the story is very generic I found myself getting attached to the characters regardless. Replay value is top notch, definitely reccomend picking this one up."
,Recommended,282070,13252299,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,The Witcher,"I can't ever do this game and why it's unbelievably good, justice. The concept of realistic wars in games never struck me as the kind to hold my attention, yet this game, mixed with its survival elements and its whole new take on what war means and what it does to an individual, has managed to do just that, and has done so extremely well.The game is based on true life events from the Siege of Sarajevo in 1992 (and countless more perspectives I imagine). A video in particular, shows Emir Cerimovic's accounts of what daily life was like, struggles for basic needs (no water, food, electric), what it was like to be involved in war as a child, the unimaginable terrors that come with war, seeing those you believe to be good, turn into monsters when filled with desperation and despair. That video, along with several other videos is what made me buy this in the first place. This War of Mine, on all accounts, did close to what I believe to be justice in trying to convey what it means to survive, what you'll do to survive, and what it truly means to be in something so horrific.If you have some spare time, please go and check out 11bitstudios's YouTube channel and have a look at the game."
,Recommended,282070,12955232,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Very Buttery Bread,"Only after about an 1 hour of gameplay, this game is already putting me onto a guilt trip. I can't believe i killed 2 elderly couples just for a can of food and some bandages.....what have i become.....Buy this game, and you will know the true meaning of war, it will make you love peace. 100000/10 Best Guilt Trip Ever."
,Recommended,282070,15722123,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Bread,"Brief Description of GameplayThis War of Mine is a game in which your goal is to manage a group of civilians in their attempt to survive while trapped inside a city near a warzone.The game is 3D but characters move around on a 2D axis.This War of Mine is played primarily using the mouse.  You click to select which character you want to control and simply left click the location you want your character to move to.Buttons appear on objects in the environment when you can interact with them.  Typical actions include things like searching, hiding, climbing, lockpicking or prying things open and so on.Weapons can be selected using the mouse as well.  While a weapon is drawn, contextual buttons will appear in the environment allowing you to take cover behind walls and tables and other things.You play one day at a time.There's a day phase where your civilians are in their shelter and your task is to take care of their needs and build things.At night you can choose to select one of your civilians to go scavenge.Resource management is a big focus in this game.Acquire materials / food / weapons through whatever means you can.  Barter, loot, scavenge, steal, take by force.  Aid other people, take from them or even murder them.  The game does little to restrict your actions, but be prepared to face big consequences depending on what you do.....ProsUses several forms of procedural generation to give each playthrough different challenges to deal with.The number of areas accessible for scavenging and the time frame in which they are accessible is always changing.The layout and contents of those areas is constantly changing.The game surprises you with all kinds of sudden and difficult scenarios where you have to make decisions that carry big consequences.Care is put into crafting some interesting and diverse backgrounds for the civilians you can play with.Your civilians aren't cold or emotionless.  If you do something they don't like, it'll affect their mood/morale.Maintains a dreary atmosphere that fits well with the setting.Explores war from an infrequently used perspective, which makes the game feel unique.Nice artistic style.ConsThis game can be intensely time consuming.Depending on what's happening and where you choose to go at night, the pace of the game can be very slow.  This fits the idea of being focused on survival in a warzone though so it's kind of appropriate.Combat, danger and death can be sudden and hectic.  Once again though, this actually kind of serves the game's purpose well.Sometimes, playing through the daytime portions can feel a bit dull and repetitive as you'll simply be eating / bandaging / sleeping and so on.  I do have to admit that this is probably a good picture of what it'd actually be like for survivors though.If you're bored, have plenty of time to spare and don't mind the slightly sluggish pacing,  I definitely recommend this game."
76561198022182244,Recommended,282070,13744447,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rogred,"A very interesting game that really makes you feel the outcome of robbing someone...or letting someone die...It forces you into really sad decisions. War is Hell...I guess I should say the story of my group I guess...In the beggining we found each other on this building, we didn't had food or anything. So, we searched each building we could find. Marko was our skilled scavenger, Bruno, me, an excellent cook, and Pavle, a football player, who was a good runner. Marko, on one night, went to this quiet house, he found an old couple which had food and medicine, which we really needed, so he made a difficult choice in stealing some supplies. Time passed... Marko was ready for another run, but little did he know that this was gonna be his last time saying ""I'll see you guys in a bit."" to the others. He went to this church. When he got there he didn't see anybody, but when he went down some stairs 2 guys told him to leave, Marko being a good fellow, told them that he wanted to trade, but the strangers kept insisting on him to leave so they punched him and he fought back, but since he was wounded, sadly the 2 strangers killed Marko...Pavle was devastated even more, since he was already in depression, plus, he was sick and was bleeding. Bruno tried to talk with Pavle, but Pavle wanted to be left alone, so he left. That night Bruno went for a run to scavenge, he got to this school where there was rebel soldiers, he went to the door and was greeted by a soldier who told him to leave, but was willing to trade, so Bruno started walking away, but then he realized Pavle needed medication and bandages, so he went in by force and the soldier told him to stop, but Bruno kept searching, the soldier told him ""I'm gonna let you go this time, but next time you won't be so lucky."" As Bruno was about to leave he heard soldiers screaming ""Hey, you, stop!' from the other side of the building. He ran till he got back to his shelter, but it wasn't over yet... He went to the bathroom and saw Pavle hanging with a note that said ""I can't take it anymore"". Bruno fell to the floor crying and started thinking ""Is suicide the only way out of this hell?""."
,Recommended,282070,32771587,Posted: 25 June,all,LandeyZ,"A small, but great game about surviving in a town plagued by a war. In This War Of Mine, you play as a group of people (or just one guy, your choice) to survive in the fictional town of Pogoren during a conflict between some rebels and the army. Each character has his/her own story. It's best to find out the game's mechanics first, then restart your story and play through it again. You'll search for food, bandages, weapons and medicine to battle sickness, wounds and hunger. People will die, but if you help others they will help you. You can steal or barter, kill or get killed. Each action has consequences, some small, some gigantic. You need to battle winter, outbreaks of crime and the army storming the town. You can betray your friends for rewards and guilt, or keep them safe and suffer.In the end, it is your choice, and the ending will be based around the choices you make.A con would be that the game isn't too full of content, but in my opinion it doesn't need that. This game is great with the ammount of resources to play with it gives you, you make your own content.By buying this game, a small percentage will go to charity, which I find great.Anyways, buy the game!EDIT: The soundtrack and style of the game is also pretty nice, and even a very basic PC can run it well (those Intel graphics ones, ♥♥♥♥ those)"
,Recommended,282070,29064279,Posted: 6 January,all,funny guy,An amazing game that will make you think about the attrocities of war. This really made me think about Palestine and Syria.
,Recommended,282070,13250099,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dubz,"This is one of those games where the characters and the decisions you make are something you will genuinely care about. My second run is so far my best (35 days) and man, it was a rollercoaster and a half. It's so easy to play the good guy and help out everyone you can, however it is very easy to forget that your characters are also trying to survive the war. It was heartbreaking seeing my favourite group member steal supplies and abandon the rest when it seemed the end was near (which it was).The mechanics of the game are pretty easy to get used to and once you get things rolling, the in-game days will pass by over and over until something detrimental happens. This is an extremely addictive game and I would definately recommend this to others. A great $17.99 worth of feels."
76561198272247611,Recommended,282070,22928174,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,wyldboy47,"Really wonderfully made game, it was both challenging and rewarding. It has tons of replay value and I enjoyed it a lot. :>"
76561198078565954,Recommended,282070,25654535,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,OmnipotentMidget,"-Managed to make it to 12th day with a wealth of supplies. Doing well overall.-Get raided in the night for three nights in a row due to crimewave-Pavlo and Roman get badly wounded as a result-Send out Marko to get bandages from a hospital-Marko becomes depressed because we stole from the hospital-Nobody can do anything because they're either depressed, wounded, or both-Pavlo dies from wounds-Marko runs away in the night-Roman dies from wounds-What have I done8/10 would cry again"
,Recommended,282070,13722013,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MichiganBro,"WAR, huh, what is it good for? Absolutely NOTHIN'!"
,Recommended,282070,15831217,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Xpliciit,"This War Of Mine is not the kind of game i have played before and if it wasn't recommended by a friend or being livestreamed by said friend i would probably not have bought it myself. Therefore i bought it not long after its release in November 2014 and have been putting quite a bit of time into it since then.Having said that, This War Of Mine is honestly incredibly gripping and addictive! I found myself having played it 12 hours straight right after buying and installing it without realising just how long i had been playing for. At the time of buying this the game basically started completely randomly every time you start over,  meaning you started with different characters at different seasons in the year with different lengths of conflict each time. In one such scenario or story you would start with just one character in your bombed ruin of a shelter, in another you would start with two characters in winter so your characters were more susceptable to illness.The basic concept of the game is to survive the war with whatever characters you start with. You can craft various worktables in order to make weapons or tools and to brew moonshine or grow herbs and tobbaco to make medicines or cigarrettes. You can also craft beds, chairs, heaters, a cooker etc, but in order to build these you can choose one character to scavenge at night. Of course this means that if you have only one character your shelter is likely to be raided at night and your items stolen. You can also be raided while one of your characters is at your shelter during the night but sometimes they will injure your characters to steal your items.The random characteristics of this game can keep you gripped for hours without realising it and the look and feel of the game are so fitting with the games setting. Since this game has released however the Devolopers have released quite a bit of content for it changing just how your characters stories will play out. Firstly instead of completly random stories that you could start with they implemented the ability for you to choose which story you play which means you can pick which characters you would then start with. This gives you a little more choice as to how difficult or easy you will find playing through the story but anything could still happen and your characters could still all become deeply depressed, starved or terminally ill, or worse murdered.New Features / DLCThe developers have also released a DLC content for this game in which all proceeds go to the War Child Charity and you can choose how much you pay for this content - there are three prices all for the same content and it all goes to charity. This DLC content i believe added 'Graffiti' to the various locations that can be scavenged. The Graffiti are War Paintings and a little information about the paintings histories can be found on the main menu of the game when you first open the game from steam.The Developers had also added at some point a new shelter that your characters can randomly start in, i dont think there is a way of choosing which of the two shelters you start in but both i think have the same amount of rooms / space. Also there have been at least two new scavengeable locations added recently which add interesting new things to see and loot.Lastly (as of writing) the developers had also added in a feature called Scenario Editor in which you can create your very own scenario or story. This allows you to control things such as the length of conflict, when winter comes, how long winter lasts and how severe the winter will be. You can choose how many characters you start out with and you can even choose to make a whole new character and upload an image of your choosing to use as its portrait. This means you can take a picture of yourself and play This War Of Mine as yourself!!All in all this is a fantastic game with awesome developers who are continuously adding new free content and massively supporting their game and i can very highly recommend this game to pretty much anyone because it will honestly keep you playing for many many hours."
,Recommended,282070,13692678,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Beatupluncbox,"Every morning when Pavel came home everyone was happy. The music even became happy. Then Pavel got killed stealing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now everyone is sick, sad, tired and hungry. Including me.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,23882725,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ScaRR,First of all this game is unique. It has a great atmosphere and you feel like you are in the apocalypse. The came mechanics are simple and easy to learn. It is mostly designed for console but plays just fine on PC. You have to carefully plan and manage your resources. You have a selection of locations you raid but choose wisely because it can be the difference between life and death. This game has a lot of replay value and will be different everytime you play it. The only negative for me is that is no saving system and the progress is only saved after a full day cycle but there are ways around it if you read the forums.Overall brilliant and a refreshing alternative the the games currently out there.
,Recommended,282070,23797199,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Foggy Dreamer,"My First Playthrough:Day 1 - Bruno, Katia and Pavle meet up and decide to work together.Day 4 - Katia helps their neighbor Zora board up her windows.Day 5 - Pavle finds medication for Matey's sick father at the Garage.Day 9 - Bruno protects Zora from bandits during the night.Day 10 - Pavle is killed during a misunderstanding at St. Mary's Church.Day 12 - Katia is gunned down by a soldier at the Supermarket.Day 14 - Roman asks Bruno to hide him for a while.Day 18 - Marin joins the group after his workshop burns down.Day 24 - Marin is shot by a thug at a Small Apartment Building.Day 25 - Roman steals food from the occupants of a Semi-Detached House.Day 28 - Roman dies while trying to ambush military deserters at the Ruined Villa.Day 30 - Boris teams up with Bruno after finding his home in ruins.Day 31 - Nenad and his sister beg for medicine for their sick mother, but there is none.Day 33 - Boris visits the Ruined Villa to scavenge. He doesn't return.Day 39 - Bruno conserves his supplies and barely fights off the violent nightly raids.Day 42 - Bruno visits the City Hospital to treat his wounds and donate the little he has.Day 45 - The war is over. Only Bruno survives to tell their story.Take the civilian's perspective during a time of war and spend each day fighting against hunger, sleep and depression. Scavenge for medicine, weapons and anything that can help you survive. Feel the desperation as you are forced to make difficult and unforgiving choices.""This War of Mine"" is one of the most emotional survival games that I have had the fortune of experiencing. I would highly recommend it to all gamers and non-gamers alike."
,Recommended,282070,13174886,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Enforcer,"An outstanding example of when video games are done right, they can be an incredibly powerful tool to teach. We all know war is THE most savage and destructive thing that can happen, and this game does such an epic job at conveying that atmosphere of fear and desperation. There's so much the devs can add as well, I can only imagine this getting better with time.Resource management, stealth, tactics and action all come together to make gameplay feel so good. There isn't explosions going off in every direction, there isn't flashy colours or shouting, it's a slow-paced game told at a pace to help tell the story and the characters in it, which I love. I think the most tense I've ever found a game is this, when you're desperate for food, you've gone to a dangerous place to find some meat and you're trying to quietly search a house without the crazy bandits hearing you and killing you. THAT. IS. TENSE. Buy this game, it's an experience."
,Recommended,282070,13697851,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"This game is by far one of my fav games of 2014. This War of Mine well take your soul down a road that well show what kind of person you really are. To explain this i would like to tell you a story about my first game play exp. It started off with three civi survivors of a brutal war, Two males and a female. I decided to take my female to the church my first night and see if I can recieve any help and get a feel for the game. I arrived at the church to find a priest, where I proceeded to speak to him where he informed me he cant help because he was robbed earlier. I decided to take a look around the church not steeling anything just looking around, when I opened a door into their kitchen i was approached by the priest and his ""crew"" where they then proceeded to beat my character until she was dead. I woke up on day two with only two characters left who are now depressed because of thier loss. Now knowing what I know I decided to take the approach I wanted to take in the first place, I'm going to look out for number one and number one only. I speant the next two days stealing supplys from every where i could to keep my remaining two characters alive. on day 4 I found a super market, inside I found food, water, matts, and two people talking, a male soldier and a female civi. The civi was looking for food and asked the soldier for help. He said he would help but he wants something in return, and that something is sex. she said no and he then proceeded to hit her and drag her out back to take what he wanted. not wanting to lose my supplies I left her to to the will of that soldier and his perverse ways. On day 5 I sent out to look for more supplies in some houses because my other character I left back at the shelter was becoming sick and needed meds but i was caught and they shot my character in back while trying to escape.. I woke up on day 6 with one character left who is now getting really sick. There where some houses with low threat and lots of food and meds so i decided to head there in a last ditch attepmt to stay alive. When I arived I found two very old folks a man and his very sick wife living there. He came up to me and asked what I needed and if I could leave him and his sick wife alone. They where just robbed and didnt have much left he said, but needing meds i decided to rob this old man and his wife blind stealing everything they had, he begged and begged me not to take the meds so his wife would live but i stole them any ways. When I got home back to the shelter my character became very depressed, disqusted with his actions of robbing that old couple. Day 7 would become my last day. Completely disqusted with his actions, his loses, and the way the world is, my last character hung him self and commited suicide ending the game. Because of all that I realized I have dark cold heart because after that hole ordeal if I was that last guy that hole ordeal would not have ♥♥♥♥ed me up that bad haha but to each his own. Great game, Great Story, Good Graphics, and hours upon hours of fun 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13353749,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mister Rogers,"IGN said it best when they said "" 'This War of Mine' might be the war game we need."" I will go one step further and say itisthe war game we need.You take the role of citizens of the city of Pogoren, trapped in a bitter feud between militia-rebels and soldiers. Unlike any game I've played or heard of, neither side is ""good"" nor is either side ""bad"". Your job is to survive the bloody conflict. Every single day is a struggle to survive. Who gets to eat? Who gets to sleep in a bed? Who has to risk their life at night to go out into the city? And most importantly of all, can we take life of an innocent? All these are questions you'll ask yourself every day.Before you begin 'This War of Mine' I highly suggest you attempt to get into character. Don't go in thinking ""Oh they're just pixels."" Put yourself in the shoes of each of your survivors and attempt to think what you would do. You'll find yourself truly asking yourself the tough questions.I can't recommend ""This War of Mine"" enough. I will not say I was brought to tears, but this game has made me question what I am capable of. ""War is Hell,"" said Sherman, and he was right. 'This War of Mine' does a better job depicting war than any game to date. There is no glamour, there is no honor. There is survival, and in the end that's all you can ask for."
76561198032721778,Recommended,282070,12961039,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Moon Hunter,"All right, so This War of Mine is really good, but has some issues that keep it from being great.The Pros:This the first game I have ever played that give you a realistic look at surviving in a war zone and the things you may have to do to survive. It is brutal, unfair but balanced in strange way. You spend day working around you shelter, using things you found during the night or traded for to make things to trade or upgrade your home. You want to be able to make booze, a major trade item, so water and a distillery are two biggies, with beds up there as well. Also being  able to make crowbars, lock picks, and saws are major important, so get a tool bench asap. During the night, you put people on guard, sleep, or scavenge. You have to balance the needs of everyone, and I found that my people would spend most of the day sleeping, doing a few small odd jobs first things, and the night on guard duty, with the exception of sick or hurt people who got more sleep. Its scary to be sneaking around a war zone, seeing the bombed out ruins of a city, as you try to survive. There are other survivors out there, some civilians, others military, and some will attack you on the spot, or if you go in their stuff, or they will leave you alone.The Cons:You can only send out one scavenger a night, which sucks, and I don't like. I'm sorry, but if I have three or four survivors I would send out two to get stuff and make survival easier, risk vs reward. If i get raided and they kill the one peoson left behind, then thats the price I pay. The game is also very slow during the day, not much happens, and there doesn't appear to be a way to fast forward other than skipping to the night, however if you do that then you may miss a afternoon visitor, person selling something or someone who needs help (the later never game me anything for the help which seemed a bit odd, but I was ok with that, made sense).All in All:I like the game, but it's slow and not for everyone. That being said, this was a war game that we needed, show the other side of the excited blow everything up action. This is what happens to the people and what is left behind when the military rolls through."
,Recommended,282070,13738743,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,K42,"Day 9 and all is going well for the four survivors. They've got some barricades up, they've got some building materials, weapons and decent items for trade but they're short on food. Night falls and one of them decides to investigate an apartment that they discovered the night before. He thinks his pistol and four bullets will get him past any hostility. They don't. Day 10 and the three remaining survivors are depressed as they discuss the loss of their companion. They get through the day and send another of their number out to scavenge for food. It's another house this time. When caught breaking in he lashes out with his crowbar and before he can grasp what's happening, a father and son lay dead at his feet. He's mortified, but he takes everything they have because he knows that their deaths are for nothing if he doesn't. On the way out, a shotgun blast from another family knocks him off his feet. He's dead. Day 11, and the two survivors left have not had a good night. There's been a bandit raid on their base. One survivor is badly wounded, the other has fallen sick. Their bandages and medicine were stolen in the raid. Both are now starving to death, because there's still no food.TWoM is a mixture of emotive story-telling and rage-inducing changes in good fortune. Surviving requires a good deal of patience and discipline (or luck). The mechanics are simple enough and the game does look and play beautifully. In places it's frustrating - you'll spend ages gathering supplies and you will find that minor mistakes in judgement can get you killed very quickly. Note that there's only one (auto) saved game permitted, and it's cloud based (if you have this enabled) which means no backing up before a risky raid. On the plus side there's bunch of different survivors that, as you probably expect, have different abilities. After playing with the default three for a bit you get the option to start with different combinations of the 8 or so available. Any of these may also turn up at your door seeking refuge during a given playthrough. Each attempt also randomly generates the locations you can visit and will have different ""events"" as the days roll on.TWoM won't be for everyone, but I'm definitely a fan."
,Recommended,282070,27716473,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Adelwolf,This game is not fun.It's depressing as hell.And it's not easy.And I'm not very good at it.I can only play this game in fits and starts.But I keep copming back to it because it'sa really good game.
,Recommended,282070,16904250,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Instinct,"The only game that ive played, where I feel the pain and distress of people trying to survive during a brutal war.In the times of War, we dont realize the pain and suffering that people stuck in the middle of the cross fire actually go through.Amazing Emotioanal game :("
,Recommended,282070,20182808,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Pope Francis,"Great game, but because i dont know what more to say, i will instead share the recipe of some blueberry pancakes1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour1/2 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon baking powder1 1/4 teaspoons white sugar1 egg1 cup milk1/2 tablespoon butter, melted1/2 cup frozen blueberries, thawedIn a large bowl, sift together flour, salt, baking powder and sugar. In a small bowl, beat together egg and milk. Stir milk and egg into flour mixture. Mix in the butter and fold in the blueberries. Set aside for 1 hour.Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot."
,Recommended,282070,13000893,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Kobu Rat,"A fantastic game that I think anyone interested in game design can learn something from.  A story completly written by the player through his/her actions is something that isn't explored often enough in games.  Where other games stories can make you feel as though you're being led on rails, This War of Mine feels fresh, every time.  Every decision in the game is yours to make, or best of all, to not make.  There are so many different actions and paths you can take thoughout this game, and if you're at all interested in games being ""art,"" This War of Mine is as close as it comes in my book."
,Recommended,282070,13634362,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LinuxGamer1920,"Oh my, where to begin?This War of Mine places your small group of survivors in a run down building for the duration of a war that's taking place as a setting in the background. You and your companions are victims of circumstance and don't actually affect the outcome of the war or take part in it, you're merely trying to survive. The game frequently asks you to make difficult decisions in order to survive. To what lengths will you go to keep yourself and your friends alive?This War of Mine is a bleak game and very moody. If I had to boil the game down to a gameplay description, I'd say that This War of Mine is a resource and risk management game with survival and stealth elements, base building, worker placement, and heavy theme; but it's so much more than that. Every decision you make comes at a cost. Everything you build costs resources and your nightly scavenging excursions can only bring back so much. Do you build a bed for everyone, or do you hot rack and sleep in shifts? Should you trade your medicine since it's worth a LOT, or do you give it to Katia, who is developing a cold that may get worse?I knew this game had a hold on me the very first time I played it. Winter had set in by about day 30 or so and food had become even more scarce. We had resorted to trapping rats in our patched up house for a meager amount of meat every few days if we were lucky. Pavel, our best and agile scavenger, had been nearly killed while looking for supplies and it made the rest of us sad and scared. We had come to rely on him for bringing back what we needed every night.This War of Mine starts with a random group of 3-4 survivors (randomized each time you start the game anew) each with different skills and potentially different vices as well. Some of the skills I have seen so far include 'good cook,' 'trained in combat,' and 'runs faster.' Some skills seem more useful than others and some I haven't found a use for yet (if there is one). The vices I have seen so far include 'coffee drinker' and 'smoker.' The vices affect a survivor's mood. This makes each playthrough different and challenging because you might end up with a very difficult spread of skills and vices to manage. The game also starts in a random season (hopefully not winter, good luck with that).There is no handholding in This War of Mine, nor is there a tutorial. That said, I never felt like I needed one. The UI in TWoM is simple and effective, elegant even. You always know what you can interact with and how. There is a great deal of trial and error here, in a good way.The game is separated into two phases, the day and the night cycle. During the day, you basically assign tasks to your survivors in real time (and the clock is running during this phase, but I wouldn't say you feel rushed by it; I've always had enough time to complete the goals I set). Maybe you want to build a still to produce liquor for trading (or consuming), or build a bed so you don't have to sleep on the floor. You'll do this in the day phase. Also during the day phase, a traveling trader might stop by to barter with you or a neighbor might come asking for help. You can choose to help or ignore these people. Sometimes people will show up asking to join your group. These are decisions you must weigh carefully, as they will be one more mouth to feed, one more person getting sick that needs medicine, etc. But they might also bring something valuable to the table, that is up to you to determine.You can build a lot of different things in your shelter and everything you can build can also be upgraded with very few exceptions. Some of the things you can build include rainwater collectors, a radio (that works), a still, an herbal workshop for rolling cigarettes (to feed vices and also to trade), a metalworking table for making weapons and tools, and lots of other things.When night falls, you are tasked with deciding who gets to sleep (and where), who should stand guard (if anyone), and who will go out to scavenge for supplies (and where). Other survivors can raid your shelter, so if no one stands guard, there's a good chance they will steal some of your things and this should be avoided at all costs as they can run off with a LOT of stuff if given the chance. Even if you have guards, there's always the chance they can be wounded in these raids. When you decide where to scavenge, you're given a set of locations to choose from, each with a description of what you might encounter there so you can come prepared. A bombed out school may indicate you should probably bring a shovel to dig through rubble piles more effectively. A military outpost may have goods for trade, or they may shoot on sight. There's always a risk everywhere you go. Available locations change over time, as well, with new locations opening up, and some closing due to the war or inclement weather. As far as I can tell, these are heavily randomized for the most part as well.There is combat in the game, including stealth kills and a cover system that I have not experimented with too much yet as I try to avoid combat as much as possible (it's super deadly). Most tools can be used as weapons (crowbars, shovels, axes) and you can also find and repair firearms or trade for them occasionally, but ammunition is rare (but can also be crafted with the right facilities and components). Again though, what are you going to give up to be able to craft your own guns? Heat in the winter? A safe place to sleep?I can't say enough good things about this game. It runs super smooth on my Linux computer and it hasn't crashed on me once. Top notch Linux port from War Child, I'm very impressed!I paid 16,14€ for this game during Steam's Winter Sales and feel that you'll get your money's worth out of it. I've been playing it for almost 30 hours so far and I haven't grown bored of it yet."
,Recommended,282070,24539926,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Patoraisu,"I would've given it a 4/5 but then whenever I collect rainwater, it doesn't add up to my inventory.  I tried restarting the story multiple times but the same problem arises.I hope this can be solved.Other than that, the feelstrip is real. The fact that you're broken between leaving something for others and saving your own people tugs my heartstrings."
,Recommended,282070,16356638,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AmeliaKills,"I'm not really a patriotic kind, but this game makes me feel proud it was made in my country.You can't say that TWoM is fun. It's sad, and sometimes you feel the pain of being hopeless hits you straight in the head from your computer screen. Although the gameplay may be a little repetitive, it's hard to leave this filthy in-game world. I started playing at 9 pm, the game crashed at 2:30 am and I decided to check if my progress was saved... turned off my PC three hours later. I felt proud when I upgraded my stove, then I felt guilty for killing an innocent man just to get food. And when the war was over, I felt relieved, but also hungry for more (no matter how cruel this sounds because of the main topic of this game). So it goes, as one wise man once said.As I mentioned before, sometimes the game crashes, so some fixes are needed. Also the characters' movement is glitchy from time to time, especially when someone's running after you. I didn't really notice any other problems; TWoM looks good and its sketchy backgrounds are nicely done. I also think the music fits the gameplay perfectly.If you're looking for a unique war experience, so different from what we, gamers, are used to - don't hesitate. In my opinion, this one-of-a-kind game is worth it. And don't forget to buy the DLC as that's the way they should be done.Dobra robota, chłopaki."
,Recommended,282070,34285616,Posted: 16 August,all,WHO THE FUCK SURVIVES 5 9MM SHTS,"A very well made game which shows the horrors of war. Paranoia, sadness, depression, bandits, all in one. Perfect for people which like survival games where resources are scarce to find, people get sick, combat is hard, every step can be your first and last mistake.      10/10"
,Recommended,282070,12973190,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GunnarRoxen,"I do not approve of war. Do you know why I don't approve of war? It interferes with the production of Turbinium and that makes me angry. When I am angry, people die. That is why I decided to play This War of Mine. I enjoyed seeing what it is like for non-Mars Colonial Administrators to survive in extremely tough conditions. The look and feel is excellent and the plot is surprisingly moving and even made me shed a tear, but that might have been from an unrelated spec of Martian Dust.This game reminds me of Papers, Please in terms of impact, and Zafehouse Diaries in terms of game play (though This War of Mine is far better in every way). Highly recommended. I'm hoping I can find Kuaato in the game and nail that freaky sonofa♥♥♥♥♥.Now stop reading this and get back to the Turbinium mines, before I shut off your goddamn air.Vilos Cohaagen,Colonial Administrator, Mars Colony"
76561198052906140,Recommended,282070,25709537,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Arcanus,"A video game had never brought tears to my eyes.  This one did.  This War of Mine is abstract and artistic, yet disturbingly graphic."
76561198348681170,Recommended,282070,33260466,Posted: 4 July,all,helter_skeleton,"This is what having a multi-thousand dollar pc is all about, to play 2.5D games like This War of Mine.Seriously though what a fantastic game. I've had this in my library a few months now and it's something I can always come back to. It's the kind of game where you can sit back, relax and enjoy it but at the same time, it's actually quite grim and depressing  (not to mention challenging) which captures the essence of the game's setting very well and fully draws you in to the world your survivors are living in.And it's not all just steal, kill, survive. Decisions are needed to be made and the developers have done an amazing job of adding humility into those decisions by creating reactions and consequences. Kill the old man for his can of food and vegetables? Suffer the literal crippling depression that your scavenger will have as a result. But your people are starving and that will make three meals for your shelter. Someone gets sick and you don't have any medication? Risk their life another day and go out looking for some to steal, or trade half your inventory for some. The choices aren't easy and once someone dies, they're dead for good. The game reminds you of the decisions you would need to make if this were a real life situation and the consequences those decisions entail; every action has a reaction and I love that!Absolute banger of a game, if you can pick this up on a sale you're absolutely laughing. 9/10"
,Recommended,282070,12976181,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,TheSmalHobbit,"This War of Mine. Only game so far to make me feel like a complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.The premise of the game is that the capital of some made-up country has fallen into a chaos after the country's military sealed it off so as to seal off any supply route for the rebels. You now have to survive in there.The game feels like a sister of FTL. Things are completely random, you may go to the same place a different playthrough. But, one time there may be a drunk soldier trying to ""coerce"" a female looter. Or another time, there may be 3 armed bandits that will shoot on sight. Sometimes though, you may need to go into somewhere that isn't vacated, and you will have to steal in order to survive.Sometimes, sometimes, the game throws a complete curveball from out of nowhere. I sent my scavenger to a house that seemed abandoned, and the game said that they had lots of food. Something I run out on a constant basis. Map loads, and I start trying to go in, but then there are two red spots(The game's take on the modern FPS radar). Well that's not just a rat. More often then not that's a hostile. And without fail, one of them shouts that they are armed and not afraid to fire on sight. So of course, I sneak over the roof and lockpick the door on the balcony. Sneak down the stairs and stab the one person that I saw, that was armed. Instantly one of the doors comes flying open, a woman, and hunches over the dead body, crying. The body on the ground was a man.I didn't kill her since she didn't present any harm.Wandering through the house, looting of course, I saw all sorts of things. Set ups that you could do in your own base, vegetable gardens, bed, all those things. Pictures on the wall of the two previously mentioned. I just randomly came into this house, and killed an innocent that was just trying to survive. I mistakenly went from being a goody two shoes, to a bandit.Goddammit."
76561198055178033,Recommended,282070,26108635,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Falalalalalalala,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and emotional as ♥♥♥♥. I shed a tear for the first time in recent memory at the end of my second story. Anyone who likes survival, anyone who likes gritty realistic war games, anyone who likes being invested into a game will love this game. I've never been on the edge of my seat for so long in a game. Last night(this morning) I was up till 6:30 playing This War of Mine on the last day of Fall Break. Would recommend to absolutely everyone."
,Recommended,282070,23744276,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MaeveAlleine of Moonglow,I originally bought this game on the Android platform. It was so good I bought it here on Steam. The PC version has a lot moe options and gameplay opportunities. Definitely worth the money.  Replay value is super high.
,Recommended,282070,13987032,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Warmarine,"This game will make you feel horrible, unconfortable and guilty as a mother hubber, and I LOVE this game. This will make you feel like a victim of war and succeed in making emotional moments without scripted or linear experience"
,Recommended,282070,12962162,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lictor,"Graphics:  2D setup that combines the detail of Shadow Complex and the art style of Limbo.  Everything is dark and brooding, which really sets the overall tone.  Their lighting system is a thing of beauty as well:  rays of light shine through broken walls and windows, fire barrels give a nice ominous glow in the night.Audio:  Somber acoustic guitar soundscapes reminiscent of The Last Of Us play during the day, and the night scavenging missions feature very tense, suspenseful string and synth arrangements.  Environmental sound effects like artillery shells landing and the crack of sniper fire constantly remind you that you're never really safe.Controls:  Point and click adventure style.  You navigate around the environment by clicking where you want to go, objects you can interact with in the environment have their own separate icon.  While in the safehouse, you control each character independently by selecting their character photo then giving them their own commands. Navigating the menu system is simple and straightforward.Gameplay:  Everything is randomly generated at the start, so no play through is the same.  The safehouse sequences are fairly routine.  Build this, repair that, eat, rest.  The game really comes alive when night falls and you have to decide what to do with your survivors.  Sickness, hunger, and injury are very serious threats to your group, and losing anyone significantly increases your risk of having the whole thing come crashing down on you.  Managing your survivors is key to getting through the siege.  There's also significant danger when it comes to the overall scavenging:  rolling over those weaker than you and taking everything they have makes you a target for vigilantes and decreases morale, and some of the more well-stocked areas tend to be heavily guarded by hostile military forces and other survivor groups who have no compunctions about killing anyone who sets foot on their turf.My one major complaint is the lack of a tutorial or tool hints on the environmental icons.  It doesn't take too long to figure stuff out, but the initial learning curve can lead to some restarts.  There are very few bugs, which is always a plus.Overall Score:  9/10"
,Recommended,282070,13881326,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"You could go the easy route and describe This War of Mine as ""The Sims, but set in Hell."" And you'd be right.The game can be better described as an 'entropy simulator': There's plenty of things to pick up initially. Just through initial walks through the area you can find a bunch of resources you can use for initial improvements to make for your war hovel. But eventually, that stuff will start to run out, and you will not be able to play it safe anymore. If you're smart, you'll have someone who is good at bartering and items to supply the demands of rich survivors with, and you might be able to get through the war without blood on your hands.If you're no longer able to play it safe, that is where the real This War of Mine begins.It is easy to lose control of your circumstances concerning what your group needs. If you have to keep pushing your wounded and your sick, they will get worse. But there's points where you just can't, because you need to keep a tight budget on what little resources you have. Raiders will come by, you will get a small winter, and your group members will get hideously depressed from having to hide from the war in a cold, destroyed house. All of these things will add up, and not having what you need to keep them sane and healthy will eventually destroy your chances of seeing the end of the game.You'll have to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to get what you need, and the mental tax that your actions will cause will be heavy. Sure, you can poke your scavenging survivor to stab an armed thug in the back, but he will hate himself for it the next day. You can brandish your pistol at the elderly couple hiding out in their nice home to take their supplies. You can carefully sneak through homes and take things that survivors not unlike yourself have been hoarding for a rainy day, putting them in  poverty to get what your group needs. And, of course, you can sneak through shadows and stab people in the back, trying to ignore their frightened pleads as you put the blade in to keep others from noticing all for the sake of some things you could have, in better days, gotten from a supermarket for five dollars.This game is one of those games where it can make you feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for trying to survive, and the more desperate you have to get to feed your group, the more it works. It's a horrible ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling generator when the game is at it's toughest."
,Recommended,282070,14803927,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Bad Whippet,"This War Of Mine is a perfect blend of survival, stealth and strategy combined - easy to play (like a point and click game) but hard to beat.  It's very challenging, but never frustrating.The goal is to keep your people alive throughout a war as supplies dwindle (so you need to work towards your people being self-sufficient).  The control style is somewhat Sims-like (click a person then click on an action to perform).   By day, the game is mostly about survival: keep the survivors fed, rested, warm, content, and keep them working to make more food, machinery and supplies.  Accept or decline propositions from neighbours either needing help or bearing gifts that ought to be repaid in kind later.  Prioritise the use of the little resources you have each day and make use of the buffs of your survivors to make better use of resources in cooking, or to barter for better exchange rates when trading.By night, the game changes from survival to strategy and stealth play.  After choosing who will rest and who will stay up to guard the shelter, you can pick one of your survivors to go out in search of supplies.  The strategy takes the form of choosing the most suitable spot to raid (one that isn't more dangerous than you can cope with, yet offers the right balance of the right types of supply you need.  Again, morals step in when you choose whether to loot dangerous and corrupt soldiers, or prey on the easy-target elderly couple who won't survive if you take what is theirs.   This is where stealth plays a part.  Go running in and you will alert every person in the vicinity (and if they're armed you can guess how that will go).  Sometimes easy routes are barred without the right tools, meaning that you might have to go back empty-handed or find another way.  You will also have the opportunity to trade for better prices than you might find from the trader who calls at your door every 2-3 days.  If your survivors are depressed, it might be a worthwhile sacrifice to donate something to a church sheltering lost survivors or a hospital where victims have taken refuge (which will cheer them up just as quickly as finding them luxuries such as tobacco and coffee).The game is kept fresh by offering a random selection of survivors, each with their strengths and weaknesses, together with a random selection of locations that will unlock in your game.  You will gradually unlock a set of 'stories' (a matched team of survivors) who will have their own location and season (both of which will impact on the game's difficulty).If I had to single out a negative, then the combat is absolutely atrocious.  Your character won't always  fire a weapon when directed, or won't swing the axe, or just won't run away at times.  Combat can feel like entering a boxing ring with your hands tied behind your back as a result - especially towards the end.   An axe kill by stealth is often the best way, but there are too few opportunities to do that.  Death then brings with it that spectre of ""no manual saving"" (no chance to pull back your lost person unless you hurriedly crash the game in Task Manager before it has chance to save your loss).  I think I can see why: if you were able to save your (wonderful) position before every raid, then there would be no feeling of danger and risk behind the decisions you need to make - but I think I would still prefer the choice of manual save perhaps parked in with an 'easy' difficulty level, whereas no save with the normal mode.  There are a few bugs too here and there, though mostly none that majorly impact on enjoyment or gameplay (bugs like locations sometimes reporting the wrong percentage of resources, meaning a wasted night trip and hungry/wounded people at home).  The game crashes my main PC when minimised to desktop although my much more lowly laptop does not have this problem.  But would any of this have deterred me from buying in hindsight?  Not even slightly!  Compared to all the good things this game brings, these are such minor issues.All those 5-star reviews out there have hit the nail on the head: this is an original and compelling game that has afforded me some 80+ hours of gameplay to date (including offline play not accumulated in my displayed hours).  Highly recommended!________________A word on the DLC:  this is literally artwork that you can optionally 'collect' for an in-game achievement, but that's all.  It doesn't add any extra gameplay.  I bought the DLC during the period when the money was still being donated to War Child, but even if that no longer applies, a few extra pence to support the developers is worth it really (in my opinion)."
,Recommended,282070,13704452,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Frollard,"Only played 2.5 hours at time of writing. It's a good sim and a damning reminder of how appalling humans can be. Be 'nice'? Starve to death. Be evil? Can't live with yourself and commit suicide.  Balancing all the variables, characters, and events is difficult and fulfilling - but not 'fun'. You will be captivated by the misery."
,Recommended,282070,12949250,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Tradesman,"Fantastic game with a dark, gritty look at the other end of the Spectrum of War - can't recommend it highly enough after all the Glamourisation of War with most games. It's a refreshing and unique take on it all to fit into the Survival Genre of Games.A must have."
76561198081756751,Recommended,282070,13187452,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Sp33dyStallion,"Im going to go ahead and say that this review is for the people wondering what is wrong with the game, and what needs to be added to make it better in my opinion.1.) You start in the same exact house. Every. Single. Time. ~Would be great to update the game so that we could start in a variety of different houses. Maybe different cities entirley, more locations to loot would be nice, and how far away places are should go into how much time you have to loot each night~2.) Characters are also very similar each start! ~Would be good to add LOADS of variety when it comes to starting conditions and qualities. Would be nice to see more of a variety of how many characters you start with~3.) I should *If I want* Have my character be apart of a bigger group of NPC's wether it IS the military, a scavenger (Like you are now in the game), a homeless person, or if I choose I could be a trader who goes around the city in the day trying to make my way to other houses to make profit!4.) The war time it takes for the war to be over (Right now i've heard it's either 39 or 45 days) should be far more varied! It could last a few weeks, it could last a few months or even years! ~Which could translate to some adjustable difficulty setting!5.) When I get in trouble with a certain establishment with one character from my group, how the♥♥♥♥♥♥do they know that all the people in my group are bad? Who told them that the person who tried to rob them last night was with this whole group, and that no one from that group should be trusted?6.) More complicated crafting system and a more advanced inventory would be really nice! Instead of picks up 'parts', you would find a pile of seperate piece of rubber tube, duct tape, screw, bolts, wire etc...7.) Multiplayer/ Co-op! Some people don't agree with this. In fact, a lot! But there are still quite a few who would want to survive the world with a friend. Someone defends the house at night, and the other scavenges. Maybe they both scavange. Perhaps have the option that if both characters are guarding or sleeping in the house at night, they could skip the night and have the AI take over wether it is for better or worse. (There is no reason why people shouldn't want multiplayer/co-op) You DO NOT have to play multiplayer if you don't want to. And can still experience the game in singleplayer the way YOU think it should.8.) Either than all of the above, not a bad game. I do reccomend it for the price, although there are some things that need tweaking, and a few freatures that could be made to make this a TRULEY full fleged game. If the developers were to do the things I said above, then the game would be in my opinion FAR more worth than the $20 it is listed at now.-These are all opinions that I think would make the game much better! You can ignore these if you want, but I do hope the developers see this on an off chance and atleast the consider the things that I said unless they haven't already. You wouldn't think money would be a problem since they were bragging about how they paid the cost of development within the first two days of sale :P"
,Recommended,282070,17992456,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Tire Marks,"It's fun for a few hours but quickly loses it's appeal after the second playthrough, get it on sale if you're interested in it."
76561198026111660,Recommended,282070,13007055,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Sir Faggotvon Africa,Shiiit manh it gud humen experice; reallly nkes u tink bout them kidss in afcia with Ebola.
76561198028311982,Recommended,282070,12979037,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rutherbeard,"Absolutely awesome atmosphere. The sense of vulnerability and despairation sit in equal parts deep in your stomach as guide your characters through a bleak and endless war. There could be more depth to the crafting but I'm no where near tired of anything about this game... except for the depression, presented side by side with the tiniest slither of hope."
76561198245214424,Recommended,282070,23911877,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Frank_Gone_Mad,"Why this is one of the best games on steam:1. Gives you a new look on war.  I will always think differently of Call of Duty!2. Brilliant graphics!3.  $.1.00 goes to charity, and DLC includes larger donations.4. Your choices matter, as they do in real life.5. No major glitches.6. The game never gets old! Once your first story is over, you can restart with different people, and different strageties.7. No difficult controls.I got this game $4.99 on sale.  The original price is $20.00, which is definately worth it."
76561198253720716,Not Recommended,282070,26764521,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CaptainOldSchool,"I wanted to like this game, but ultimately it didn't grab me.  I was bored.   Felt more like a grind verus lots of interesting decisions.   Basic gameplay:   go out, gather stuff, make some decisions on who gets what.  repeat."
,Recommended,282070,13015146,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,$TILL420,The feels
76561198050628751,Recommended,282070,12943860,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Scrotos,"I´ve been waiting for this game for some time. Now I have it.After my first try I know: I got exactly what I expected.I failed. I tried, but I failed.And I need another beer.Damn I´m depressed right now.Not that I wasn´t depressed before I played this game,but now... damn.Buy it.It´s goddamn great!"
,Recommended,282070,32931693,Posted: 28 June,all,Bogysha,Great game!
,Recommended,282070,12942223,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,log1 (Rodolfo),"Wow, First time i had feelings for someone on a video game10/10"
,Recommended,282070,12991269,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Exodusol,"Very intense game Experience, no game ever could caught my Emotion so good like this one!Its so Good, i find it sads it was already finished, you will wish more, you will wish an expanded Version of the Gameplay with More Background, this kind and Style of game makes me dream of other games Adventures Like that.Besides its a very interessting Psychological experience, based on the believe that the Content actauly are widnesses of War Victims- it shows you that we Humans are Good and Evil. and what it count is to look for each other as equal beings.If you cant feel it - your Dead Dude."
76561198009310694,Recommended,282070,12997569,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hookachooga,"This Game Truely makes you think about your decisions and will almost almost make you feel like you could always have done something better, spent resources in a more efficient way or on something more useful. It took me losing my first survivor to a shotgun in the back to realise the difficulty factor. I had managed to get by every day without a hungry character, even with the new arrival several days in but when i lost my scavenger that night, it really hits you that at that point you need to find food or everyone else in you shelter will die too.Makes you question your humanity... I like that."
,Recommended,282070,24703566,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,mretsam,"Awesome survival game, and in general, one of the better games I have ever played. The developers took great care in making a war torn atmosphere, where you face many obstacles in order to have your characters survive. Obstacles include: managing starvation due to limited food supply, moral choices between killing and letting survive, helping NPC neighbors by giving resources or turning them down, and battling injuries and disease. The game also features crafting as an important part of the game. It's important because it reduces resources needed, enhances weapons and tools, helps with defense of your home from raids at night, and helps fight fatigue and hunger. Every decision seems to have a cause and effect that influences how the game develops. Overall, just a well thought out and developed game.10/10"
76561198081998239,Recommended,282070,13114318,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tobias,"This War of Mine is a breath of fresh air in the bleak and barren moor of survival horror games. You take lead of multiple protagonists surviving in the aftermath of an unforgiveful civil war. Facing trials and tribulations of what war brings. It all fizzle's downs to the basic of primal needs, food, shelter, and to stay breathing. You face gruelling moral decisions and dilemmas that pave the way for your characters psyche and mental well-being.TWOM also has an excellent art direction, game play, mood, and atmosphere. One of the most thoughtful games I have played in a while, to say the least."
76561198065513855,Recommended,282070,25420151,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Croaks,"This War of Mine is pretty damn fun. Depressing as hell at times, but if you play it right, it all pays off. It does a good job of forcing the player to come up with strategies of how to manage your time. There are hard moral decisions and tough situations you'll have to get yourself out of. It's challenging, but each playthrough you learn from your mistakes and get better."
,Not Recommended,282070,17259492,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Vash(88),"Okay.... I am trying to take a deep breath and calm myself before I write the review...Here is the truth.  I LOVED this game, so why would I rate it down?  The artistic value of the game is to be revered.  The game-play is fun, addictive like crack, and balanced all the way through.  It is a survival game that makes you care for your characters because with a little extra thought, proper preparation, and a careful use of resources, the game can be the PERFECT challenge all the way through.  Not so much that you put it away from dying all the time, but just enough so you feel that you can learn from your mistakes when you take the wrong person looting and get him/her shot, push too far into a bandits' base for loot and  get someone killed, or become a bandit yourself and watch your characters hate themselves for it.  It all works!  So WHY in god's name am I rating this game down.... SIGH.  I will tell you at the end, because the ending is is why I am now jaded.This game has this unique blend of survival and platformer elements.  The combat is a little wonky, but this is not an action game.  This is a survival game that pushes your moralities to the limit: do you send off one of your characters for a day to help your neighbors who in the past have shown you kindness, or do you turn your back and keep to yourself so you can keep your base safe while looting?  Killing is not taken lightly in this game.  Most of the characters are not fighters.  They have never shot at anyone before and you must weigh how stressful it will be on them to out-right murder a person for his/her loot.  sometimes it might be best to come back from a night of looting with a bag half full and a heart that is not broken.The characters themselves are all full of life and special in their own way.  One or two are trained in combat, and do not feel the pressure of killing so long as they  are not killing innocents.  Some are good cooks, others are handy-men that  use less resources to build and craft with.  Others can keep children calm and tend to wounded while others are small but stealthy, making them ideal for nightly looting runsLooting is done so well.  Your characters feel no pain from looting bandits, but question themselves for steeling from an elderly family.  The stealth mechanics are solid and intense at many times.  I managed a play-through without ever shooting at anyone. (apart from defending my base from bandits.  Can't be controlled and it doesn't affect your characters depression)  I chose to help all  who asked of it, but stole when I needed to as long as I did not leave someone for dead by doing so, and yes there is a difference between taking what you need in this game, and taking everything, and your character will reflect on that.  Limited backpack space and time turn scavenging into a strategic race for time as you decide whether or not to bring a crowbar and lock-pick, or save the space and only take what loot is easily accessible while scouting out threats, bared and locked doors and piles of obstructing rubble that can be cleared on a succeeding night.  Rubble that can be moved without a shovel,  but will take a lot of your precious time if you chose to do so.Keeping your team rested and fed feels just right, and the amount of given resources is remarkable.  Too big of a team means that more food will be needed than can be provided.  Too small and your base will be raided while you are out looting and sleeping.  Choosing who sleeps at night, who sleeps on a bed or off a bed, and who sleeps during the day can't be taken lightly.  Wounded characters will take rest, first-aid, and time to heal.  A few nights passed that I had to keep everyone at the base and be frugal for a day so the group could recover.The bartering system is well thought out.  There is a traveling tradesman that will show up every few days with goods that can be exchanged for home made moon-shine, home grown vegies, looted and self-made meds and anything else you want to trade.  You can also take specific items with you on  ""looting""  runs to trade with the military, other survivors and even bandits.  Each group seeks different items, and you are not likely to come home with a full backpack, but you will have exactly what you set out for, and some times that is more important.There is also a winter that you must survive.  OMG was it intense.  Keeping enough fire wood burning to keep your characters healthy while still having enough to cook food and craft pushed me to the limit more than once.  I was taking an ax to furniture just to keep the fires going.  Brilliant!  The winter is not too long and comes on at a nice pace so that you have time to trade for or scavenge what is needed in time build a heater for your base. (hint: UPGRADE IT EMEDIATELY!)And lastly, the DLC for this game is heart warming to say the least.  It doesn't add much content to the game, but %100 of the proceeds goes to the War Child charity, and that's just groovy.  The dlc adds some wall-art to the in-game levels.Now... After so much praise, why did I rate this game down?!Small spoilers aheadI WILL TELL YOU WHY!I worked my tail off keeping my crew alive!  I helped EVERYONE that asked of it.  I killed no one, and only stole when I was desperate, and even then I took only what I needed and never left anyone to die.  I brought in a character in need when he asked and he survived with the rest of us to the end....  THE END!The war lasts 45 days max, some people don't like this, I don't mind it so much.  It can end some time before that, but its random.  If you have built a radio, it will keep you informed of whats going on.  INCLUDING THE WEATHER!Day 44 roles around.  I have mastered my team and have prevailed through dozens of bandit attacks, and winter included.  I have an outright stock pile of weapons, ammo, food, supplies, crafting tables, trade goods, and FIRE WOOD.  The forecast from the radio, which you will see in the screen shot, called for ""warm days ahead.""  Winter was about a week in the past at this point and there is only one winter in this damn game!I leave my base on the 44th night to do some light looting because I wanted to pass the time and grab some last minute stuff in the case that there is some end game fight or something.  I leave with  ""WARM DAYS""  in the forecast and a thermostat that reads 20 Celsius.  That is hot for this game, it starts around 15 C.  I get back to -5 C and a team that has frozen to death........... What in the flying F**K is that crap?!?!*edit* Turns out this is a bug that the devs have not felt inclined to fix.  With this knowledge, I will keep the thumbs down rating.  The bug is heart breaking and a game changer that happens at the very end of the game.  I am not a programer, but this cannot be the toughest bug to fix.  The day this bug is remedied is the day I give this game a thumbs upThis is why I cannot rate this game up.http://steamcommunity.com/id/jbaketkd/screenshot/436072840510605697Note: day 39 calls for cool weather.  ""Cool"" weather shows up as predicted on days 40, 41, 42.  The temp goes down a bit during the day time, and I stoke the woodstove.Note: day 42 calls for warm weather, as well as day 45: it drops below freezing on night 44 after nothing but rising temperatures during the day and kills my team."
,Recommended,282070,13227148,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,2nd Law,"this game, this game right here, probably one of the best and realistic survival game ive ever played. This is a game where getting shot by a gun one or two times matter. A lot. Yea you can craft items like guns without a lot of materials or a lot which you actually need to craft a really gun, but hey, games can't be that realistic or it'll be so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ difficult. This game also requires some what of a mutli task ability. One of your member might be straving and another might be sick. This is a difficult game, so i don't reccomend this game to 10 year olds. Probably 16 is old enough but what do i know about life? This game requires choice making too. Choices vary depending on how well your surviving. For example, your whole group is healthy and have a lot of medicine and medkits. However your running low on food. Should you trade someone your medkits for food? What if my shelter gets raided during the night and one or two members gets wounded? Another example is when your whole team is low on supplies. Would you go in an area which contains armed bandits but has tons of suppiles you need or would you go in an area with less supplies but less danger? Choices. The moral is this game takes skills to play, and definitely reccomend this game."
76561198204358168,Recommended,282070,30304900,Posted: 3 March,all,Nieto,Great game10/10
76561198083377426,Recommended,282070,13262917,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Eargasmo,♥♥♥♥ING TOO SHORT. NEEDS MORE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561197973269730,Not Recommended,282070,15162206,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Nightfire,"I really want to recommend this game, but for reasons that I will explain, I just can't.Firstly, let me just say that this is the most unforgiving game I have ever played. I am not opposed to difficult games; I have played a lot ofFTL: Faster Than Light, for example. But this game's difficulty is utterly ridiculous,andit is locked in ironman mode, which means that making a single mistake will completely and irredeemably screw you over. And you WILL make plenty of mistakes, over and over again. Every time this happens, you will lose 4-8 hours of playtime.For example, let's say you didn't make enough ammo to defend your shelter during the night. And let's say during the limited time you had during the day cycle, you'd done everything else right - you'd made food, filtered water, crafted some things, got your characters rested up and healed, took meds, traded, etc., but you forgot that one crucial task of making ammo. Well, now raiders have come in the night and stolen all of your food (as raiders always take the most valuable items). Now you have to sit back and watch your characters starve to death, or perhaps you'll have to risk stealing from a military base or rebel camp in order to get what you need - and of course, these dangerous locations are filled with swarms of heavily armed enemies who have infinite ammo and perfect aim.Or perhaps you didn't collect quite enough materials to build a heater when winter came? Well, now your characters are going to get sick and freeze to death. Or perhaps you clicked the wrong button during a scavenge and caused your character to stop sneaking? Now your character is dead because they alerted a swarm of enemies. So many little things can go wrong, and each time they do, you're forced to watch your characters die - often slowly and painfully. In most cases, there is absolutely nothing you can do.To make matters worse, the game is extremely bad at explaining itself. There is no tutorial of any kind. You are dropped into the game with no idea of how things work whatsoever, and this is a problem, because some of the game's mechanics don't make a lot of sense.I will use the example of the first time I really attempted combat. I wanted to raid a rebel camp, so I armed one of my characters with an AK-47 (the most powerful weapon in the game), and a knife in case he ran out of ammo. I managed to sneak up on a rebel all alone from behind. I figured that shooting an unarmored, unsuspecting target in the back with a burst of assault rifle fire would be an instant kill, but no. He stumbled a little bit, and then rushed at me with the force of a cheetah on steroids. I blasted him again and he finally went down. Now, I was lower on ammo than I would have liked. Then I saw a swarm of other rebels responding to the noise. I panicked. I saw a desk nearby that my character could apparently use as cover, and hid behind it. I thought to myself, ""Yeah baby! I've got a chance to win this fight after all!""Nope. The rebels saw me and fired with perfect accuracy, inflicting full damage. My character helplessly died. Apparently the cover mechanic does absolutely nothing. I felt a bit puzzled as to why they included a cover mechanic at all if that's the case, but regardless, I strongly felt that they should've explained this to me before I invested six hours into my savegame and lost one of my most important characters.Other problems will occur when you misjudge how NPC's will react to you. This won't be your fault, because the NPC's in this game do not act like people. For example, once I sent Zlata into the hospital area. When she was there, she tried to open a locker with a crowbar. The locker was not marked as a ""stealable"" object, but nevertheless the game treated her action as a crime, and there was a civilian nearby to witness it. So, I got Zlata out of there as fast as I could - I didn't even finish opening the locker. I hoped that the hospital staff would forget about it. The next time I visited, I sent another character, Katia, just to be safe. However, the guards knew - through telepathy, I guess - that Katia and Zlata both lived together, and so they treated Katia as though she was the one who had committed the crime. They blasted her to bits without hesitation or remorse. I scratched my head at this.Further frustrations will occur when you bump up against the game's confusing and arbitrary limits on craftable items. For example, I had two animal traps, and I figured that I'd make a third, as they were proving to be an excellent source of food. So, I sent out a scavenger to collect the materials necessary to build another one. When he got back, I found out that he couldn't craft it. Why? Apparently the limit for animal traps is ""2"". No reason given, it's just an arbitrary limit. I had plenty of space and enough materials to build it, but that didn't matter. The game simply refuses to let you succeed in your own way; you must play by its nonsensical and restrictive rules.Another big problem is that everything is determined randomly, so circumstances completely outside of your control can completely screw you over. Certain areas of the city are sometimes blocked off due to ""heavy fighting"", and during the winter, certain areas of the city cannot be traversed due to ""heavy snow"". And if every location you CAN reach has already been picked clean of resources, you will have no choice but to watch your characters slowly starve/get sick/get depressed/die, or perhaps risk stealing from a heavily guarded location and get killed, and probably flush yet another savegame down the toilet.The reasons I WANT to recommend this game are simple: It has beautiful graphics, fluid animation, great music, an original premise, and makes excellent use of photography. Most of the time when you are scrabbling through ruins, racing against the clock and managing your resources, the game feels good. The parts of the game that work actually work beautifully. It is evident that a lot of love has gone into this game, and for these reasons the game is deserving of respect. It attempts to be a simulation of what it's like to be a civilian living in wartime, and at this it often succeeds.But as a game (that is meant to entertain) it utterly fails. The only emotion you will feel as you play this game is frustration, and that isn't fun. The rough edges also leave something to be desired.Get it on sale if you're truly interested."
,Recommended,282070,13671019,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ducky,"This War Of Mine reminds me that danger lurks from every corner. It is not only the lack of food and medicine that could end your life, but there's always the constant threat of bandits who will take everything you've worked for away from you. And how did I work for my supplies? By murdering innocent people. I thought the threat was over when I stole food from an elderly couple, but the aftermath of that decision caused the character who commited the murders to leave, while the other survivors were depressed about the loss of one of their own.I don't know what caused the world to go to sh*t, but I do know that there are multiple threats to be aware of. Depression. Hunger. Violence. I didn't even survive long enough to experience the threat of (possible) betrayal. This is a truly accurate war simulator. I don't know if I /want/ to call it a game because I often associate that with having fun and with This War Of Mine, you won't have fun.But this is an experience I'd definitely recommend, if you're up for it. Those who are susceptible to various triggers such as suicide might want to stay away from it."
,Recommended,282070,17711860,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sultan_H,"Never in my life had I played a game that made me so nervous; my body started to shake 20 minutes into the game, I started sweating 40 minutes into the game then I lost it; amazing art work and the game is just something else.8/10 a must buy game."
76561198105218085,Recommended,282070,15203256,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,REALIDADE DAS FAVELAS,"That's my review after surviving for only 18 days.What can I say about a game that make us being a civillian in the middle of a civil war? For sure the game ""This War of Mine"" is one of the best survival games I've ever bought and I'm confident enough to say that if you're willing to buy it: JUST DO.While surviving with your group you gotta make good decisions and think a lot before taking any action. A neighbour needed our help to barricade her home: we did it. Another neighbour asked us to guard her family for two nights: we did it. Everything was so good at our house that I thought ""what could go wrong? we have food, medical supplies and enough stuff for everyone"" and that's where Emilia, a lawyer, comes to our house and join our group. Some stuff went rough on our guys and I decided to send her to the church so she could bring us some stuff like materials and more food, but the priest wasn't as good as I've expected, he didn't think twice before killing Emilia with his mate using a knife, she was there unarmed and wasn't robbing anything. People at my house got so sad and depressed that we couldn't do anything about it, so that's when I come with the idea: why don't we avenge Emilia and go to Church again, but this time we kill everyone in there? WRONG DECISION. Got inside there with Pavle holding a knife and assassinated the priest in cold blood, when his guard showed up I murdered him too and all the women inside there, in resume, I've killed everyone inside the church to avenge one of our crew. Coming home I thought people would be at least a bit happy to see that Emilia's death was avenged, but I was terribly wrong, Pavle got so depressed that he couldn't do anything, Katia was broken too and we needed Bruno to do everything.  For days we weren't able to go out and scavenge and people just kept raiding us, getting all our food and medical supplies. Some days after, Pavle was murdered by thugs in our own house, Bruno left us to follow his friend and got killed, Katia was left alone at home and starved to death.In resume: it's a game where you really need to think and be a good strategist to survive, it makes you feel how the characters feels and I'm sure that everybody who plays it are going to enjoy this awesome game.ps: If you buy the game, make sure you buy the DLC too, it's not expensive and the money is going to charity to help children who were victims of war. It's for a good cause."
76561198043314236,Recommended,282070,14768282,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mr. Smonk,"Beautiful game, I love the art style, the perspective is new and original, plus the challenge makes the game difficult yet all the more fun. It has lots of replay value, and I would highly recommend picking this game up. The story is often unforgiving and yet even more suprising completely true. This game has my eternal love!"
76561198049668461,Recommended,282070,12972017,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GetMoist,"This War Of Mine takes a new approach at the survival genre, making an immersive and interesting experience that constantly nails the feeling that you are constantly in a desperate reach for survival.What the game does well is firstly it's presentation. The colour scheme and art style suits the game perfectly and the game feels polished in terms of how it looks. Trying to keep a group of survivors alive is a really tough experience and one mistake can set you back big time. There's always a challenge to get what you need, which makes moments where your people are starving and the only realiable source of food is stealing from other survivors genuinely interesting and makes you feel at least something. It's not a game that glorifies war, survival or death. It throws the grim reality of war in your face and tells you to survive in it. It totally nails that feeling.The game isn't perfect, however. Firstly, stealth is king a lot of the time as you have to sneak into areas to get supplies. This sounds awesome, and it is as it's very intense. You will die very quickly if attacked, and you need each and every one of your people if you want to survive. Even being injured will have a big effect on your future, particularly without medical supplies. The trouble is that the game's AI can seem unfair at points. There have been several times where they have spotted me outside of their vision which completely ruined that night's raid. When the AI works, they will move around naturally and respond to doors being left open and to what their buddies are doing. Just a shame they don't always work.The game doesn't really explain anything to you either, so you'll have to figure it out for yourself which will cause you to make a lot of mistakes early on.Overall, this game is a dark and engaging game that is both challenging and entertaining to play. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants a game that keeps you entertained and always has a new goal for you to reach. Unlike most survival games, this one actually makes you feel something. I give them credit for that."
76561197961312276,Recommended,282070,12975652,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Generic Joe,"Refreshing, challenging, detailed, dark, addictive"
,Recommended,282070,15633693,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,i want to die,"Probably the best game i have ever played.I remember saving the 20$ to get the game, and the struggle that i had to go through in order to get the 20$.Game is so good, it was the only game i played in my library + shared second account.Game supports charity via DLC ( War Child ), huge salutation to 11bit studios for making the carity eventhappen :)Got so vicious to the game , i survived 3 times + achieved 100% achievments.You should totally buy this game , it's worth every cent.9/10"
,Recommended,282070,13004959,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Mayu Zane,"I started with four people and made it to the ceasefire with all four of them alive, but only after spending 20 hours of non-stop mass deaths on every playthrough. This game has excellent art direction and sense of place; you KNOW after spending a week in-game that the city is a horrible place to live in. The day-to-day resource management is appropriately challenging; choosing to build an herb workshop rather than a rat trap could mean that no one in your house will make it to the end.Needs an optional tutorial though. I understand the developers' intention to show that you are a band of desperate people trying to figure things out, but I feel they should at least have something for people who are totally new to simulation/stealth games.However, I found myself being very engaged with the day-to-day struggles, and even now I am going back into the game to see if I can get another group of survivors to make it through the siege. I hope that there will be Steam Workshop support in the future, as I can see a lot of possibilities with the world of This War of Mine: Endless Mode, tweaks to traits,  maybe even new survivors. I strongly recommend this game to people who are willing to try a war game where no matter what you do, you can't stop the war yourself, and instead you're just trying to live long enough to see the end of it."
76561198038741062,Recommended,282070,14335634,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,The Nerevarine,"This game confronts the player with the harsh realities of war. The player plays from the perspective of a group of civilians in a fictional war-torn city, trying all that they can to survive in the difficult circumstances, holding on until 'the end'.There is a mixture of assertive and reactive elements (due to RNG) to this game, there is also a sufficient number of avenues for players to explore within. The 2D layout and the arcade-styled movement within makes it quite engaging. This game does however, suffer from the lack of significant replayability after two or three successful playthroughs.Nevertheless, it provides a poignant reminder of the effects of war, done very well within the confines of a game. It is highly recommended."
,Recommended,282070,18549795,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TinaONPC™,One of the best indie game i have ever played. amazing. I wish I discovered this game sooner :)
,Recommended,282070,23869819,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Drenchero,"•When you think bandits are bad and you are not like them,you go and steal from innocent because you are dying of hunger.•When you think everyone feel fine and you have enough meds,you get raided, your meds are stolen, your friends get wounded and close to death.•When you think you can kill those bandits for the good of all,you get a bullet in the head.•When you think the only way to survive now,is to kill people living next to you, to get bandages, food and water.•You lost your friends, you became murderer, got depressed, you drink a lot, smoke a lot, getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥together just to survive a little longer.•And the next day... the war is over.Now think, was it worth killing? Was this the only way? Can you now live with it?♥♥♥♥ the war!"
,Recommended,282070,13275582,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sergent_Minsky,"Before I bought this game when someone said survival game I immediately thought of games like Dayz, Don't Starve and other such games. I relealised once i started playing this that all the added parts to those games, the zombies, the monsters and such aren't needed at all. This game plays upon your emotions and can have you crying over the decisions you make to keep your group alive. Instead of monsters it uses human nature as a way to block your progress, it makes you wonder what the price of survival really is."
76561198052278173,Recommended,282070,19937998,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,w.xscode,"The first five minutes of this game I was wondering if this would be my cup of tea.  All three of us were digging through piles of dirt to get to cupboards hoping to find some wood.  Seemed ok so far at best.10 minutes later, by day three, I knew what everyone was talking about.  I was worried, where will we find food?  My little band of three was hungry, tired and sore from sleeping on the floor.  In two quick game days this amazing game made me care about my little band of three to the point that I knew, tonight I'd do anything to find us some food.Or so I thought.  Night time scavenging Pavlo and I chanced upon an elderly couple in a little cottage.  The old woman sick, barely hanging on, but enough food there to last us a while.  Pavlo started grabbing whatever he could, I knew with this haul we'd make it a few more days.  Until the old man spotted us and started following us around... begging, pleading, asking us why?I can only be grateful this game has no voiceover for the people you encounter at night-time...  His pleas was so heart wrenching, I ended up trying my best not to read what he was saying, but what I had read was enough, everytime another speech bubble came up I dreaded what he was saying and couldnt help but to look.  It all made me feel like the worthless, soulless thief I was, stealing from an old man and his sick wife.Me and Pavlo got out of there...  neither of us could take it anymore.  Pavlo is depressed, I feel terrible...Two days later Pavlo had to kill a couple a couple that attacked him after he stole their rat meat.  He is broken, won't move.  I had to end the game right there, I was feeling just like Pavlo.I took a few minutes to think how we could do better before starting another game.  How we could survive without doing these atrocious, horrible things to others...  Games have gotten under my skin before, but never quite like this.This game gets a 10/10 from me.  It will pull you in, make you FEEL the emotions your little party are experiencing... And after you have shut it down, it will stay with you, make you wonder about every bad thing you had to do.  Was there no other way?  What did we do?  Those people would surely starve, die for lack of medicine?Games don't get to you?  Try this one on for size.We are on day 21 now... the crime spree has died down, we've managed to survive this long without doing too much harm to others... But food is scarce, we're hungry, we all know we'll have to do... something.... soon.    And I am dreading it."
76561198003791664,Recommended,282070,21042176,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Silence,"Too often in games I can be cold and very heartless. I relish being the 'bad guy' in a lot of games, often opting for the 'easy choice' of choosing the mentality of 'the needs of one, outweighs the needs of the many'. I wanted a new challenge and perhaps something that could change my 'evil persona' in games... and boy, do I get a challenge with this game.This War of Mine is in a word; Brilliant. It's art style is very monochromatic, dark and pencil drawn, something which compliments the game's overall feel and direction. The musical score works really well with certain types of situations and often helps set the mood of a wore torn country that had clearly seen better days.But for me, while all of the details are important in the art style and music, the real impact this game has had on me is it's core mechanic; it's game play.Too often in modern games, players are not confronted with tough choices. When there are choices in games, they are often very clean and cut (do this and this will happen, don't and it won't - etc). I feel that because of this, players are not given the true consequences of their actions in games therefore making it much easier for players to turn 'bad' and reap the rewards. For me this is often why I went rogue. In This War of Mine, I simply cannot do it and when I have to, I feel terrible about it.Taking charge of a group of three survivors in a worn torn city who have shacked up in a abandoned building, the player is immediately confronted with a wide selection of problems right from the offset. One of your group may be sick, hungry, sad or simply tired and it is up to you to provide the fulfillment of their most basic needs in order to keep them alive. Sure, you can scavenge for stuff in your own dwelling but the resources found there will only get you so far so you must find additional materials/food from other areas around the city. Venturing into the city gives you no promises and it thrusts you into situations that make you question your morality. An example can be that you have a sick friend back at your shelter and you have gone into a home that you know has an elderly couple inside, one of which is very ill. Do you take their medical supplies to save your friend and risk destroying the morale of your group (because you stole from people who truly needed the supplies), or do you leave them be and potentially lose your party member, which in turn could create the same amount of dismay within the group? Other examples can simply come from making a bad call, i.e. getting your scavenger into situations that they went prepared for and killed, not returning back to the safety of your 'home' in time before the sun came up, or choosing to take additional survivors into the group whom of which you couldn't really provide enough resources to cover their basic needs.Because of the choices that you have to make and the knock-on results that they can bring, you pay the consequences or enjoy the rewards of your choices. Personally, it's refreshing to play a game that questions morality and adequately changes the gaming dynamic because of these calls.This War of Mine gave me that new challenge in the choices that I make in games. I no longer wish to be the bad guy and when I do it in this game, it's not without reason.I really recommend this game to players of fifteen years older or more."
,Recommended,282070,24071110,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HostileHoax,"The Starting Party: Anton, Pavle, Zlata, and Cyeta.The four arrive in an abandoned house, setting up shelter until the war ends.Things are looking good the first five days......and then Pavle is shot dead on Day 6 when attempting to defend a woman from being assaulted by a military soldier.Everyone is sad.Supplies are scarce.Zlata, in despetartion, kills an elderly couple for resources.Everyone gets sadder.In order to redeem herself, Zlata helps a man get medication to his ailing father. She also helps some neighbors dig out trapped citizens from under a collapsed building.Things are looking up, until Anton, who is an elderly man, develops a severe illness.Then while on a scavenging trip, Zlata is gunned down by some thugs.Cyeta goes to investigate, discovering that these thugs have prisoners locked up. She frees one. Cyeta comes by the corpse of Zlata. While mourning her friend, Cyeta takes a bullet to the head when another thug sneaks up on her.Only Anton is left.With poor health and no food, Anton decides he has nothing left to lose and sets out on a mission to avenge his fallen friends. He heads to the hotel where the thugs are based in. Armed only with a knife, Anton knows he probably won't make it back.Anton stealthily sneaks into the building and quietly takes out two guards. He grabs a gun from one of them as well as some ammo. He guns down the rest of the thugs. They didn't even know what hit them.For the next week, Anton survives by hinself by taking food and medication from the now empty hotel. However, Anton is still saddened over the loss of his friends.Things then take a turn for the worse. Returning from scavenging one night, Anton dicovers that his supplies had been raided.He has nothing now.And then the cold of winter arrives.Anton freezes to death. Alone.------------------------------------This game is very interesting and really made me feel like a POS for killing the elderly couple. It provides a challenge and a less talked about perspective on the horrors of war. Although there are some things that don't make sense, for example, after killing all the thugs and taking their supplies, Anton feels bad because he is worried how ""those poor people"" will survive without their supplies. And even though it is a horrid thing to kill any person, his sentiments really don't make sense since Anton literally killed all those thugs, so leaving taking the supplies would not affect the survival of them since they are all already dead. Despite that this game is a very beautiful and depressing.Overall would reccomend."
,Recommended,282070,13787830,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Aztek Rogue,"This game... the words to describe it probably exist but they're not in my vocabulary. I would recommend This War of Mine to anyone whether they like games or not, however that doesn't mean the game is perfect, I would like a way to fast forward, not just skip the day, and the crafting numbers in my opinion should be what you have over what you need, it would be easier for new players to get into crafting, a very necessary part of the game, aswell as a tutorial, that would really help. Aside form those two problems (I don't count a lack of tutorial as a problem because you can get into the game easily enough) workshop support would be nice, think about it, community made characters, maps, and items, oh the items, I believe that it would be a great addition to This War of Mine. In conclusion, if you haven't bought This War of Mine yet, I ask you, WHY NOT!"
,Recommended,282070,18594812,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Soul Sojourner,"Introduction:For anybody considering getting this game... this is a hidden gem.This War of Mine focuses on what other war games simply do not. The lives of regular people who are affected by the war, civilians. The thing to think about is, what would -you- do if war broke out around you, and you had to struggle to survive? Would you be willing to turn your back on neighbors and friends? Would you risk your own health and safety by sharing supplies with strangers, or leaving your shelter to help others?This War of Mine takes on a more personal tone in regards to player experience. If you've ever read any first person war documentaries, this feels like you're playing one. You read the bio entries of your sheltered civilians, and empathize with them and their struggles every step of the way. Survival is really only half of the game, personal comfort and distractions is the other half.This is one of those games that I figured, even if I like it, it won't take long to beat and I won't put a lot of hours into it, but I was wrong. I am over 60 hours right now and still playing it, and the only part of the game I even considered remotely boring was doing a solo Marko run and ""playing the squirrel."" The Anton and Cveta scenario was just downright frustrating, but I imagine that two older people trying to survive with only eachother in the middle of a war would probably have a hard time making it.Pros:+Varied morality based on each citizen's life/lifestyle.+Scavenging and combat system is well rounded and not entirely unrealistic.+Excellent crafting system that compliments the games trading system.+The survival aspect of the game forces you to manage resources and prioritize crafting.+Addictions require you to consider an added level of comfort for those who have them, as well as an additional way to cope.+Excellent personal stories and biographies give you an emotional connection to the civilians in your charge.+Random events that add flavor to the everyday struggle in your shelter.+Artistic style and game atmosphere.+Varied survivor personalities and skills.+Survivors with skills that are useful in real-life, but not-so-useful during a war, gives perspective to how war affects everyone.+Alcohol can be used to help sad people feel better, but also as a trading item.""Everyone should choose one happy memory. And it can't just be good, it has to be grand. When it gets so bad you just want to sit down and cry, when you life seems forfeit, you close your eyes and go back to your happy moment. It's not easy but you have to try.""-The Survivor MarkoCons:-A few minor bugs, most pertaining to the morality system. (Example: Citizens getting sad from ""stealing"" in a location where there used to be armed thugs. Everyone there is dead, it's not technically stealing anymore, and even if it was, it was from bad guys that one of your civilians already killed. (and were happy about it)-Some aspects of the game are particularly easy to exploit. (Examples: You can change the random event of that day, or someone getting sick, or a few other aspects, just by leaving the game and restarting that day. Another example is that you can prevent resources from being stolen during a raid by starting a building project, and then canceling the project the next day to get your resources back.)-Sometimes during the day you wish you could speed it up a bit while waiting for your civilians to dig through rubble or catch up on sleep, but you can only ""end day"" which is often more time than you wish to skip. A speed-up/slow-down feature would be nice. Also a ""pause"" feature that allows you to issue commands to your people at once, without having to try to flip between them as quickly as possible.-It gets fairly repetitive after a few games, luckily there is an alternative shelter you can play in that helps to combat the repitition a little.-Could definitely use more survivor options, base options, and customization of both of these things in both the regular game, as well as creating your own story.-Could do with much more crafting possibilities and game items. Even the couch that you can sit on in some scavenging areas but can't craft for your own shelter is a good example.-Depending on the length of the game, the construction space of your shelter can be very limited.-Something like a craftable safe to keep select items more secure during raids would be a helpful concept.UPDATE: -I almost forgot the most annoying con. ""Alt+Tab"" or basically any minimizing from full-screen mode will crash the game. The only ""fix"" I have found for this, is to switch to Windowed mode at the title screen, and then switch back to full-screen. For some reason, ""Alt+Tab"" works after that!""I've been running into either unsufferable rubes or outright criminals. But I feel that you're different. And for a scientist with an established position like me, the company of people of comparable mental capacity is paramount. Besides.. ah, bloody hell, I can't stand faking it anymore! I'm just an old fart who knows nothing. I'm so grateful for your company. I've been out there alone for too long. Way too long.""-The Survivor AntonThe Good and Bad:+/-Save Intervals. It would be nice if it saved it at the start of every night, as well as every day, but it also forces you to re-do an entire day, if you decide to exit out of the game when something goes wrong at night.+/-The rainwater collector can be placed pretty much anywhere. It doesn't make sense to place it anywhere.""I used to be an optimist - one of those people who'd have sworn that war wouldn't come. Wars happened far away, in third-world countries. Or so I thought. Even when I was listening to the news getting scarier day by day, I did not believe all that was about to happen.""-The Survivor BrunoRECOMMEDED?Without a doubt. Even if this game costed twice as much, knowing what I do from having played it, I would buy it."
76561198109208729,Recommended,282070,13971119,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Illu,"Definitely one of those game that you won't really get what the hype's about unless you play it yourself (and not commentate to an audience while playing, that blows the atmosphere).  No actual story, simply a setting but you may influence how it turns out. Influence, not decide. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. Sometimes you be the bad guy, you get shot. Other times you be the good guy, you still get shot. Just so.In war, not everyone is a soldier."
,Recommended,282070,32637578,Posted: 22 June,all,ネクサス,Deep
,Recommended,282070,28807829,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Amber420,"I bought this game at full price - £14.99 - and believed it was worth ever penny, now I see it in the sale at 3 POUNDS! Whether or not you buy it in the sale, it is worth it. The game is deep and compelling. It creates a chilling atmosphere and really makes the player feel emotions, both good and bad."
76561198068541247,Recommended,282070,20131841,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mikemarksman,"A depressing, heart-wrenching reminder of what man is capable of doing to his fellow man in times of utmost necessity.Would you stick by your principles and morals whilst all around you abandoned theirs? Would you refuse to steal, or to kill? Would you stand by your guns and remain steadfast in your morality, yourhumanity, even whilst your family are freezing; starving; dying of disease?Many wouldn't.I didn't.And that, I believe, is the true value of this game. It made me think, a lot more than any other game I've recently played. It made me sit down and think about what I was doing, and why I was doing it.And it made me realise something:These characters, thesepeoplerepresented by pixels on a screen, could be any one of us, given all the wrong circumstances.With that knowledge also comes the understanding that, at some point in time, in some oft-forgotten conflict, a real human being decided they had no choice but to do exactly what you just did.That broke me, personally, for a while.It's depressing, it's soul-crushing, and yet it's somehow still so compelling.It's us, as a species, trying to survive the torture that we create for ourselves.War is hell."
76561198057704582,Recommended,282070,20982428,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,johncampbell916,I am a retired soldier and I have seen the people caught in the middle . Now someone brings their lives in to the light . great game 9.8/10
,Recommended,282070,12961286,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Oskies Magnet,"This game is a masterpiece. worth every penny I spent on it and I have played only few hours.The randomized scenarios, moral dilemmas and some hard choices that you will need to make and that will determinate if your survivors will pass out or if they will live another hard day, make this game one of the best games of 2014.Of course there are some points that could be better, such as the possibility of using more scavengers during the night or even a co-op (something like the inminent Don't Starve together) could be awesome. But in general terms you are paying for a fully enjoyable game here.Anyway, if you are wondering what game to buy due to the lack of new good/original games and you don't mind to play a single player game, you should go straight for this one.The last thing that you should know is that this is more likely a ""hardcore"" game -I prefer to call it ""oldschool""-, with that I mean that there are no tutorials or helps of any kind. Only simplified descriptions of every item/tool, so you will need to find out how everything works. In fact, the methods are pretty simple, but you will maybe die trying somehow, but hey! remember that this is what the game is about."
,Recommended,282070,12973636,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,carry or done,"Day 25.Low food. Low fuel. Need to survive.My group has stayed in this decrepit home of ours for 25 days.We WILL survive.I send Katya out to scavenge at a small house, an area untouched by the fighting.She enters the home and is greeted by an elderly couple. They are frightened.They scream as they think Katya will end their lives and run to the upstairs to hide. They beg me to not take what little food and medicine they have since the old woman is sick. I feel an urge to just leave them be, but no. My group NEEDS the medicine and food. WE NEED IT.After pillaging the house from food and medicine, I wonder about my actions. My character becomes sad from her actions and others try to comfort her, guilt panging through her for many days.God this game makes me feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥First off, I have to say the game has a remarkable atmosphere. It's dark, gritty, and it isn't afraid to show what a civilian's perspective of the brutality is like. You make hard choices that affect your groups' mentality and attitudes. You can scar NPC's in the world emotionally by killing their family member or spouse. Basically, each choice you make in this game has huge consequences.Secondly, the crafting and scavenging of this game, while well done, is quite tedious at first, but then I understood WHY it is tedious. It reflects the scarcity of ingredients and items in a war-torn, blockaded city. I almost felt hopeless at some points in the game with food running scare many times, fuel depleting rapidly without upgrades and bandits trying to attack my home just so they can get the neccesary ingredients to survive too.Third and finally, the characters themselves of the game, while not too deep, are remarkably likeable even though they don't really speak other than just text boxes. They interact with each other, they offer things to each other such as comfort and support and items. They feel like living people in a very realistic world. At some points, I was almost crying because of my character being broken from killing too many innocent people. He felt hopeless and I did too. I questioned my logic of ""It's the best for us"" or ""It was neccesary"" when I gunned down someone or stole from someone.tl;drThe game is an emotional rollercoaster with unique storytelling, atmosphere and gameplay mechanics. One of the very best games I have played in... ever!"
76561198071453127,Recommended,282070,15154275,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Jack,This dark game tugs at every one of your heart strings. It's the first game that made me feel an adrenaline rush when I put my characters in dangerous situations.This is a game with a soul.
,Recommended,282070,12966961,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Frost ツ,"Awesome Game !!!This game aim not just survival in war. the character and people in your group have feeling like real people.My character feel sad after have to kill old couple for take a food and some materail and they feel worst after steal thing from hospital so they have to drink after that. :vthis game really puts you in the moment. I'm really feel bad when I do the bad thing in this game but I need to do it because my character and group have to survive.If your think about buy this game... ""BUY IT"""
,Recommended,282070,12975728,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Trilion,"An amazing and unique experience of war as a civilian. Clearly deserves the ""User reviews:    Overwhelmingly Positive"""
,Recommended,282070,13036178,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DefenderofArus,"Wow. I don't ever write reviews for games, but I feel that this one definitely deserves it. For starters, I felt that the idea of playing as a struggling group of citizens rather than a soldier was brilliant and definitely a game changer in the world of survival games. The graphics and gameplay have been incredible so far, and I see no signs of that changing. The depth of the game really gets you hooked, and I've had a hard time putting it down. All in all a great game, and I would recommend it to anyone who has $20 to spare. Or doesn't. It really doesn't matter. Just buy the game and see what I mean."
76561198049195159,Recommended,282070,13050163,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,[TiC] Riswald,I don't usually post reviews but this game deserves it. Quite different from anything else i've played this game is fantastic. I highly recommend that anyone who see's this buys This War of Mine
76561197996497485,Recommended,282070,13053071,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,tefloncoatedmonkey,"Brutal and unforgiving, this is a true survival game.  Keeping your little group together and breathing just one more day feels like a real achievement."
76561198008055157,Recommended,282070,14817788,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,SERGEANT,"60 hours in and im just getting warmed up.This game is so good Im tempted to buy it twice.If you want to understand what it is to be a civilian caught in a war, this is the game you want."
76561198021441311,Recommended,282070,12987359,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Glovesflared,Really makes you think about socio-economic constructs and stuff.10/10 Devs are awesome
,Recommended,282070,20120017,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Red,"Even though I haven't played it long, I've already done things in the game I didn't think I would do. Stealing and murdering - yeah sure - but to the people you do it? Just to survive? It got completely dark. A true survival game. Not to show of heroes but the victims. Victims of war. It's happening right now. When you go to sleep. It's happening.Game is brilliant. The atmospehere. The decision based choices. Live or die. You decide.Get this game with the DLC as the proceeds go to the War Child funds. Even if you're not in a war, help someone who is."
76561198006323337,Recommended,282070,13282682,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,sbest67,"You like hack and slash FPS? You WON'T like this. You want your games to provide a pleasant escape from reality? Nope.You want to think about life and its unfairness, the fear of being the weakest and most vulnerable? Is the pawn your favorite chess piece? Give This War of Mine a shot.It is a completely new take on war games, you ARE the civilians hiding in the destroyed buildings. Not a resistance fighter hiding, not a soldier fighting, just a few friends trying to survive, and keeping yourselfves fed and safe.Fun? Not so much. Compelling? Home run."
76561198209686619,Recommended,282070,32641253,Posted: 22 June,all,haah funee meem,"-be me-find ""quiet house"" on map-expect no one to be there, or at best hobos.-walk in-look through keyhole-find elderly couple-old woman talks to husband about WWII and how nice he looked in his uniform-old man starts to then talk about when they met-opens door-old man exclaims that they barely have food and that his wife is sick-turn back-book it10/10 feels"
76561198030031049,Recommended,282070,12959972,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,KaanBabaBurda,"To be honest,I wasn't expecting such a great game.I actually happened to find it very impressive.Its pyhscologically effective and you will get chills from time to time.You can feel that the subject is narrow but you will be shocked to find out that there variable map styles ( i find out 2),different people (more than 6-7 different for now) and also new places to find out.I just started to game and played 5.8 hours without giving a break.I think you will find out that it's worth playing for. 9/10"
,Recommended,282070,27012769,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Medicynal,Great Game.10/10 Would give pavle crippling depression again
76561197969417125,Recommended,282070,14407392,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,G00N3R,"In This War of Mine, players control a small group of civilians as they try to survive during a civil war, in the fictional city of Pogoren. Its a really unique experience, emotional and brutal.Gameplay is split into two sections: day and night. During the day, your survivors are at home. You need to keep an eye on any negative status effects - when they're hungry, give them some food, if they're sick, give them medicine, bandage their wounds and make sure they sleep when tired. You can build equipment such as a stove to cook food, a workshop to craft tools and weapons, rain collectors and filters to get clean water, traps to catch small animals to eat, beds to sleep in, a furnace for heat. And you can craft valuable trade items like cigarettes and booze.During the night, you can select one survivor to scavenge local buildings for supplies, while the others either sleep, or guard your home from bandits. There are lots of areas to visit around the city, and you'll encounter some tricky situations. There are only a couple of completely abandoned areas where you're free to take everything without consequence. Sometimes friendly people will trade with you, but if you don't have anything valuable, would you steal from them instead? Would you murder innocents and take their stuff so your own people can survive? Some areas are occupied by dangerous bandits, who will attack you on sight - but if you're desperate, you might have to risk it.The combat system, like the rest of the gameplay, is managed through a point and click interface. Left click to walk to a location, right click to run, left click icons to interact with an object or person. I found the combat to be very hard, but I think that is probably by design. Our survivors aren't trained soldiers, and powerful guns are rare and expensive. So far I've tried to avoid combat as much as possible. There's no reloading or respawning, so death is permanent.There are several scenarios to play through, where you'll start with between one and four survivors, and sometimes another will ask to join your group. Even that can be a tough choice - an extra pair of hands can be useful but its another mouth to feed. Each survivor has their own story and some of them have a special skill. For example Katja can get better value in trades, Bruno spends less resources when cooking and Arica can sneak quietly.Its the kind of game where you'll generate your own stories. I thought my second attempt was looking good, until we got several days of snow. I couldn't keep the house warm enough, so Bruno froze to death overnight. Realising that every meal would cost me more resources, I started to take risks in the dangerous areas. Arica stealth killed two bandits but a third one shot her dead. Katja went to the same place the next night, figuring one more bandit would be easy enough. Turns out there was more than one and they shot her dead as well. Now alone, and very desperate, I had Pavle murder an old couple and steal all their food, but the next day he was depressed, wouldn't eat anything, and overnight he committed suicide. Game over. But its failures like that which made my next, successful run feel so good.TWOM is a fantastic game and I thoroughly recommend it as a full price purchase."
,Recommended,282070,27253201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ImpuŁse-,"A very beautiful, sad and depressing game."
,Recommended,282070,24036562,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Jonno,Great game. Really shows players like myself the true aspect of war. Playing as survivors gathering resources to live day by day really makes you emotional about those in this situation.Now time to scavenge some games like these ......
,Recommended,282070,14498536,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ken From The Barbie Music Video,"Killed a man with a gun, as the rest of his family was mourning over his dead body i smashed their faces in with a crow barmade me feel bad and think about my life 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,16326256,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Bort,"If you are looking for something a bit different, that doesn't just reward you with another shiny pixel for shooting some other player in the head, or if you are bored with the regular offerings, then this may just be the game for you.It takes place in a warzone city, based on the conflicts in Eastern Europe. The aim of the game is simple. Survive until reinforcements come and lift the siege. Actually doing it though, is far harder.You start off with 3 or 4 people, and most of a house that seems to be out of the way of the shelling. You need to keep your people well, warm, fed, watered, and happy, or at least, content. Each night, you can send out one person to do some looting in another location. That location may be populated, or abandoned. There may be people trying to live there, or looking for trading partners. Or, there could be soldiers who will probably try to kill you.As the game progresses, and you bring more loot home, you can start crafting - beds, heaters, cookers are pretty essential, but then you also have things like water collectors and rat traps to provide food and water, a radio so you can listen in on the news, and find out what is coming to the city, or even something that lets you grow tobacco or medicinal herbs.Of course, if you acquire too much stuff, and not enough weapons, chances are someone will try to raid you at night, stealing whatever they can, and injuring (or worse) one of your survivors.If you are looking for a happy, friendly game, this is not it. If you are looking at a harsh look at the realities of war from a non-combatant's view, then this is the game you are looking for. Or, if you are looking for something a bit more challenging than usual, this will provide exactly that, while still being fun."
76561197974423082,Recommended,282070,16937985,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,kallefranord,"This game is a fresh and new experience. I would recommend it to anyone who want a game where ""you"" makes all the choises of who does what and when. True, there are some random factors of the outcome of your survivors but in a whole its your choices that matters most. A great challenging game that sometimes make you real sad inside but other times make you think that humanity still have a chance.Buy this and get stoked. 9/10 (not 10/10 since there are some repetativeness to it)"
76561197980070440,Recommended,282070,13274530,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Johnooooo,"really great game, based upon the survival of a group of friends in a war zone. can you survive in winter or summer? crafting items from your workbench while one of your team goes out at night to scavange for the nessesary units. getting raided while your team is out searching. falling ill because its too cold at winterall the aspects i've mentioned above really add to the games moral backdrop. do you steal food of your neighbour but let them perish in the civil war ?I HIGHLY reccomend this game to everyone"
,Recommended,282070,12988971,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,garbage baby,"One of my favorite games this year, much more than I expected it to be. This War of Mine is not simply Papers, Please thrust into a crafting/scavenging game. Instead, This War of Mine does a phenomenal job of conveying the desperate situation civilians find themselves when in the middle of a war zone.Every scavenging decision feels like a gamble. Address short-term needs or long-term investments? Steal from the elderly? Kill? Managing and crafting in your home shelter a continuous process of managing losses. Do you use the wood for fuel to stave off the cold, or do you board up your walls to protect against bandits? Can we really spare the last of our meds on an old man who will probably die anyway? Combat is messy, often unexpected, and traumatizing.You will not encounter very many fail-states in this game, as that would be contrary to the theme of desperate survival. What you will face is a slow march of ever worsening conditions, with the dim, almost non-existant hope, that a cease-fire will be signed to end all of soon and bring the game to 'victory'.In the mean time; however, two of my survivors have died, the remaining two are depressed and are coming to blows, and I only have enough food for one of them today. Who do I feed?"
76561198040323960,Recommended,282070,13792006,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wubs4Scrubs,"This game really is a masterpiece and if I had a top 10 list of 2014 while this wouldn't be number 1 it would be pretty close.PROS:This game is stylized and I personally liked the look of the game  however I could understand if some were turned away by the black and white cell shading, I like it even more because it captures the atmosphere of the game which is dark and depressing. If you are looking for an uplifting game, don't look here. Completing this game will generally mean you get some blood on your hands, whether it is innocent blood or a bandit's is up to you. The gameplay is very nice as well, you have to be very vigilant in managing your finite supplies of food, water, and other materials used for building different additions onto your base. This management is difficult to learn what will be optimal for your survival, however once you achieve a good understanding of mechanics it is extremely satisfying to master, thriving in the war torn hell. There is also a randomized element in the game from random people coming to your door to offer you jobs or to ask for your help. This brings up your morals as some of the jobs you're asked to do might be....well let's just say nefarious in nature and it's completely up to you which tasks you spend your limited time completing. From multiple playthroughs I've seen different loot spawn in different places so that is also randomized to an extent making for even more replay value. There are also many different characters present in game that can show up to your door and join your group, all with different backstories, attitudes, and each have unique abilities that will help you in  your fight for survival. For the most part the looting and combat is intense and interesting. You can choose to stealthily creepy around buildings looting or go in guns blazing (if you manage to aquire a gun) the choice is yours on how you want to play the game.CONS:The soundtrack isn't very good, in fact there might not be one present in game as the only music I recall is when you tune your radio into different music stations. Combat/looting also has some quirks, nothing horrible but sometimes when you stealth kill an enemy others across the map will seemingly hear it and come rushing towards your position, this only happened to me twice in my gametime so it's not frequent but it definitely can happen. The characters in game are also not very interesting, each has his/her own backstory and if you pass an event their biography will update with their feelings on the situation. I personally didn't get very attached to any of them and when one died I was more concerned about who was going to go crawling through the dirt for food rather than sad about their passing, even a simple re-naming system for the characters would heighten my caring for their lives.VERDICT:I whole heartedly recommend this game as a fan of management, building, and looting games. If you purchase this game however beware that this isn't an easy experience and you most likely won't beat the game your first, or even second playthroughs. If you do manage to beat the game quickly not only are you better than me but the game has enough replay value where more runs are also very entertaining. I'm not much for number value reviews so I'll just say this game is definately worth adding to your library."
,Recommended,282070,21241339,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Africandave™,"⭐⭐⭐⭐★Don't you hate it when your sims complain about doing the dishes after they have been eating rats and shelled by artillery for a month???Really awesome game, it's the resource-management/survival/crafting/gritty-story that you are looking for.Motto of this game ""If your not ♥♥♥♥ing somebody over, you're getting ♥♥♥♥ed over""Edit - Those saying that it doesn't ""randomise"" it absolutely does - one game can have the derilict school full of homeless people and the next Militia armed to the teeth."
76561198164094558,Recommended,282070,15254008,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,King Rat,"Very good game. It takes a bit to get used to, but overall very enjoyable. It'll keep you on your toes with managing supplies and watching the health of your survivors."
,Recommended,282070,12985565,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Lundrill,"This War of Mine is a great RPG that looks at war from a different viewpoint and creates an atmosphere that I've never seen in any other video game. It has a lot of replayibility because most things are not scripted and its graphics and mechanics are really well done. This game requires a lot of planning and ability to make tough decicions, and therefore, is a nice change from the other war games which are mostly just mindless shooters. Playing this game will really change your views on war and human race. I highly recommend it. (Great title by the way)"
,Recommended,282070,18053486,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Hunter,A grim take on war and the things it forces citizens stuck in war zones do for sake of survival. I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in seeing the other side of war.
76561198078679059,Recommended,282070,29264428,Posted: 14 January,all,pb without the j,"During my school years i was going through the library when i stumbled upon a book called ""i remember Beirut"" by Zeina Abirached. it was a comic book about the authors childhood living in Lebanon during a civil war, which sadly goes on today. I never even heard of Lebanon and every person at school i talked to about it never heard of the country as well. I even attempted to talk about it in one of my history projects, but then i realized i couldn't and had to go on about Gallipoli that the school system thought was so ♥♥♥♥ing important to learn the third time. There are so many places in the world that are strife with war that should been talked about in the news, but the only countries the news wants to show are Jerusalem and Syria, which sadly many people might know the country because of the conflict.""This war of mine"" is a form of justice that the developers wanted to show to the world, about a subject that is not looked up to a lot in gaming, hell even most media. I always like my fast paced action games such as ""F.E.A.R"", and even sometimes implemented humor like ""Postal 2"". But sometimes you just have to come back to earth and look at the harsh realities of human nature that has gone haywire. Its a game that doesn't shy away from mature themes on war and even if it doesn't have a spectacular combat system it makes up for on how it's presented.gameplaythe controls of the game is fully mouse use and works well for the most part. you do everything with it, from moving to selecting to placing to attacking to all that sort of stuff. the reason for this could be for the fact you play as an entire group. you have two cycles, one where you manage your group and  you shelter in the day, and one where your desperately scavenge a selected location during the night.the day time cycle is when you have to manage your stats of your survivors and possibly improve your shelter, you can make various crafting stations and miscellaneous stuff such as chairs. sometimes people come to your shelter to exchange goods or to ask for help for possibly goods in return. Even the characters you have all have unique stats and personality. some like to smoke and others like coffee, you don't have to do their needs and their happy to help out. you only have a certain amount of time during the day and your constantly rushing to do the basic necessities to survive the next day. it a little bit funny how the music is so calming when your constantly rushing the survivors, but that is little comfort where the biggest problems come from scavengingYou can only scavenge at night and have a limited amount of time like daytime, the character you choose can depend on how much they can carry and its a very big factor in this game. you only have a limited amount of slots and how much you have can carry can depend on life and death. but the areas that are safe from hostile are finite, and soon you will have to be robbing bandits or military outposts, or worst of all, other survivors.now the combat in this game also works well and there are various areas where you can hide and take cover. the combat it even more intense with a permadeath system that if you one of your survivors die, they die for good. the combat isn't really hard once you get the hang of it but that is not the worse of it.the game has a built in mood mechanic that changes if the characters do something heroic or evil. now keep in mind you do control your characters and not their personality, if you get them to kill a bandit or soldier or save someones life, they'll be happy or care very little. But if you get them to kill or rob a survivor, sometimes they'll become depressed to the point that they will start crying or worse, commit suicide. their mood can depend on what they will do and if they are content, they will be really hard to depress unless its extreme scenarios, if they are their movement is lowered and their actions take longer. it's a very well implemented mechanic that is very fitting for the game tone.artificial intelligencethe npc have their own personalities and reactions to the presence of the controlled survivor when your spotted by them. there are ones that will just ignore you, or threaten you to leave if they are survivors or sometimes soldiers. then there are ones that will kill you on site which are bandits and mostly soldiers. the game has a health bar and if their health is really low, sometimes they will beg for mercy, or run if you killed most of their team. If your not spotted and watch them, they have their own idle animation, like reading a book or going to sleep.atmospherethe game itself is as depressing as the trailer said it would be. you will be constantly having to get needs that shouldn't be hard to get in our time, like food, water medicine, and a lot of other problems that are death threatening. even the beginning of the game when you first start has no other button in the menu, except the word ""survive"".The background also sets the tone for the rest of the game like a pair of shackles with a man and a child holding hands and looking out to the distance of smoke and decay, with a dilapidated wall saying ""♥♥♥♥ the war"". you start it up and here you go, a group of survivors and a little backstory of these poor people, and the rest is up to you. I did manage to survive on my first run but was the worst play in my life which i didn't want to do. one survivor died, and another with post traumatic stress disorder.there is no hand holding in this game, there is even no tutorial, because it wants you to push you to the limits. its a look into the cries of people that have never been heard or given a lot of justice. your group is no superhero, they are like you and even feel remorse from the pain of others. you can go through the game without killing outright good people, but you still won't save everyone.the game isn't bleak and depressing, you can help others in times of needs like giving medicine to children. It will give you a massive smile on your face when you get as many people out of this alive and still pure to themselves, i sure did.negativesthe placement of stuff can be an♥♥♥♥♥ especially where the buttons are placed. putting the ""end day"" button next to ""our stuff"" has led to many days where i couldn't finished my tasks because i tried to look at our inventory. now you can exit and reload the save, but it goes back to the beginning of the day and then you have to do it all over again.the ai in combat is also thick as well, here's a scenario.two soldiers kill a rebel, i'm hiding and when one of them falls down the hole i kill a soldier, i though he would leg it but my survivor can hear him climbing the ladder to where i am and i wait for him with the shotgun, then i kill him. what im saying is that if i was somewhere where there was one entrance. every armed enemy will come rushing at you one by one. a little bit more thought into the characters ai would have made for an engrossing experience.conclusionthe whole game is set in a make believe country of Poregon and even that it makes a good impression to be one of my favorite games. It's a game where every single problem you experienced is because of war. there is nothing good coming from it for any good person. it works well as a game that conveys its message. this is a game that manages to help people understand the struggles of refuges.and if you think the war child charity is a scam, herehttp://www.polygon.com/2015/4/2/8331411/this-war-of-mine-charity-dlcthere is dlc for the game and each has funds towards war-child, a charity for chidren in war torn countries. the game will teach you something like ""Undertale"" and if your a parent, buy this game for your child or children. you will not regret it."
76561198047923969,Recommended,282070,15615528,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,nuff.sed666,God damm i love this game!! war should not always be a shoot'em'up!! this makes you think about all the people who are stuck in the middle of the war
,Recommended,282070,19007273,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,NathanAhead,"ive gotten it over Lets Players such as Jack but this one is a heart pounding game to be very honest , you can replay it continuesly and make it harder to suit your taste , every night you fear that anyone can see you and pull a gun out ending your characters life , you drown out their sorrows with alcohol , you tend to their wounds with bandages and medication , each and everyone gives you a risk and reward , you feel it at every crack of dawn whether you finished looting a gas station or simply survived with what loot you stole each and every action makes you invigorated and more and more into itto be honest its a good game overall when you dont have much to do"
,Recommended,282070,15188003,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,chill-2k,great game must get but give mixed emotions
,Recommended,282070,25535867,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,omnimatt87,"Simple but fun survival mechanics. Multiple play throughs are a thing. I've only completed one full play through and I got the poor girls daddy killed because I was still not used to the stealth / path finding mechanics. That was my 3rd attempt at completing a play through because when one first starts this game - they will want to restart every time you get someone killed. But after you realize it's a story about the gruesome reality of war then you can move on and keep surviving with the rest of the members of your group. When I first got someone killed on my first two play throughs I restarted each time. One because you feel as if you lost an actual human being with a heart and sole. Second of all because this game gives you no tutorial on the combat mechanics. So it can be frustrating when you're trying to test them out when you first start. After you realize that the mechanics are very simple then you get used to it really really fast.Enjoy the survival mechanics of the game during the day and then each night you can pick and choose who you want to stay at your shelter to guard or sleep. You can also choose to bring someone out for a scavange. This is where the action/stealth mechanics come into play. Very simple system with a simple point and click style. Simple, effective and fun. Very entertaining. I see now why this game won cultural awards. This game will pull at your heart strings. It tells a story. You're meant to pay attention to the small instances of story that pop up. Writing on the walls, photographs that capture the events of your play through. Even small bits of ones journal as well as the interactions you have with one another as well as other survivors in different areas that you can trade with. Watch out for thugs. They WILL put a bullet in you and you WILL lose one of your characters especially when you first start because you will feel the urge to test the mechanics out. Also, be careful where you click because sometimes your guys will decide to take a path straight into a bunch of armed thugs if you're not careful.This game is dark and depressing. But in a beautiful way and I am still excited to play through several more play throughs because there are several areas that I still have not even chosen to explore yet. The game also gives you different scenarios to choose from and each one is unique in different ways 24 hours so far and I'm going to take a break now. This is definitely a game that I will periodically come back to and play.This game will make you teary eyed. If you have a soul."
,Recommended,282070,13137594,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,tacoburger [MM],in a world where a single bandage is worth about as much as a couple of assault riflesor a tin of food is worth more than four bottles of alcoholgreat game of survival and decision makingi hope it gets updated!
,Recommended,282070,13743643,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Motoagogo,"Before I start my review I want to say this, never have I had a game make me feel the way this game did. The setting and harsh reality of post fallout survival really help this game live up to any expectation you might of had. I went into the game with a small amount of hype and really was interested by the trailer, and the game lived up to be better than I thought it would be and in fact is easily in my top 3 Indie games this year.PROS:Great Art Style and AnimationsTrue feeling or regret or shame for killing someone for suppliesEvery play through is different, no two will be the sameAll decisions will affect your survivalCharacters are easy to fall in love withYour feels....all the feelsSounds and gameplay are both spot onMoral choices really play a partCONS:ALT-TAB is broken, and will crash the gameSometimes I will get a slight stutter but it goes away after a min or twoSmall glitches will happenREVIEW SCORE:9/10So close to being perfect yet so far no game is perfect. Anyone that is wishing to have the true feeling of the weight of humanity on your shoulders and that every choice you make will impact someone’s life somehow, then play this. This is a must buy for me, and I hope you all enjoy it as much as I did. Keep those vegies handy....you will need them."
,Recommended,282070,14554389,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Captain Serious,"The most bleak depressing game of Sims you'll ever play.  You'll constantly be juggling your survivors needs from the start of this game to the end.A great and different approach to games about war.  You'll feel the desperation of surviving day to day in a war torn city, and weep with joy when you see the glorious message ""The War is Over.""A worthwhile game with a worthwhile cause to draw attention to the people suffering this fate in the real world."
,Recommended,282070,28724161,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,yummycake_xian,"This War of MineRecommended for those are into survival- simulation, time management and high replayability value.Note : I buy this recently, with the Anniversary Edition update included.TL;DR versionItems (Alphabetically)Score (1-3/3)Control and Gameplay3/3Fun Factor2/3Graphic2/3Replayability Value3/3Sound2/3Story2/3Value for Full Price2/3LONG VERSION1. Control and Gameplay : point and click game, with some ""panic system"" at times. Minimum loading screen. Autosave system. Even at high res setting, it does not lag. Quite realistic and easy to learn.2. Fun Factor : I am not quite amused by timed- management games, but it give me adequate times to think and act wisely. Will get used to quickly deciding actions in just a minute.3. Graphic : Unique sketchy and black-and-white-ish artwork is really suited the gloomy and mellow war atmosphere. The small details is impressive, but limited variations on item designs.4. Replayability Value : you have custom mode stories and more content could be downloaded at workshop(the dev encourages it, they prepare a clickable link to workshop on start title).Nice bonus for adding a surprise free update/dlc after 3 years of release date (the anniversary mode- add new locations and npcs).5. Sound : nothing spectacular, but the music fits the theme well.6. Story : fresh point of view, quite uncommon to play as the victims (while usually we get used to FPS as the soldiers).Some stories, they require tissues while playing at it.7. Value for Full Price : to support the great indie developers out there, why not? But honestly, it's quite overpriced for college student like me. And also, I am interested to pay the dlc (which 10% of it is a charity) with the price gap in sale.Thank you for reading!"
,Recommended,282070,17443798,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,人形,"This War of Mine explores the harrowing realities of living amid war.Its resource management, life-sim and exploration mechanics are simple. Each day plays out in two phases. The clean split between day and night creates the steady metronome that keeps you pushing through This War of Mine. You're tasked with feeding survivors, ensuring they get a good night's rest and looking out for their physical as well as mental health.Systems This War of Mine's are designed to push you towards moral quandaries, where you're trapped by basic human needs, and shown how they can so easily corrupt otherwise upstanding people.Like a grim version of The Sims, players click around to move characters and on icons to assign tasks such as making food, building, clearing rubble, rifling through resource points or administering aid—either medicinal or moral. All of this is reliant on having the appropriate resources, which are gathered at night when a character can be sent to scavenge while the others sleep or stand guard. Locations include abandoned squallers, schools, hospitals, churches and more. Areas with more valuable resources are either inhabited or defended, while the safer places yield less.Everything outside line of sight is enveloped in a fog, giving the exploration real tension. Walking is silent but slow, while running comes at the risk of making noise, denoted by emanating circles of sound. Enemies emit these same tells, as do rats scurrying around. NPCs that hear the sounds or spot you in their line of sight will investigate, The defenseless cower, some propose a barter, others respond with deadly force. The slow, deliberate pacing accentuates the languishing, oppressive atmosphere.This War of Mine is one the most thematically interesting games."
,Recommended,282070,13697216,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Thebigmob,Totally Awesome game. A nearly Must play.But if this game makes fun at the end.... you do something wrong or very right!
76561198294760863,Recommended,282070,23449614,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Frost,A really good game. It's worth your money.
76561198161316756,Recommended,282070,33732474,Posted: 22 July,all,Venoriom,This game really questions your morals and what you would do to survive in a war.
,Recommended,282070,20633181,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sleepless Stliger,This game had me yell in frustration or rejoice in simple pleasures like... finding food... Really shows the other side and brutality of war.Its messed up at times and shows that survival may not always be easy. You find yourself often fighting between your morality and your needs in this game.
,Recommended,282070,34026800,Posted: 4 August,all,Gowps,really makes you think
,Recommended,282070,21816512,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Galil the Raifu,I murder and steal because I have to feed myself and my friends.I'm a monster.
76561198078459451,Recommended,282070,34127900,Posted: 9 August,all,aerenus,"If you enjoyed games like Papers, Please, The Beholder, This is Police and also downloaded and build-up a vault in Fallout Shelter - this is the perfect game."
,Recommended,282070,14167781,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Hambles,Well... all my survivors suffered from a mental breakdown and lost the will to live because apparently it's IMMORAL to beat an elderly couple's head in with a shovel... -.-10/10
,Recommended,282070,15780547,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Medea,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. It's not fun. It won't make you happy. In fact, it might make you miserable. Though you can meet the win conditions and manage to outlive the conflict it never feels like victory. Every action taken for survival must be weighed against the ultimate consequences for your crew.Yes there are puzzle aspects, and a good gamer will find ways to maximize their chances of survival. But ultimately this game forces you to make terrible choices, and manages to make you feel their consequences. This is the type of game that students should be playing in school as it manages to communicate some of the horrors experienced by non combatants in war.Buy it. Play it. Remember it."
,Recommended,282070,13862581,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,[DPM] Kreirravia,"While I'm not normally fond of side scrollers This War of Mine is a rare exception. You play as a group of civilians held up in a run down old house in the middle of a war zone (civil war to be exact). How will you survive? Go out at night and find those must needed meds, or food. Trade with others barely holding on? or will you just take what you want.This game will have you choosing between letting your people die or gunning down that kid and his elderly parents for a couple of cans of food and maybe, a bottle of meds. All the while praying your base doesn't get raided and those people you are now murdering a small family for, are not killed.For those that don't like to look at the meaning behind their actions (in a video game) or the story you'd best not get this. Everyone else will see this game for what it is, a hard, soul-crushingly depressing, remorseless look at the horrors of war that'll have you playing just to see your guys though this hell hole until a cease fire is finally announced (picked at random).Those that are sensitive to emotionally taxing experiences may want to also avoid this game, at times you may be given the choice to help that woman being dragged off by an armed soldier, that main lying in the middle of the path with a sniper edging closer, and closer to you, or if killing that elderly couple is worth saving three lives.While this game is a side scroller it more then makes up for it in the meaning behind every action you take, and the consequences. If I had to give it a score? 9/10 and it only loses 1 because I had to kill a kid with my rifle to stop my group from starving. :(~ Edit for Steam Awards =P"
76561198002574288,Recommended,282070,13678597,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ThyJebusBeDone,>This looks easy>go to rob an old couples house>the old guy calls me evil>depressing music starts>feelbad.jpg>return home>find one of my friends had been killed by raiders>my other friend is depressed>go out the next night>get stabbed>return home wounded>find that the other friend has left because he was too depressed>all by myself>go to the hospital>get stabbed and die10/10 will be play again
,Recommended,282070,13067532,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,DMentMan,"really depressing game, i do recomend it.Edit: Guns needs some serious fixes, i shot someone 10 times with a pistol from 1 meter away, and then he shot me with a shotgun once, and i die, so fixes are needed."
76561197977867099,Recommended,282070,12960309,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Marcel§,"Started yesterday, finished today :Dthis game had me at ""hello"" ;)im not sure if its my favorite or my least favorite game though... its the first game that has me kinda melancholic even after i survived - which gamewise should be a success. I think I have a more insightful view of war now than I had before. That being said I never supported war in the first place, however now i can relate to the victims even more (i think).So+atmosphere (music, sounds, graphics) seemed perfect to me , goal of the game itself (besides making money for the people creating it) was amazingly accomplished = to show what war is like for civilians, if i gave it more thought i could probably come up with more positives since I cant think of anything negative gameplaywise-gametime (as i said, started yesterday afternoon, finished today), even though that might be a good thing, since any more time playing it might have had me depressed for a longer time,no explanation as it comes to e.g. how to turn ice into water (ingame, not real life (that one i can figure out))  - then again the civilians don't have any guides either as it comes to surviving.The price might be a little high, for that little gametime. 10 - 15 € would have been more reasonable but whatever.Thats the best criticism I could come up with. Ilovedthe game!! Orhatedit!!I dont know!At least i havestrong feelingstowards it!! :D"
,Recommended,282070,12956655,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,INC Grandma,"I really enjoyed playing this game, is a twist on a situation but is it's own kind of puzzle game rather than anything else. The graphics are fantastic and gives the game a more quality feel. It's good for a few hours at once at any given time."
,Recommended,282070,15160457,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Equation™,"Only played a little bit so far but seems fantastic, really good atmosphere, and the fact that the DLC you can buy for this game goes 100% to charity is a really nice gesture from the developer, he's just bought himself a ticket to Heaven due to that!"
,Recommended,282070,13648542,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nacho,"You know all those hippies running around saying ""War is heck"" and all that crap?Well,They finally have a point."
,Recommended,282070,31343958,Posted: 24 April,all,Wrath,"I'm definitely not in the same boat as the ""this isn't a game, it's a work of art"" folks, no it's definitely a game. It's a pretty good one, but let's be realistic about it. It's notexactlya roguelike, but it's not really a long-term campaign either. It is, instead, a terrific post-apocalyptic survival-strategy game where you must make it through a certain duration where help arrives or the war ends.You start the game, having arrived at an abandoned property, which you immediately loot and proceed to fix up, to the best of your abilities. Every night brings the option to stay home or go on a mission to loot a building out into the city, which is covered by snipers, brigands, and other hazards. One of those hazards is that leaving makes your own home less defended and more susceptible to being robbed yourself.Along the road to survival, it's possible to have a number of shocking encounters which you can either do very well at, flee from, or fail completely. Indeed, the game does an excellent job of showing you the dire consequences of a poor decision made in haste, and what trying to fix that would look like. You are, similarly, praised for a difficult situation that you aced. Physical and mental health is the primary concern, as it should be, and providing a safe and well-supplied environment should prove challenging to all players.Decent graphics, seamless gameplay, (as far as I can tell) bug-free, and an appropriate soundtrack. This program is solid and well-made. Naturally, I recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,30634762,Posted: 20 March,all,JohnMac,"This game is unique in the fact that it puts you in the middle of an eastern european war.. but playing the role of a group of civilians instead of soldiers. Although there is action to be had, the main focus is an emotionally choice driven experience, in which you are concentrating on not starving to death or succumbing to illness and the bitter winters as well as making nightly scavenging raids.You are running low on food and have no medicine, but one of your dear friends is dying of illness, you go out on a scavaging mission and come across an old house. You manage to make entry and find food, medicine and supplies. But when you go to leave you stumble across the occupants, an elderly frail and frightened couple also struggling to survive. They beg you not to take their supplies...Do you loot the place and leave them to die? Do you kill them and end their upcoming misery? Or do you leave and risk another night in which your friends may very well not make it?These are the kinds of decisions that need to be made in this game. Its an epic experience.Oh and i forgot, the soundtrack is absolutely brilliant."
76561198033424233,Recommended,282070,13010037,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SanctifiedDevil,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is what being an Indie Dev is all about. They pushed the boundary of storytelling and presented a game that is full of the most depressing narrative I have ever played. If there is only one game this year you want to purchase, ditch every AAA title and go here. This War of Mine is gritty, dark, and one of the most imaginative games I've seen in awhile. It will push you to the brink of depression without reminding you that its just a game and to not worry about it.First play through I made it to Day 16. In the last couple of days my team went through numerous raids, sustained life threatening wounds, and fended off severe illnesses. On day 13, I ran out of food and decided to raid a home inhabited by an elderly couple that I knew couldn't defend themselves, I took everything I needed and they started calling for help. I decided that the risk of whatever may happen if help arrived wasn't worth the reward or their lives so I did them in. I took everything they had. I watched as my survivors sunk into deep depression about what they had did just for a nights meal. The next 3 days were filled with a downhill ride of depression, death, and abandonment. Much as I imagine what any person put in that situation would go through.This isn't just a game, it's an emotional trainwreck."
76561198031078946,Recommended,282070,12954559,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,FourLights,"I bought this game last night, pretty much sight-unseen. It was then suddenly four in the morning.I'm not sure how much credibility a review written after five hours of gameplay can hold, but I thought the first sentence probably covers whether or not I'd recommend it.In terms of actual reviewy type things, I can tell you this:The gameplay is excellent, filled with the tension you'd expect to experience living in a besieged city. This atmosphere is executed brilliantly, the art style, music and pacing all lending more to it, allowing you to really put yourself into the space presented to you with your poor, semi-displaced trio of housemates.I've played a lot of survival games and all of them have one conceit or another to explain the situation (zombies, spiders, zombies, aliens, zombies etc.) but the more realistic story in This War of Mine (a story being played out in the world in a number of places right now), in my opinion, lends it a more visceral, wholly real, experience.If you're a fan of the survival genre, or a fan of artistic, atmospheric games, I'd suggest that you will not regret handing over your money for this one."
76561198073278552,Recommended,282070,24732651,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SuperProxy,"The game's very good and emotional. You try to avoid combat as much as possible. A civilian's perspective of war and ways of trying to survive it. If you're a perfectionist, then this game will really get to you."
,Recommended,282070,12975588,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,300/300 FIBER VISION,"Truly, what an amazing game this is! I've been sucked in for well over 12 hours in one sitting, something that very rarily happens for me with an indie game like this. (The play-time counter is broken for some reason...) The soundtrack is really good, it perfectly illustrates the doubt and fear in this group of survivors you're trying to lead. The gritty art style is very, very nicely done. The sketchy look and dull, grey colors do a really good job of showing this ravaged urban area. The stealth system is quite advanced, and the combat is random and really nervewracking (Think of XCOM). Losing a beloved member of the group is really a deep pain, and it echoes throughout the group. They mourn their dead and might even become depressed. The looting is very rewarding, and the limited inventory space forces heavy inventory management. Nothing like sneaking through a bandit camp and stealing all the goods that they themselves have stolen from others. The trading is very fun and well done, and it forces a lot of tough decisions. Do I want tobacco/alcohol that I may be able to sell for a good amount of food/materials, or do I want to just bring a smaller amount of materials or food and avoid the risk of not being able to sell it when I need food the most? The decisions you have to make are tough. I found myself robbing an elderly couple in pure desperation, only to stop for a moment and realize what I'd just done. The game has good replayability to a point, as it's somewhat randomized.All in all, one of the best, if not very best, survival indie games I have ever played. 10/10, would starve to death again."
76561198045875372,Recommended,282070,12948359,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Your Pal Adolf,"Damn good, and super immersive.  My 1st session lasted a lot longer than I thought it would.  Finding a balance between risk vs reward is a huge part of this game, and there's always been a sense of tension while I was playing; whether it was because we were only finding scraps of food when everyone was hungry, or when a gunman is lurking just around the corner of where you are looting. Lot's of moral decisions to make as well that may or may not reward you with some kind of supplies.The only downside I can think of are somewhat wonky combat controls, but you'll more often than not be avoiding combat anyway.So far I'd give it a 9/10."
76561198082345505,Recommended,282070,12947495,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Cairn.L,"A very special, unique gaming experience."
,Recommended,282070,24605175,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,T.K.,"This is a really good game, I really enjoy it. It has a great atmosphere, it made me want to play it and be afraid of mess with all my progress. Really good survival game, the different point inThis War of Mineis the fact, that they tried quite well to give your characters emotions, which is good and make the Game-Play much interesting. Give it a try. :)"
,Recommended,282070,18405032,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,godukz,"+rich story ( every characters has 6 different endings)+can create new characters with new trait+decent combat system- some game systems are exploitablei wish :• there was ""wasd"" system• fast forward systemscore: 9/10"
76561198120707753,Recommended,282070,34406259,Posted: 21 August,all,barosbz,"Everytime I played a game where I can kill or rob someone, I didn't feel any remorse... and, honestly said, I even enjoyed violence, ruthlessness and brutal egoism, since we - humans - developed some destruction-delight. Playing this game made me realise how monstrous a human being can become just to survive and I truly resented myself, when it came to robbing and killing people, although I knew that it had to be done.However, there's also the bright side of this game in which we see that even in such hard times like war people can unite, help, care about eachother and remember about their humanity."
,Recommended,282070,16912820,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Zmrzlik,"В большинстве игр нам предлагается быть самым бравым бойцом на поле боя. В этой с бойцами лучше не встречаться вообще. Это обычно не приводит ни к чему хорошему. Наше дело прятаться от бандитов, охотиться на крыс в подвале и искать растопку для печки, чтобы не замерзнуть.+ Набор хорошо проработанных персонажей+ Интересные локации (от перезапуска к перезапуску кампании локации меняются кардинально)+ Множество предметов + крафтинг+ Реиграбельность- Есть несколько шероховатостей в игровой механике, которые, в общем, можно и не заметить"
,Recommended,282070,24555669,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Miffy,"Time to stop playing FPS for a moment and think about its consequences.Personal point of view, you can surely ingore that if you want.When you point at a soldier's head in a game, will you think about his life? His lover? What will happen to his friends & relatives after you shot him? What will happen to his little girl, his greatest treasure that he want to protect to death? No, you would just think,""Oh another headshot, I'm doing fine.""Real life is always not fun. BUT that is NOT the reason you vote for war & protest in a referendum. whe you just think that fighting is ""fun"". ""Oh war is fine we like shooting each other in the face we are the youth we can protest what we against we don't afraid the consequence"".I was totally terrified when I imagined what our children will be when they grew up in a peace world with bunch of great war games that told them how to fight/shoot against each other.Yes the war can never ends. but what if we show the consequence before our chilren can start the next war?That's why I like this game so much. It did what other FPS & war games can never do.Buy this product in any worth.Honestly, when you see a bunch of developer/publisher that the purpose of the game was not to impress people. but to save innocent children from war, you should definitly buy his product.Not for your consciences, but for their bravery & determination from doing that.11/10 Best anti-war game for so long."
,Recommended,282070,13112332,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bobby denton,kills old ppl and gets  happykills group of bandits gets depressed and shoots self10/10 would perform irl
76561198287562017,Recommended,282070,24053517,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Makkusu,I do recommend this game. It´s fun and entretaining. But if you play it for too much time then it´ll get a bit boring. But fun to play for a while.9/10
,Recommended,282070,12969960,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ThatGuyFromCollege,"(Read as a limmerick)Here is a game that is worth your time,it goes by the name This War of Mine.You play as civilians going through a war,and for you there will be so much in store.What will it take for you to survive,the choices you make you die or thrive.Will you be naughty or nice,everything has its price.Sometimes you will be resulted to steal,merely because that building had great appeal.One time I had a chance to save a girl,but it was only through an option that would make you hurl.I murdered a soldier and took his gun,which stopped him from having his fun.In a lawless society who will you be,when you are looting what will you see.All in all I hope you enjoy your time,when you are playing This War of MIne."
,Recommended,282070,16799928,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,AgentSly,I cried.
76561198104313035,Recommended,282070,14284000,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,GAINZ LORD,"I broke into someones house and stole their medical supplies and shanked them so they had no way to heal themselves, after that i ran home and played this game. It was ok 8/10."
76561198068282302,Recommended,282070,13752283,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ave,"UPDATE: With the new editor, this game can also double as Baltimore Simulator 2015.This game is basically Ukraine Simulator 2015.The Good:- There isn't really a tutorial, which helps to create an atmoshpere of caution as you play through the game. You get relatively few characters to use, each with their own benefit, so losing even one may have dire consequences.- The gameplay has the right amount of challenge to it. If you play smart, you should be alright but if you do not, you will not survive. The fact that the game is unforgiving also helps to evoke the sense of desperation present in the characters' situation.- The environment. With the right tools, you can begin to destroy things like cabinets to scavenge them for parts.- The art style. The way the game handles shading, and your characters' field of vision, is great.- The game evolves as you play. Did you leave a pile of wood in that rubble, for later? Getting back to it may suddenly become impossible, between the fighting and the snow. And if you do get back to it, there's no guarantee it'll even be there, if the area you're going has people at it. It makes the choice between that can of food, or that bunch of planks, all the more important.- Your characters give you feedback about the choices that they make, and their feedback can have tangible results in gameplay. Generally, the more horrible you are to your fellow man, the sadder your little group becomes, which seems to effect how quickly they move, or perform tasks.This game is very immersive. If you were a fan of the Fallout Series, but also enjoy a more ""serious"", even dark, atmosphere, this game is definitely for you.The Bad:- The game gets repetitious, during the day cycle.- ""Realism"". This War of Mine does a good job of drawing you into the setting, but at the same time there are a lot of little things that break one's suspension of disbelief. The way the game squishes time means that it can take your people a half an hour to climb two ladders and walk a hundred feet to answer the door. In a game focused on gathering and survival, there are a lot of things that you can't scavenge. Doors, and the planks barring the doors, I'm looking at you. Papercuts also generally don't require rolls of bandages to combat. And closing doors doesn't seem to increase the temperature in your shelter any, when it starts getting cold. Also, why I have to purify my water before I boil it, I'll never know.- The game's ""Good choice/bad choice"" moments are pretty generic ""do the good and inconvenient thing/do the bad and helpful thing"" survival choices. Where the decision making really begins to get murky, is with the internal choices such as ""Who gets to eat?"" (Sorry I let you starve Bruno, but the irony of the cook starving was too amusing).- The level of interaction you have with other people is limited in comparison to games with similar themes.- There is no tutorial. This is also in the Good category. This is also bad because the game does not explain how combat works, so the first few times a situation goes sideways you will probably lose due to figuring out what does what.This is a slower-paced game. If you are a fan of flashier/shooter games, and not a fan of micromanagement, this game probably isn't your cup of tea.All in all? I'd rate this game a solid 8.5/10."
76561197970309850,Recommended,282070,12945954,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,billy,"This is more a first impression than a review as i havent played long . This game looks great , i love the art style and the animations. The game also feels very polished , everything about it tells you the makers put love and effort into this game. Early days yet but i can definetly see me getting my money's worth and if it offers good replayability then it will be great. I'll edit this as a full review once i played a lot more."
,Recommended,282070,12948215,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,奇妙な,"This game is ever so immersive and challenging. Every action has a consequence and every night is a true test of your management skills, having to stock up on food, water, medical supplies and other essential pieces to help keep your tight-knit group together. You may come across other refugees, not all of which are friendly; Just hope you make the right judge of character. All in all, I'd give this game 8.5/10. Could do with a better fear system and maybe give the option to talk to other Scavengers/Occupants, gain info, threaten or just for conversation. Also combat tweaks, even though the game is not focussed on the combat aspect, it should be more.. fluent. I'd also prefer if the maps were more randomly generated, different rooms, different people and loot, etc. Still a great game and I'd reccomend anyone buy it."
76561198012070982,Recommended,282070,16427587,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Boogaloobob,"I read a lot of good things about this game before I finally got to play it. And for once everybody was absolutely right!!It is totally absorbing in a way that's as entertaining as it is depressing.  Slowly you become more and more involved with the war victims in the game and although it is as desperate as it probably is in real life every little victory is immensely satisfying. I never managed to play beyond day 30 yet but somehow I keep restarting and giving it another try.Although the setting is much more harsh the game reminds me of Expedition Conquistadores at times. (making your choices of where to scavenge at night and doing all the necessary chores in daytime. Also the  involvement with your characters) This is one hell of a game and I'd strongly recommend it to anyone who likes a challenge in a somber but realisttic setting. There's a lot of choices but no fast paced action, but it's probably more intense than all the Call of Duty's put together."
,Recommended,282070,13556528,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Exciting Jeff,"This is arguably the best zombie game ever made, despite the absence of zombies. It's an excellent wargame, despite the war happening in the background. It's an incredible resource management game, and it reflects both the tedium and the agonizing decision making that accompanies a desperate battle for survival without ever feeling heavy-handed.The narrative is almost entirely emergent, but this game nails its tone.Did it change the way I think about war? No, not really. But I found the experience genuinely compelling."
,Recommended,282070,15402981,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,CJ,Depressing as my girlfriend
,Recommended,282070,23884579,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],This is an awesome game! I find it quite hard but I havent played anything like this in a while so that could be to blame. There is a lot of content too.
,Recommended,282070,35324647,Posted: 29 September,all,Quantity + Quality,"War is hell, and playing this game, I felt like it.When the war ended, I felt like a captain who just sailed through a hurricane, seeing clear skies for the first time, in a long time.Seldom have I felt such sweet relief at the weathering of an experience, and bitter sadness at all the lives marred on the way.Not everyone survives the war, and even the survivors can be irreparably scarred.  But surviving is its own triumph.  This is my take away.=====10/10.  Make catching rats fun again."
,Recommended,282070,12943858,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Gunblast,"This War of Mine..... is ♥♥♥♥ing unreal.Honestly, that's all that needs to be said."
76561198067652700,Recommended,282070,12978445,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,hickamkid,"Great game. Really difficult and makes you constantly question your morality. You may start to develop relationships with your survivors. When you  start to hate Bruno, you know you've made it past day 10."
,Recommended,282070,12989836,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ser Medieval,"I don't usually give reviews, but I felt a game like this was required. From start to finish this game has been both an emotional rollercoaster, and an amazing joy-ride that takes you to a place of serenity and chaos. This is what a real survival game is supposed to look like, and I can honestly say this was well worth the money."
76561198100385065,Recommended,282070,24939782,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Origami.LOST,My english vocabulary is not good enough to justify the touching story that this game puts you through.I'm truelly awestruck.
76561198141560704,Not Recommended,282070,21829471,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Brojisan,"Meh. I was really hoping for an immersive story here- but you really just get dropped into a resource management scenario without any context, and by that, I don't mean that I was looking for an explanation to anything that was going on in the war, etc. I'm a huge dark souls fan- ambiguity doesn't bother me. The gameplay itself just feels weak. I wanted this game to captivate me. I wanted to sit down and love this game so much that I didn't want to do anything else on my free time. I wanted to love the protagonists, and feel bereft by the loss of them. I wanted to be bullied by soliders, and made to feel weak. I wanted to see newcasts of incredible tragedies and happen across riots in the middle of the streets. I wanted to be marked a criminal for having to make hard decisions for my survival. I wanted to run for my life, and genuinely fear that my rickety house might fall in on top of me during a missile strike. I wanted to meet other civilians whose lives were torn apart by this war, and hear their stories, whether I could do anything to help them or not. I wanted to escape the city, or negotiate peace. But in spite of all that I hoped for, I was made to grind- to micromanage three characters than I felt no attachment to and sit quietly while they took several minutes to sift through piles of rubble, grab a couple resources, consume the ones my characters needed, rinse & repeat. I have Survival games in my library that work much better mechanically- so this didn't give me anything. It was boring me to tears for what little time I could stand to sit with it. And I tried to come back to this game, I read the reviews, I watched the videos again, hoping it could promise me that there was something more than what I was seeing, but there isn't. And I'm really bummed about that. I just can't pick this one up. It's too dull."
76561198013064054,Not Recommended,282070,32625256,Posted: 21 June,all,Chap Chappington,"Atmosphere and style of the game is great, however the game is generally awful when it comes to the actual gameplay.If you just stealth past all of the enemies while looting, the game plays fine, but when they discover you or you get into combat it just becomes a cluster♥♥♥♥ of annoyances. If you're caught looting and they initiate combat (raise fists) your character will instantly rush them with their weapon causing you to wrestle them out of the situation.Once i got caught by a homelessman looting his box of goodies and as you know homeless people swarm like bees when provoked so suddenly 5 other homeless people burst into the room. Annoyingly when they raised their fists my guy decided to give up escaping a bunch of invalids and instead run back into the death brawl with a crowbar and start splitting skulls.At this point its pretty impossible to tell what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening when you have half a dozen gray progerians attacking each other with the same exact animations (animations which end when interupted but still give damage) so my guy got out on ♥♥♥♥ all health after killing the entire shantytown, forcing him to be bed ridden for half a week and get my entire group into a state of depression.That's right, whenever you kill someone while looting (even in self defence) some characters will instantly neglect their own survival because of some mysterious sixth sense they have for comrade killings. (Even if their friend informs them, why would they? Some characters are complete psychopaths who dont care about killing others)It gets so much worse when you encounter people with guns.The game neglects to tell you that each character has different combat traits, some having the power to backstab while others dont, which leads to some real ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situations where you attempt to backstab someone, causing them to turn around pitting you in a button mashing grapple as you both trade slaps until his buddy runs in and shoots through him to kill you.Even when you get the drop on someone it never matters, even with full armour you still have less health than most of the enemies in this game, even thugs. So when you shoot a guy half a dozen times with the assault rifle, there is literally nothing stopping them from pulling out their own gun and shooting you, causing you to lose half of your health, getting stunned for half a minute, then watching your character slowly crawl to cover like they lost their spine in the firefight.Even cover in this game is useless since your character seems to slowly walk to it, go into it, then exit it to hide behind something invisible, so when the enemies sprint into the room they run past the cover and point blank execute you.For a game putting heavy emphasis on atmosphere, it kinda breaks when animations go from ""eh they tried"" to ""why are they squid people?"". Its ridiculous when characters are fighting for their lives and they enact the exact same animation four times in a row for stabbing someone infront of them and then freeze into position every time the animation ends so the enemy gets the chance to recover and then hit you with their own meele.You can even wipe out the entire map if you find a crack in the scenery to hide in, lure enemies with footsteps and then kill them as they walk past, then their friends will run over to the pile of their friends and get hooked by an arm 3 feet infront of them and then stabbed in the♥♥♥♥♥♥half a dozen times.tl;drGame puts massive effort into its realistic atmosphere, however the combat feels like a game of Worms."
,Not Recommended,282070,26261258,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Eromanga Senei,"It's fun dont get me wrong. It gave me feels the first time around, but for the price theyre charging it's not worth it for the replayability.I got tired of it after 12 Hrs and wish i had gotten something else.-Pass: I'm sure theres something else you can get for the same price point and more replayability."
76561198152547506,Recommended,282070,12970938,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,natarion,Shockingly brilliant...This isn't the war game we wanted. This IS the game we needed.
76561198053551529,Not Recommended,282070,17460653,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,GoobyTheCat,"It was certainitly an interesting game, but I don't reccomend it because I swear it's trying way too hard to be edgy and depressing. For example, you kill ANYONE and the entire ♥♥♥♥ing team get depressed and starts questioning life and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I started my second playthrough, and was sneaking through a church and found this guy bragging about killing the priest who shelterd the sick and homeless during the war. The man was taking all of the church's stuff after killing everyone there, and when he spotted me tried to shoot me. So I stabbed the little♥♥♥♥♥♥to death. I take what I need, and go home. Hell, I even sparred another group of people a house over who ended up chasing after me with an AK-47, and when I had the chance to stab one, I decided to let them go. Then I get home and character is ""depressed"" and won't stop moaning about how ashamed she was of what she did. Come on, that's ridiculous. To make things worse, the rest of the team becomes sad. I can understand people getting sad when you steal from the elderly, but I genuinly can't engage even the most bloodthirsty tyrants without everyone getting sad. Stop trying to make me feel bad for killing murderers, because I don't feel bad about it. Additionally, the difficulty is fun at first, but just gets stupid at some points. It gets to the point where your people are getting sick and injured for no reason. I keep a furnace with kindling in it 24/7 to keep my place warm, yet everyone gets sick because of the cold 2/3 of my team ended up terminally ill as well. I put people on gaurd every night, and build defnses, yet we get raided every night. A hard game is fine, but a cheating game is not. If I can't counter these problems, why put them in and pretend I can counter them? An interesting idea, but it needs some polishing before I can reccomend it."
,Recommended,282070,17634439,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,EcLiPsE_,this war of mine in a nutshell:-Raid a house-Find old people inside-Try to steal-Get caught-they scream for help-Shoot them both with a shotgun-Cry in a corner10/10 would kill old people again
76561197989289481,Recommended,282070,14801282,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Bennet the Excellent Frog,"I made one wrong choice and one of my crew died a lonely, brutal death. In that sense, it's incredibly realistic, I should imagine (without any experience of living in a war-torn country, I can only surmise this).Sad thing is, if I'd have chosen to run instead of (attempting to) batter two people to death with a shovel, I'd have escaped with the much-needed food and supplies, my game would look very different and my other survivors wouldn't be close to starving.I'm sorry Pavle - I let you down. To the rest...well, I tried.UPDATE: It only got worse from here on out. Roman died the next night in the same way as Pavle. Then, just as things were looking up and we started stockpiling vital supplies, Bruno betrayed the others and ran away with all the food, meds and bandages. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Marko left one night without a word. Arica did a Bruno and left with what little I had left. Finally, unable to cope with the betrayal and the terminal illness she had, Katia committed suicide.I'm left here feeling empty and also incredibly angry at Bruno, as that was the turning point, I believe.Next time I'll have to get hold of weapons earlier, secure my shelter and make some tradeable items. I got to day 32, near the end (I think), but it was all too much...*sobs*Long story short: compelling war game from the other side of the war, with quite an emotional punch."
,Recommended,282070,18499959,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,SnealthyLobster,Damn good game. Compelling and addictive.The game is at first a little challenging but after understanding all the mechanics it's quite easy and you can't get as much replayability to it. However the Devs are doing good work on improving that and the workshop mods so that they can affect the entire mechanics and game settings. I expect the game to have much new-found interest in it after this change and to be even more enjoyable.Damn good.
76561198006066386,Recommended,282070,12961268,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,rkuhnen,"This game deserves the Medal of Honor, for going going beyond and above the Call of Duty (on the steam Top Sellers).Just buy it. Now. Seriously. It's that good."
,Recommended,282070,12962384,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Iste,"Really good game. It fills the void that Gods Will Be Watching so horribly failed to fill. Most of the decisions in the game are intuitive and aren't answered by a yes or no. For example, there could be a situation where you have to choose between trading with a family in a house or sneaking in and robbing them. The characters are all very human, and react realistically to what you do.Despite being depressing, it's extremely addictive. I spent four hours in the game and the time just flew by. Replayability isn't an issue either, there are several different characters that you might get when you start a new game and loot is kind of random. The buildings are more or less the same each run, but the day that they are available changes, so you'll find yourself entering buildings in different orders and discovering different things."
76561198084371598,Recommended,282070,15241812,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Deenuk,GET THIS GAME NOW!!!!
,Recommended,282070,12985324,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Lt. Don Draper,"This War of Mine is a two dimensional (for character movement, but 3 dimensional objects) survival game about the civilians left behind in warzones. Personally, I found it to be heart-moving and a new experience.Gameplay: During the day, you can fix food, wounds, your home, craft things, weapons, etc. Your initial characters are randomized and they have different bonuses which will allow you to react to the different challenges and random events which appear on your in-game doorstep.At night you will send one to scavenge, and leave the rest to either sleep or guard, in case of raids.Crafting is not really like other games like Terraria or Don't Starve because resources are never really plentiful, and luck isn't a huge factor. Crafting is really about resource and time management (although days are long enough to be stress free, you can only do so much in one day). There are no special items (other than weapons) which cannot be acquired in multiple ways, but you need to choose between many important things to survive.For instance, if you have no food and injured people, you may want to build a guitar so that not everyone becomes depressed for when you kill innocents to take their things. It's depressing but planning is required.Notes:2D style reminds me of Deadlight.Pros:Nice resource management rather than typical crafting.Emotional statementEncourages donation to charitiesRandomization keeps things interestingCons:Gets repetitiveVery hard (though only a weak con, and learning curve helps)-Especially if you're in a rut"
76561198025093178,Recommended,282070,18555104,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ihKu47,"7 hours played on the first day, I'd say that indicates good bang for your buck. If the premise seems interesting, you will probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,282070,12959951,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Yankee Values,"The game came out today, I played eight hours in one sitting, its that addictive! I've robbed old people, killed soldiers, and loved every minute of it. This game is not for those who can't take emotions, because they're are a lot of them that you'll feel."
76561198113790650,Recommended,282070,23359212,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,HassuSeta,One of the best and most emotionally touching games i have played!
76561198118109326,Recommended,282070,23359295,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Echo's captain,Awesome!
,Recommended,282070,13537176,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,A Small African Child,It's a friggin' good game!  Kind of reminds me of how hungry I am when I'm not in my own little world...
,Recommended,282070,17990633,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Aro2220,"This is a nice game of resource management and taking chances. Although it is mostly skill that gets you through combative encounters, enough can go wrong with little mistake on your part to cause severe problems for you (such as a good character who is severely injured or killed).There's enough meat to this game for you to want to read about the other characters and try to figure out which ones make for the best teams.The save system is a bit brutal as it auto saves. So it's hard to run through the game correcting small mistakes with reloading. Instead, your small mistakes become game-long woes that you have to add to your list of problems you have to overcome.There's also some strategy in the way you trade resources. For example, there's a vendor that sometimes shows up at your house and he is excellent to buy bulky but inexpensive construction materials from so you can save your scavenging inventory space for better things.There is some variation in the levels you get and how they are initially set up. Some areas have guards placed in slightly different arrangements so that in one playthrough getting all the loot at some outpost is much easier than in another playthrough, but it is slight and not all zones have it (and typically they just have an either or setup and it isn't elabourate). It's a shame they didn't make more use of that mechanic.One big con I had was, SPOILER ALERT, no bad guys ever came to your door. You would think since you're in the middle of a war that the invading army might show up at your place and like extort food or something from you or you'd have to fight in your own home to defend it or whatever. Kind of a shame since it would be cool to have the ability to plan out and build your defenses.The game isn't very long and there's not a whole heck of a lot of replay to this game even though that seems odd considering it's a rogue like. But there's just a lot of boilerplate crap you need to get through in the beginning of a new game and things don't really heat up until quite a bit later...and then it's just one little mistake and you screw up your entire game and it autosaves and you throw your hands up and quit.That's actually a pretty bad thing about the game. I mean, the sound and artwork is great for its theme. I'm so happy that this isn't about zombies even though it literally perfectly fits for that theme. I would love to see more skills and mechanics put into the game  and more interesting levels with more complicated puzzles or plots or character interactions bartering etc.The somewhat variable time limit of the game is nice to keep things balanced, but it would be nice if I could just continue playing in a sandboxy mode or something. I don't know. I guess what I'm saying is I wish there was more...which usually means the game is worth a thumbs up, despite it's problems."
,Recommended,282070,16379208,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,iSudNop the Nerd,"heart touching , cruel of war , survival instinct .everything in this game is 'realistic' situation when war occur,not everybody is soldier."
76561198128442373,Recommended,282070,14855298,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,utx90,"You have not played anything quite like this ""war"" game, yet.  It's disturbing, enlightening, thought provoking, insightful, endearing, annoying, depressing, frustrating, addicting... and a worth while ""experience.""It's a new breed of war games.  This War of Mine puts a perfect twist on an already perfectly twisted gaming genre!"
,Recommended,282070,15184499,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Aimer,"Outstanding game! great gameplay mechanics, beautiful graphics, deep moral consequences, and immersive soundtracks! The Devs even provides DLCs which the profit will go 100% to war-child Charity.This game truly depicts how bad and destructive war can be."
76561198147518579,Recommended,282070,23618261,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Venezuelan Banana,"This War of Mine is a very enjoyable videogame if you're looking for a break from fast-paced games. You can make your own story to survive in or go with a randomly generated one. You can also choose your own survivors, make your own, or go with the characters the game chooses. The game is difficult, but in a fun way. And you get really attached to the characters you control, and when you lose one, it's almost heartbraking. To sum it up, recommended."
76561198079323347,Recommended,282070,12962759,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ManofDew,"I have only play for 1.2 hours and I literally LOVE this game. I am usually really harsh with games, and I never leave a review. But this game has everything I have been looking for in a survival game. At first I was worried that the style would bug me, nope, I adapted to it really quick and am LOVING IT!!! I would kill to see even more content released.10/10 - Buy it right now"
76561198047941455,Recommended,282070,12959934,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Doostan,"One of the greatest survival, real life aspect game I have ever played. I love this game so much, the moment I saw it on the store I knew I would get addicted and here I am playing non-stop. I love the concept, the mechanics. I have nothing to say negatively about this game others may but it's worth your while. And multiplayer would be a cool feature to the game."
,Recommended,282070,19926029,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cauxi,Its awesome m8!
76561198049780973,Recommended,282070,15812462,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Evocatus,"This War of Mine is one of the best artistic games ever created. It worths every penny you can spend with it, and every minute you will pass playing it."
76561198079476362,Recommended,282070,15269654,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Magnus,"Great game, It was worth every dollar19.99/20 Would spend again"
76561198090410492,Recommended,282070,13371553,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,bkkbk20,"this game is amazingly easy to figure out and is really beautiful, and fun to play!"
76561198049066289,Recommended,282070,14386323,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,LTPhury,"This War of Mine offers a unique and interesting experience to other survival games. It shows war from the point of view of a civillian and does a good job of it too. Everything in the game is based around the players decisions, depending on what you do depends on the outcome of the game, if you even make it to the end. The randomness of the scavenging system helps add depth to the game and although different, the combat system is fun for those that are willing to accept it as different.If you are looking for a survival game unlike DayZ or 7D2D that focuses on story, choices and management then look no further, This War of Mine is as good as it gets."
,Recommended,282070,16740556,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[NA.BF]Price,Why polish people keep making great game?Witcher series and this game I believe are two of the greatest culture output of Poland.
76561198030221778,Recommended,282070,12985007,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Spudato,"I absolutely love this game, i got it 2 days ago and i have only stopped playing it for school and homework and... well... this review. My only issue is that when i have scavenged all the stuff around me i am left with nothing but sick or injured people that just wont recover, my only choice is to attack a house filled with armed bandits which sucks because the guns are not on eshot kill from anywhere so i die all the dtime when i take one bulet with me. I think that knifes should be an instant kill from behind instead of just a half health damage because it makes them aware of my presence and then they kill me easily, although this type of game is perfect because its not so easy that if you can sneak p behind them then you win the game but its just easy enough so that you dont go mental when you play and you dnt overwhelm yourself with supplies. I love this game with a passion."
,Recommended,282070,13264707,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SpaceLaser,S A D B O Y S
76561197991647254,Recommended,282070,14231997,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Seb,"I would recommend for the original idea and the overall universe and feelings.+ Emotional+ Immersion+ Difficulty+ The first few hours are awesome+ Every run is supposedly different- It can be ""mastered"" and lose its charm instead of getting better- There are much better strategies than others- Too random (this is part of the charm but some might really hate it...)- Too easy to exploit (quit to menu -> load again and the day restarts and random events happen differently until it pleases you). Can also use alt+f4 and do the same trick in case of mistake. I know it's the player's choice to do that but it should be harder.- There are ""tricks"" to play better that I don't like (eg. feeding during the 2nd day of hungry allows to divide by half the needs of food compared to feeding at any other time).- Balance between characters a bit off (some are awesome and others are rather useless).In summary this is a game to enjoy for its scenario and immersion, not for its balance and enjoyment of getting better."
,Recommended,282070,13276813,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[LUE] Sckitzo,One of the few games that make me feel like a horrible human being for acting like a horrible human being (even when justified) recommending it for that alone. The rest of the game is just icing on suicide watch cake.
,Recommended,282070,13020662,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,sba.Stonez,1hr in.What... have... I... done......?Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥  Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥  Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥MARCO!!!!!
,Recommended,282070,29061386,Posted: 6 January,all,Burnt_Firealarm,day 21 everyone was happy and well fed. had a guitar some beds an arm chair  and reinforced all the holes and door. what could go wrong. two people died in two nights.left playing the game.10/10 would feel.
,Recommended,282070,20430829,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,shitty chan,gg
,Recommended,282070,26442794,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Reiya,"When there is a war, the one who suffer is the people. The civilians.Basically, this is a survival game where you play as a group of civilians with different skills and backgrounds, trying to survive this war by any means. Scavenging, capturing rats, or even robbing and killing others (There are consequences, tho).It hurts that this game is so realistic with a beautiful, mood-gripping art.The downside of the gameplay is that it was fun at first, but it start to get boring especially in the day time, where i have to invest my time and my full attention to play this game, since there is no fast forward or pause button. The difficulty is so high when you play for the first time, because there is no tutorial. (I died tragically by starvation and depression).I'm late to know this game. But believe me, this game is worth it and will never gets old."
76561198080727447,Recommended,282070,16519330,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Eathan,"11 bit studios 'This War of Mine' is a 2014 survival game.  Inspired by the 1992-96 Siege of Sarajevo during the Bosnia war, this game focuses on the civilian perspective of war, which differs to the normal military perspective.  The main goal of the game is to survive until the ceasefire, using the tools and materials the player can scavenge with the characters they are given.   Every action you decide to make will affect the survivors you are either given (if you play a developer-created story), or choose (if you play a custom story).  You are forced to make life-or-death deisions driven by your conscience constantly.  If you decide to kill, not only will your characters enter a time of depression, you (a general statement, those of you 'hardnuts' out there won't) will feel it too.Gripping, emotional, borderline addictive."
,Recommended,282070,16993962,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,RACIST,This is the best game ever for me!10/10
76561198006917462,Recommended,282070,17333648,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Renegade,A grim survival game that shows you what happens to civilians during times of war.
76561198084928434,Recommended,282070,17592139,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Rossi [HK],One of the best games I have played!!10/10
,Recommended,282070,13845439,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Time4DinDins,"You start off with a group of survivors, stuck in a dirt hole of a housebarely held together by wood and cloth.Gunfire and explosions can be heard close by, but that's the least of your worries.You have a handful of tools, some wood and some food that might last you for the day,and there seems to be no end in sight to the war.A major milestone, It's more of an experience rather than a game.This War of Mine drops every single money-making aspect of AAA games in the market and provides a totally new perspective in war. The graphics are dark and gritty without being boring, the music is sad and slow yet hopeful. The gameplay is slow and, on paper, is simple.. but the way everything is packaged, provides the most unique gaming experiences ever."
,Recommended,282070,14689720,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Azazel,"This game made me emotional, no, not because the war. Because Katia didn't have the good cooking skills, I still made her a kitchen slave, then slaughtered her to death. The usual."
,Recommended,282070,16621578,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Miiller,"Genious concept, but sometimes frustrating implementation.How would modern war look and feel like for normal people? That is the question this game is trying to answer for the players. And it does it in a quite immersive and unique fashion.Intense atmosphereThe War of Mine wants you to ""write"" the story for a group of citizens, which found shelter in a city at war. You are controlling their actions and are responsible for their survival. They need food, safety and warmth and how you get that is all up to you. You can give the characters their own personality by the way you play - friendly, passive, aggressive or something in between. Based on your actions, the characters will struggle with different type of issues - hunger, depression or sickness. The atmosphere you receive from all that is fantasticly emotional and feels like you are a witness of war.Huge amount of varietyNot only are there tons of ways you can play out the story for the characters, but there are also many different scenarios for each scene, which add a lot to the replay value of the game. Even if you get through the game entirely, there is nothing that stops you from starting all over and writing another story.Not flawless implementationWhile the gameplay, the atmosphere and the variety are great, sometimes this game can become frustrating because of it. Since you are expecting a realistic behavior at all times, you can get caught off guard by it because it is not the case for everything. For example in reality it should be easy to kill somebody with a knife after sneaking up to him from behind. But that is not the case in this game: They just lose a bit of health, turn around and shoot you. And then you lost a character, just because you expected the game to act realistic on that action. And there is no direct save-load-system to try out such mechanics.OverallI still highly recommend this game for pretty much anybody. It is surely worth the couple of bucks for the unique experience (even educational-wise) it offers."
,Recommended,282070,16678801,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Blaklyte,"If you like survival games look no further. Great atmosphere, really makes you feel like there is a war out there. You will start to feel for these people, and if you're like me, you will start making back story for these people. And the art style, just WOW!!!"
76561198093894944,Recommended,282070,12945212,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Bozo ♪,"I had to beat a old man to death before he shot me, later my guy killed himself from the deppression of what he had done.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13783619,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sylliana,"I'm not going into detail about the gameplay, but i think the feeling you get by playing this game is worth mentioning.  I am an emotional person so maybe i get more easily touched by this game than other people, but looking at other reviews i know i am not alone. :pThe feeling:The music, graphics and overall atmosphere of the game gives you the grim feeling of war.Combine this with the decisions you have to make and bad things you have to do. Even the bad things that happen to you. All this together makes this game so good. I get frustrated when i have no place to go for stuff because of fighting or weather conditions.This game makes you think of the stories you see on the news of that faraway war that everybody talks about, but nobody really knows how those people feel. You still don't really know, but you can imagine it.Bottomline: I don't like watching the news anymore..."
76561198067999678,Recommended,282070,13725290,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Filthy Frank,Definatly one of the best games I've ever played. Every choice matters and everything you do has an impact on you and your characters so don't ♥♥♥♥ it all up by being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!10/10 best game.
76561198029704499,Recommended,282070,14411295,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,tora75,"Purchased this after the 1.2 update. Great little game. Despite using the traditional 2D platform configuration as its base (I've really haven't enjoyed these types of games since I was a kid; when that was the only thing on offer). What attacted me to this game was the genre, base building, character management and art style-ALL FANTASTIC. But what I didn't expect was depth and its addictiveness.I would suggest trying a couple of runs before turning to the internet for tips. There are some really cool surprises and mechanics that are fun to learn without doing this. BUT, even if you've looked for tips and hints, there seems to be some behind the scenes mechanics at play to keep the game balanced even if you get off to a strong start (but not in unfair ways). This game will constantly throw curve balls at you; forcing you to take risks and make tough choices. Just when I thought I figured out how to get ahead via collecting resources, managing my survivors, and prioritizing what to build in my shelter...areas on the game map all of a sudden became unavailable because of rebel conflicts...slowing my progress to a halt and causing me to shift strategies. While in transition, I was forced to take some risks...and paid for it by losing a survivor. So, here I am on run 13...hoping to make it through this thing with no casualties (note: you don't have to restart because you lost one survivor. I may have even had another one show up at my shelter, but I like the challenge of trying to get out with everyone alive).The more you play, the more you'll see how the game adapts to your strategy...always making it just difficult enough to stay challenging but not impossible to beat. In the end, you'll get a great gaming experience. Also, for you much better at this type of game than I am...the more you play, the more characters and scenarios open up for you to choose at the start of a new game. Each character has their strengths and weaknesses and the starting group dynamics are all different...along with number of characters in your starting group (from 1 to 4) and time of season (from summer to the dead of winter).  You can certainly get this when the price comes down, but for me, this was $20.00 well spent for such a supremely designed game."
,Recommended,282070,14858119,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,[BSB] T9FURY,"This game is awsome, I was reluctant to buy it, but once downloaded I find it addictive. The game has a very sombre mood to it, but you can't help but feel for the survivors, especially if they all start getting depressed. It does have a humorous side to it as well, like when you take a shovel to a gun fight, that can be quite funny. It is abit point and click, but it has lots of content and loads of different stories (characters) to follow.The main aim is to keep your survivors alive and your shelter in good condition, you do this by exploring various locations that may or may not have people in them to trade with or fight with.While in your shelter, although in real time a day last 6 or 7 mins, you have a lot to do, and the night cycle lasts abit longer due to the fact that you may be sneaking about so more time is needed.Excellent game, well worth the money.You can also read a full review including a video here;http://www.bsbnetwork.com/forum/m/1291049/viewthread/20275742-this-war-mine-game-review-videoYou can also follow The BSB Network as curators to see what the flavour of teh day is."
76561197970633548,Recommended,282070,13213784,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,hwBreakTime,"This game is very good.  It even has a better apocolypse suvival feel to it than most zombie games.  The first several playthroughs as you learn the game are fantastic and everything feels like a hopeless struggle as you try and balance your ability to feed yourself, develop your home, fend off looters, and fight off depression.  Even as you have a good idea of what to do, you have to be very careful because one small mistake can be very costly, even fatal.I give it a 9/10, with my only complaints being that you have a good understanding of game mechanics, most of the game becomes tedium.  Starting out is still the wonderful struggle, but once you stabalize (which can happen as early as day 5 if you are lucky and know what to do), your survival is pretty much assured and the game loses a lot of what makes it so good."
,Recommended,282070,12980835,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,vRay,"Rare are the games that involves you on this level of emotions. Most of the survival of the type were disconnected on the human aspect, this one on the other hand isn't.Kudos to the team that made this game, it's a beauty."
76561198107062476,Recommended,282070,13353016,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,KILLERFNG99991,"My God ,this has to be the best game of the yearif it isnt i will rekt you all."
,Recommended,282070,18385842,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Genpark,"This game is surprisingly the most emotional game I have ever played.. although you won't hear any dialogue from your characters, whereas all you have is a short biography that expands over time based on the decisions that you make in order to survive, you surprisingly become very attached to each survivor. You just KNOW that each life is valuable and sacred, and you would do anything to keep surviving in this difficult time.The game will give you a huge amount of freedom of choice. Do you want to stay civilized and ethical when it comes to trading? Will you respect the territory of other survivors and come in peace, asking to barter for goods? Or will you sneak in at night, killing everyone and looting the place for medication and supplies?Each survivor reacts differently and there are certain choices that they aren't willing to follow through with. For example, there is one survivor who is an ex soldier and ran away after the conflict of war became too much for him, I traded an axe for some meds because the NPC's dad was very sick... and then I killed both of them with the same axe took all the meds, food and a gun. As a player, I felt horrible. But I needed those supplies. I needed my group to survive. But here's the thing. The next morning, almost all of my survivors wouldn't move. They refused to do the chores like check the water filter, cook food, harvest the garden and board up the windows. Just, no one wanted to do anything because they all felt devastated about what transpired the other night.And that ex soldier of mine? Had ""Broken"" as a status ailment.I cried that night..."
,Recommended,282070,17058016,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Otto der Große,Day 12 : I found 21 bullets and craft a pistolDay 13 : I used all of the bullets to chase off the bandits and after that Roman woundedDay 14 : The bandits robbed us and stole our food and waterDay 15 : I found 17 bullet and some foodsDay 16 : I used all the bullet to chase off the bandits againDay 17 : The bandits robbed us and stole our foods and waters againDay 18 : I lost Roman and the survivors felt depressedDay 19 : I killed the bandits and looted their bodyDay 20 : Anton leave us and robbed usDay 21 : *Rage quit*Best game ever -11/10- and should play this game again
,Recommended,282070,13304980,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,El Hijo del Joe,"Started the war with three beds for each of my survivors.By the timethe war ended, only one saw use anymore.War is hell."
76561198060850896,Recommended,282070,13222153,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,J2G,"This game is a great take on the war time survival genre. The art style is amazing and well done, along with the characters personalities. You start to really care about these people as you play through the game, and it hits you that much harder when tragedy strikes (and it will).Spend the day carfully allocating resources, crafting items like weapons or food, fixing or maintaining your home, and keeping health and moral up.Spend the night scavenging the chosen areas, bartering with other survivors, sneaking though hostile camps stealing their goods, or searching abondoned sites for valuable items.This War of Mine is an all around great game with high replay value. I highly suggest it if you're into survival style games."
,Recommended,282070,13703382,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tiryth,"I was eager to buy the game until I read some of the negative reviews, but do not be discouraged! This game is perfect, especially those who love to feel.I started my game with 3 survivors, Marko, Bruno, and Pavle.Marko was the scavenger of the group. That's where he was best. He did start out a bit sick though.Bruno was the cook of the group. He made amazing meals for us - when we actually had the food for it. Before the war, he was a professional chef with his own TV show. He started perfectly healthy.Pavle was a professional football player. He was quick, but didn't have much else to offer. Still, he was a nice guy with concern for the group, and he pulled his weight, switching guard shifts every other night with Bruno. He started out slightly woundedMarko and Bruno were buddies before the war, and we found Pavle on the streets. Together through these tough times they became great friends.But let me tell you about my first week of the game.We started out nearly empty handed. I made one chair (in addition to our current one) and a heater. I made Marko scavenge this abandoned house for the first, say, three days? We found some neat supplies but not much food. We ran out quickly. The second day I built a bed so Marko could sleep during the day and Bruno/Pavle could have somewhere nice to sleep.Starvation crept on my survivors, as well as sleep deprivation. We got raided on our second night, and bruno defended the house with his bare hands. Sadly, though he was slightly wounded in battle.The fourth night I made my way to the ruined villa. Two people lived here, I had known them from my previous game. Emil and his wife. After searching their house for food, I was peeking through the door where his wife was. She started walking toward me, and I thought:""I have to kill her, I have to.""So she opened the door and screamed ""Emil! Someone is here!"". I took a big slash at her with my knife and took half of her health. Suddenly, she climbed a table and jumped up to the next floor while Emil, armed with a knife, jumped down to attack me. I took a swing and took a third of his health.""This is easy"" I thought.It wasn't.He lashed at me and took a third of my health. I retaliated and did the same. ""I can't lose more health, I don't have the bandages for it!"" He took another slash at me and brought me down to a third of my health. ""One more should do it."" But I was too slow. He took the final blow and killed Marko. Quickly realizing what happened, I panicked and Alt+F4-ed the ♥♥♥♥ out of there.Try again.I go back again, but this time I didn't have my knife. I didn't make off with much on the fourth night, I only got a few supplies from searching the rubble outside their house and in their basement. She found me again and I sprinted to the exit. Didn't want a repeat of the previous game, except worse.By the fifth night everyone was tired or hungry. Supplies were low. I managed to trade some of our electronic parts for food. Some woman came back and said she wanted Bruno's help with boarding up her house. I sent Bruno to her house (He didn't get any sleep or food, but I felt good about helping). I went back to the villa and that's when I scavenged plenty of supplies. While I was in the basement the girl came downstairs and I had to kill her. It was over quickly and she didn't fight back. I didn't have any lockpicks so I couldn't open their cabinets, but I stole some supplies from their drawers and all of their meds. For some reason the fridge did not want to open.Sixth day, tired, hungry, etc. Bruno was very tired and hungry. I allowed him to sleep, and him and Pavle to eat the last of our rations. I traded, worked, and then set off.The sixth night I raided. I found out that the girl was not Emil's wife. His wife had already died, and he was a wreck. She was a mere stranger whom he found on the streets of the torn war, wounded and all. He helped her back to health, and that helped him get over the loss of his wife.Emil was torned by sadness, and thats when the feels hit. It was all my fault. I did this. I killed his only friend and took his only supplies. I raided his fridge finally and took the biggest surplus of food ever. I took so many things from him that night.The seventh day was beauty. Marko went straight to sleep, only very hungry, sad, and very tired. His sickness had left thanks to Emil's meds. Bruno cooked us four nice meals to eat, and then traded to get even more supplies. Pavle did some work for us as well. Everyone was no longer hungry, Marko was only tired and sad, and Bruno only had slight wounds. Pavle was up to full health.As for the game itself:Pros:- Controls aren't that hard to figure out- Rich stories for role-players. Lots of feels.- Simulation strategy- Sandbox like, new story every time (from what I hear)- Very fun.Cons:- No tutorial- I feel like it should have more gameplay features, but it's fine.- Difficult.9/10"
,Recommended,282070,14171884,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Salty Giants Fan,Bosnian War Simulator 2014. Removes Kebab/10- Putin
,Recommended,282070,14816649,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Saul Silver,Best Side Scrolling Game I have ever Seen and played.10/10 would sidescroll again
,Recommended,282070,19374159,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Raiiyden,"I've honestly never been a huge survival/build your way from the bottom type of game. I downloaded this game on a whim, and haven't regretted a second of it. It breaks the mould of your average survival game, with it's moral decisions (or immoral, you choose,) the detailed art, and the characters' specialties."
,Recommended,282070,16425875,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Roopoo,"Simple presentation, yet a  beautifully crafted point & click strategy.I was surprised to find myself verbally encouraging my survivors during their darkest moments, and feeling a little teary to the emotionally striking soundtrack.It makes you wonder how you yourself would cope, and what lengths you would go to for survival. War can bring out the best, or the worst, in a person.This game captures what REALLY happens in war..What the government doesnt want you to see. An amazing but sobering game."
76561198120982723,Recommended,282070,17159878,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Ninjake846,"This is the saddest game I have played that doesn't have a storyline. Brilliant game, however it leaves you a bit depressed afterwards."
,Recommended,282070,21662816,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,cra21k,"A game that makes you feel the weight of each tough choice you make. Brilliantly paced and addictive, not an easy game like most games these days. Will question your conscience. If this is how wars are there should never ever be wars. Make love not war. Highly recommended. You won't regret making the purchase."
,Recommended,282070,18387333,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,HHDk,"The game that you actually feel cold, hunger and compassion. And developer's charity campaign shows they're not trying to use 'war' like media does, but they take attention to it."
76561198011754760,Recommended,282070,12979914,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,kpt. Wodzionka,"I must say, this game is awesome.It is a bit similiar to Don't Starve, but much much darker.The main idea is that you need several resources. You can obtain them by scavening, stealing, bartering or even armed robbery. And often you come to harsh moral dillemas; these people have the medicine my people need. They won't trade. Will I rob them of it?The resources are either materials you can use to craft new stuff / reinforce your shelter, or consumables (food, clean water, ammo, cgiarettes etc)You never find enough to do everything so you often have to choose. Will I reinforce the shelter so that it's harder to rob us? Or will I use the resources to build an additional bed, so that 2 people can sleep in the same time? Or maybe I should build an additional alcohol still and make more moonshine for trade?The depressing, grayosh graphics work very good and help create a great sad, blank, holepeless mood - just what you need to get a glimpse of how ♥♥♥♥ed up war is (in the same time the gameplay is engaging enough to sort of ballance the depressive mood). It is not as dark and touching as Papers, Please or Walking Dead, but it is still an awesome game.I kinda miss 2 things in the game:- More story mode would be great. If you could have 1 main hero who also idk looks for someone who might be somewhere among the survivors or tries to escape or whatever else I suppose it would allow for more immersion;- Character development would be nice ( I mean if my dude build several structures he would become proficient in post apocalyptic construction work. In the same time the dude that spend most his time sneaking and looking for resources to scavenge would become much better at that, no?)Altogether it's an awesome game. If you like crafting/survival games or/and 'deeper' games (like mentioned Papers, Please or Walking Dead) you will probably enjoy the hell out of this game :)I'd give it 8-9 / 10"
,Recommended,282070,13070815,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,☣|§pétžnæž™|☣,"This game is no Call Of Duty die then respawn to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥game. This puts you in the life of some simple people with special skills trying to get by during a civil war. This game currently goes on my top 10 favorite games of all time and may it stay that way for many years. You truly see the toll of war not in the soldiers, but the people who have nothing to do with it caught with little chance of survival and many weeks, months, even years of torture. I give the game a 5/5 10/10 and 95/100."
,Recommended,282070,15351025,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Tea Eye Weiner Fangay,this game's give us new perspective about war... not from military point of view but on how hard civilian managing to keep survive while war's raging in their homeland... pretty addictive game
76561198258944133,Recommended,282070,20476903,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Carl Johnson,Yesterday you said tomorrow so just play it!
76561198119770035,Recommended,282070,14766145,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Naza Lutsu,"I went out one night to scavenge. I brought a knife and a gun with me if i ran into any trouble. I began scavenging only to notice that i wasn't alone. I tried to sneak away but i got caught after he opened a door. In my panic i pulled out my gun and shot him. Little did i realize that he wasn't the only one. Moments later his wife runs in and breaks down. After i'd gone back home i felt terrible for what i had done. I got medicine and food and made it back alive. Thats all that matters, right? But to me, the survival of my group still doesn't justify murder. 10/10 great game. Amazing gameplay and graphics."
,Recommended,282070,17384834,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Slade Wilson,I started playing this game and imediately wished it was like real life that way I wouldn't feel guilty when I murder my neighbors to take their food and other supplies. Whatever country this is based in these people must have the best neighbors in the world to feel so bad for stealing their raw meat and vegetables.Either way. I beat a bunch of people to death with a shovel. Maybe I should reconsider doing that next time before all my people get depressed and leave me. Oh well.A fine game with a great mood.
,Recommended,282070,15194537,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Major Ocelot,"You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villian. these words could not be more applicable for this game, it is a fantasic experience and you'll begin to question your own actions as you progress, you'd be amazed at what you end up doing just for that one morsel or bottle of pills just to survive one more miserable, pointless day.Fantastic experience, the moral and emotional side is like i have never seen before, utterly brilliant, i picked this game up as it was on sale on a whim, Best perchase i've made for a long, long time."
,Recommended,282070,25446395,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Alex_,"This War of Mine shows the horrors of war in a way, that we rarely can experience in a game....11bit Studios is blazing me a new thematic trail amidst the currently popular survival genre, and so far the studio seems to have something special on its hand.Points:10/10I like this game so much and also buy all the DLC for the game....good job 11 Bit StudiosHope the game will more DLC or updates....i will still buy if got more DLC.."
76561198127323444,Recommended,282070,24190862,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tiny ☂ Bird,"1. bought the game.2. started write my own story.3. doing pretty good.4. helped a hospital by donating some meds [bandages, medicence and herbs] and food.5. helped 2 girls who is having trouble by some thugs pepole.6. got myself millitary vest and a assault rifle.7. gone to scavange a dangerous area with lots of food and realised there were 2 snipers at the roof.8. my heart gone crazy when i gone closer and closer.9. killed all of the snipers and got myself nice guns.10. came back to my shelter.11. took a break to stop my heart being crazy.12. making a review to calm myself.the game is really good and recommended for those who want to start a stress test."
,Recommended,282070,24274707,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Yuuto-Kun(HUN),"This War of Mine is hard, depressing, and unforgiving just like war itself.I'm going to be honest, i dont enjoy playing this War of mine, but im gonna recommend it anyway because everyone should experience, trough this game, that war is not fun at all."
,Recommended,282070,13145035,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Bled,"First off I will say I am primarily a First Person Shooter player, but I have really enjoyed This War of MIne.  This game really tugs on the heart strings and every choice you make plays on the characters morale and mindset.  Do I help the old couple with meds or raid their things so I can survive?  Do I help the girl in the supermarket and risk being injured or dying myself?  These are a few of the challenges you will run into as you try to survive the war.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282070,29743294,Posted: 6 February,all,SOG,Got shot by fish. gg
,Recommended,282070,12960616,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,«Beany»,"This game is fantastic! At first when I when heard about this game i thought it was either going to be an open world first or third person character game in an open world like how it is right now. But when I seen pictures for the game a few months back I was quite upset and disappointed on what the game looked like and how it was all layed out and wondering to myself to buy the game or not.So even though not liking the way it looked like or how it seemed i stil took the chance and bought the game after looking it on steam a day later after release and being very happy with my purchase. I love how it plays, love the characters, gameplay and how a war would go on and the risks you would take.Even though i've only played 8 hours or so of the game, still feel as though that is enough time to give a review and would highly tell you to purchase <3 Great job!"
,Recommended,282070,13804698,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ante,"First gameplay:Day 21:Borris: died while searching for supplies in a little hotel, couldn't absorb shotgun shells.Day 22:Katia: as Borris had the bandages and medicine when he died, we couldn't stop her bleedings, she died because of that.Day 27:Pavle: while Bruno was away, seeking for food at night, Pavle decided to get away and died from a gunshot in the back.Day 40:Bruno: even thought he wasn't ill or hurt, even tought he was fed and had a lot of supplies, he decided to kill himself because he was too sad.Review TLDR:Let's be honest here, this game is one of the best game I've ever played. It clearly deserves a perfect and non-ironic 10/10.Final reviewIntroduction:I bought this game almost a year ago (2nd January 2015), and I first played it back then and, because I failed my first playthrough, forgot about the game for a while after making a first review which was this summary of my first experience with it. I decided that for this winter holiday 2015 that I'd give it a second shot, and I managed to survive ! With my brand new eyes, I decided to make a full review of this awesome game that isThis War of Mine.Storyline:You are a group of survivors during a fictionnal civil war that tries to survive and get through it. During the day, you are in your shelter, and you can build a lot of useful stuff like beds, furnace, radio, weapons etc. There are some random events where for example a trader will com to your place and you can trade your items for some other supplies. During the night, you visit (not so) deserted places to try and find some more supplies, such as material, woods, weapon parts, food, medicine etc. In this time, your shelter can get attacked, so you'd better keep someone away in your home, if you don't want to get robbed or killed in your own home (note that you don't control anything, it's done automatically).Strenght of the game:This game has a lot of strong aspect that I'm going to discuss here.1.The graphics are really appealing to me. I loved the pencil-like texture applied to the whole game. It's dark, but it puts you in this civil war athmosphere.2.Another aspect of the game design that I liked a lot is the characters you control, because they really feel like civilians, and you can relate and connect to them. It's done through their bio and their reactions, that feel really human and plausible.3.While I'm at the reactions of you characters, this is what make the game really sad and heartbreaking. Your characters will regret killing and robbing people, as much as they'll regret when one of them dies or is sick. You feel the need to help and protect them, and this type of reaction is something that really breaks your heart.4.In addition to the character's reactions, the music is another aspect that is well done. It's melancholic, it's accoustic, it's perfect for this game.5.Let's talk about the gameplay. It's a point and click game, you play it entirely with your mouse. You have a lot of actions to chose from for every situation, the mechanics are well-crafted and pretty strong for this game.6.Other things such as the radio programms or the places you can go at night add to the immersion, as they are realistic for a civil war.7.My final positive point for this game is the DLCs and the game in itself: every benefits made from this game go to charity for War Child, an association that helps kids around the world where they face war on a daily basis, providing food, supplies, schools and much more to them. Just for that aspect, I even bought it in a shop where I found a physical version of the game. I may have paid twice this game and chosen to pay the DLC 20 bucks, but I regret nothing, as I know it's for a good cause. I think more charity groups should do games like this: they are great games and a great way to donate to charity, a way where everyone wins something.Weakness of the game:The question here would be ""has this game any weakness at all?"" because it's a strong game in every aspect you could imagine. Well the only negative point I would make is the fact it's not that kind of game you can play anytime you want just for fun. It's not a funny game, but is the subject a fun one? No not really, so it's understandable that it may be a depressing game. That's why I don't play it often, because it's sad and tragic.Conclusion:All in all, this game deserves to be purchased a hundred times. It's a well-crafted survival point and click game with a really deep and sad athmosphere where you can relate to your characters. It's sad, it's well-done, and it's for charity, so I don't see any reasons of why you shouldn't buy this game.VerdictIn a whole, the game is almost perfect, it may have this flaw where you don't play it often, but otherwise it's one of the best game I've ever played. It's an intriguing and tragic experience that everyone should try at least once in their lives.For me, it's a strong and non-ironic 10 out of 10."
76561198038992369,Recommended,282070,13373642,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Gauss,"First of all do not play this game if you already are a depressive person. It won't make you feel any better.This is a game that will make you suffer for you every decision being it 'good' or 'bad'. There are no medals, there is no honor, only civilians crying for help. You must scavenge for surviving but eventually you'll be forced to go into dangerous territory and maybe you'll have to choose to kill or die... just remember: you are not a born killer. You will get depressed and even be a completely broken person that just can't do anything else. Your mind just crack out of depression and leading you to maybe even worse...This is a point an click game where you'll have to survive in any possible way for an unkown time. You never know when the war will end and it will feel like forever. The combat is really simple wich does not means by anyway that you will succeed on your engagements, on the contrary. You might have to steal, maybe even threaten innocent people or watch hopelessly while a soldier forces a mother to do him a ""service"". Being a nice guy all the time will have it's consequences, so you'll have to really ponder if you really can afford being nice.This is a game that will make you comprehend what a war really is like, although only real survivors will ever understand the true horror."
,Recommended,282070,13272089,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Brad,An easy to grasp strategy/survival game. You'll have to manage your resources and make tough decisions in order for your group to survive
,Recommended,282070,13799661,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Nomado-Coyote,"A true group survival simulator.No zombies, no T-viruses, no nonsense. It's worse. It's real.It's such a realistic survival experience, that you feel for your characters. You live as them and you help one another for real, in spite of self.It's like sims just much more brutal and emotional. A sim burnt by a stove? pfft. I did that on sunny sundays. ""This War of Mine"" is your harshest weekdays compared to that.Decisions decisions. You can play it heartlessly and egoistically when your pals are dying and your neighbours are too, but I dare you to delve into this atmospheric and grim game and not feel sympathetic.This is the war of yours. War of theirs.And watch out.The winter is coming...Upd.It only has become better with the addition of Anniversary edition mode and The Little Ones DLC.In a sum they add new locations (which are very welcome), new characters, new game mechanics, new NPCs, new setups.But what isREALLY newisKIDS.You got kids characters now in your party, sometimes paired with an adult, and it's a real party member, andit's a KID in a WAR...So you should care about them and you can also teach them to do and make things and they don't take separate beds. And of course they are not as useful as an adult in a party of 4 and they can't go on a scavenge run or defend shelter, in fact it's kind of a complication, as is often with kids in real life, to be honest, if to be seen purely practical.But we all know this game is about emotions, about realism and about decisions. So this again is a decision and it's only making this gamea bit harder sometimes but also more interesting."
,Recommended,282070,19368658,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,primuslune,"One day, I stole the last medicine from the hospital to help my sick friend.Everyone, myself included, became sad.Another day, I had to raid the old couple's house.The old man begged me to not hurt his wife who is sick and they hide in bathroom.10/10 would feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,282070,13594622,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nareavis,"I killed a bunch of homeless dudes with a shovel.9/10 one of them managed to run away, it was ok"
76561198040213319,Recommended,282070,13595244,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sir Kara the ''EjDeR'',"Let me explain how this war.. ehm this game ruined my life.So the story starts with me buying this game. I was unsure first because when ı watch some gameplays and read about 5 or 6 reviews  the game seemed repetitive to me, you know looting the same locations over and over etc. But than the nature of this game lured me in. This is another survival game yes but it is different.First of all you are not facing stupid zombies or some kind of mutant animals, monsters and so on instead you are facing war itself and you are just an ordinary civilian trying to survive, not a lean, mean killing machine. On the other hand the game(war) will force you to make some hard decisions which takes your ""innocence"" away. For example you'll ran out of food most of the time, at first you'll scavenge empty and safe places but those places will not produce food and you will ran out of food again. So you'll try to produce your own food, you'll build traps to catch some rats if you are lucky, you'll build small gardens to grow some vagetables but those will not be enough because you will be defending your shelter from unfriendly neighbors in the meantime. Eventually you will choose the ""easy"" way. You'll start stealing, forcing people to give you what you want or killing them when they are not willing to give. You will change, a lot. WAR WILL CHANGE YOU!!!Atleast it changed me. I mean i did something ı didn't before. I made some charts to keep track of food, meds, materials etc. I labeled them by locations, ı did it carefully. It is important because ı didn't even make one for my thesis :DTo cut to the chase; I can't get enough of this game and ı strongly recommend it. Buy it. Buy now or else...(maybe ı can pay a visit to your shelter and steal some food and moonshine)p.s. : İf you resist ı even take that precious broken guitar of yours."
76561198045432621,Recommended,282070,29010893,Posted: 4 January,all,Kiba,This game.. Goddamn this game made me hate my choices. made me rethink life. This game got me even more depressed than i already was. place yourself in the shoes of those you play as and damn. you'd lose yourself in pain.10/10 would hate my life again.
76561198124736487,Recommended,282070,27195412,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jelly_Y,"""IN MODERN WAR... YOU WILL DIE LIKE A DOG FOR NO GOOD REASON""__ERNEST HEMINGWAY"
,Recommended,282070,32670534,Posted: 23 June,all,BurnItDown,"""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye""10/10"
,Recommended,282070,19321185,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Nicklovn,"This game is so depressing.... It's exceptional but incredibly sad.Everyone has their Day 1-5 stories and I won't do mine by day but rather as a series of how my life went:-Started off fine. Went out, collected materials including some food (enough to feed the three of us).-Looters kept breaking in and I didn't know how to reinforce the perimeter. Food became scarce.-I started taking bigger and bigger risks.-It all went down hill when I encountered a priest. He was searching for ammunition when I entered and it spooked me so I stabbed him. I think I made a mistake...so did the character.-Suddenly depression starts spreading in my base (by now we had a fourth member).-The tipping point was in our biggest hunger. I knew we needed to turn the tide so I went where I knew there was a lot of food. I knew I'd be stealing but better us than them right?-Well in the effort I killed one guy, scared the rest, took their food. The last thing he said to me was ""please, you can't do this to us! I'm begging you!"" I ran.-Depression was so strong that one of my members left.-Eventually only three remained, one too depressed to do anything.-I sent my most capable man out and he ended up getting wounded and the wound was later infected.-The depressed guy went out on his own to find his family and was killed by bandits.-The wounded guy died from his infections (unable to get to the hospital).-And the last guy was so depressed that I had him walk to Sniper Alley and die so he could finally ""find peace"" as he called it.Basically, it's pretty damned sad.Extra Note:I've never survived past 19 days. It's incredibly difficult but apparently people have made it to the end. I can't manage. Typically my biggest trouble is getting enough water to cook my meals. And my survivors get so sluggish and depressed when forced to do something. Then the comforting process is so long. They really need to support each other emotionally but it takes too much time out of the day."
,Recommended,282070,26873214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sandwarlock,"This game is really depresing, and then it gets worse."
,Recommended,282070,32649974,Posted: 22 June,all,Curandas,"artärt/nounnoun: art; plural noun: arts; plural noun: the artsthe expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power.Example: ""This War of Mine"""
,Recommended,282070,32694522,Posted: 23 June,all,Arafel,"This game made me do horrible things just to stay alive, but in the end we didn't make it. What was it all for?"
,Recommended,282070,29236330,Posted: 13 January,all,MrHomless™,This game is pain.
,Recommended,282070,32662578,Posted: 22 June,all,Pochusaurus,Bought game to help charity for refugees. Hopefully someone from Syria gets my help.
76561198008801329,Recommended,282070,32637580,Posted: 22 June,all,The White Rat,"Amazing game! knowing what I know now I would have happily spent full price on this game, grab yourself a bargin and get hooked like i am right now!"
76561198272881127,Recommended,282070,32639087,Posted: 22 June,all,unicórnia fluorescente,"Completely heartbroken.The most of the choices in the game are just too hard to make, because it's between you or the others. We can choose between steal or kill the other survivors and let your people live (for at least two days, before they get depressed and commit suicide) or let them stay with their things and complete the game just by trading and stealing from bandits, or just finding things lying on the floor. And good luck if you pretend to play by this last method.It's pretty difficult and sad. This game represents exactly what the war truly is.I wanted to buy this game for a long time and I regret not having bought it earlier.I super recommend this game! :)"
76561198102286197,Recommended,282070,17344948,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,British Bastard of Bastogne,"This game is the kind of war game we need in today's world. War games today are just run and gun shoot 'em ups, or ""realistic"" tactical games. thats not real war, real war is hell. Real war is men murdering one another over the idiologies of others. Real war is men and woman simply trying to avoid the one killing for idiotic governments. Real war effects all, not just those people you see in your video games. This game shows what war is at its core. The message this game has is what war is and what it really brings. Not fun but hell. Hell is war and war is Hell. To quote this game ""In war not everyone is a soldier"""
,Recommended,282070,32861788,Posted: 27 June,all,Protos Angelus,"Killed 2 guys while scavanging. Not only did my characters feel bad, I felt bad.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,32901455,Posted: 27 June,all,Pinecone Gang,80% off? Buy it.Full price? Buy it.
76561198117314940,Recommended,282070,25431094,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,rufusingram,"I think this is a great game for thinking about how real civilians in real warfare would attempt to survive, and the choices they could very likely encounter in the process of surviving. It is very engaging while not making war fun, which it is decidely not, certainly for civilians stuck in the middle. I commend the designers for attempting to take on this topic at all and being faithful to a realistic interpretation of war. The first time I needed food to keep my people alive and had nothing to trade I killed a priest and almost threw up. I also didn't survive...Never had that kind of experience in a videogame before. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,282070,23841341,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Angle.,Addicting depression simulator10/10
,Recommended,282070,13074836,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Coffee&Owls,"This game is utterly amazing. It combines an old gameplay style with modern graphics, a basic yet great resource system, and compelling characters who each can benefit in their own way. Sometimes I find it difficult to pry myself away from it. Each minute is a pressuring moment- wether it be sneaking within a military outpost to steal supplies or risk a few of my canned food for a complete stranger attempting to survive just like us. However, I would find it incredibly intriguing to include a child or two which can join your band of survivors. I know this may be alot to ask for, considering all the people who would probably get all 'Mothery' about it, but I would think most of my plathroughs would have made it farther with a child. For instance, children are extremely small and can be more productive then adults and may heighten morale due to their 'bubbley' personality. Not all children are like that, but still. Perhaps the child could beg for food? It could open up so many more doors if children were included."
,Recommended,282070,13642924,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,War Cat General [WCA],Love The Game its very sad and realistic it may have a 96% positive reveiw but thats an understatement in my books it fits atleast a 99% one of my favorite things is how interactive the worls is and how attached you grow to your charectors I was crying when Bruno was killed by a bullet to the head then pavle runs to save him then he gets killes then Katia runs and hides as they steal everything i cried and cried it was sad and brutal such an emotional game get it worth everycent but i wish they would give more insturctions on how you star off but after a few tries you get the hang of it ive done only two playthroughs and let me tell you it was worth every second the sounds are supperp so is the artstyle very gritty but calming when your in peace. Buy it especially if its on sale or not id probebly wait tell the Holiday sale lowers iut hopefuly a bit more if your ok with waiting but even if you pay the full asking price its worth it.Pros-Interactive Inviroment-Randomised playthroughs-Attaching charectors-wonderful art style-Realism like if i were to run out of food oh well im screwdCons-Not A very good tutorial like instructions and stuff-I wish you could send more people Scavenging but not really a KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANBuy It You Will love it well worth its asking price trust me.
76561197999135330,Recommended,282070,16869953,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Waffle,In this game its either shank or be shanked 11/10
76561198021617845,Recommended,282070,12969542,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,justus9876,This is one of the best games i have ever played.
76561198031871573,Recommended,282070,13800605,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Witch Doctors Without Borders,1) Marko went to Hotel - Died2) Bruno went to Hotel with knife - Died3) Pavle went to Hotel to steal back knife - Died4) Anton ran off with supplies and Zlata now alone => Almost quit5) Zlata gained an AK and vest => Survived drinking moonshine and playing guitar.Anyone can survive this war.
,Recommended,282070,14082184,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ditto|,+ Can't stop playing+ Many different scenarios+ Great game+ Great atmosphere+ Great game art- Please update more features- Ending need to be more meaningfulOverall Rating: 95/100
76561198088806599,Recommended,282070,14342398,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,MisterLewdude,"Amazing game! Hoping for more in depth characters and stories!Just a couple of ideas- Add animal's such as cats and or dogs, this will give you and or your group an emotional attachment towards them-Animals can hunt for food or help guard your shelter, like a cat that can hunt for rats, or a dog that can look for anything that is of value-Animals have to be fed too, cats can be fed canned food while dogs are fed raw food-Ability to name your new companions-Add new survivors-Increase the amount of survivors in your shelter-Have the survivors talk to one another-Add things that you can find that are random that suit the location that you are in, such as a toy in the school, or condoms in the Brothel, things like thatThats all the ideas I got for now, you guys seem to be well involved with the community, listen to ideas that would make sense. And please for the love of Jeebus don't turn this into a zombie game.Love yas <3"
,Recommended,282070,12979947,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Vod,"Tired of being happy? Just had a good day? Always wanted to have clinical depression? Then this game is just for you!Seriously though, this game is surprisingly good. For one, it's a survival game that isn't about zombie outbreaks, nor do you play as super soldiers; you control a group of survivors in a war torn area that has been torn apart by war. The whole idea of juggling responsiblities between your group of survivors such as scavenging, guarding your home or sleeping is really well handled and creates a challenge while making you think about your choices. For example, you're running low on food, so send someone out seems the best idea. But, one of your guys is wounded from a recent attack, and your other guy is sick, so leaving them behind to guard the shelter may not end well, but you still need the food or else they'll be hungry for a couple of days. It's all about balance. The only problem I have with it so far is the questionable replay value.I would seriously recommend this game to anyone, just don't play it when you need cheering up, there's some heavy stuff here."
,Recommended,282070,12975406,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,₫℮α₫⌐◆◆ℓ,"While I have only played a mere 12 days or so in the game's timeline I am very much enjoying my experience with This War of Mine. The gameplay is simple yet enticing with the unexpected looming behind each scavenge mission. The realism comes into play when your group begins to feel the depressing effects of the horrors of war. The art style is phenomenal and is the #1 reason I noticed the game. A step in the right direction for the survival genre -- and yes, no zombies is a welcomed change!If you like survival, RNG style events and looting then you'll enjoy this artistic look at what it means to live This War of Mine."
76561198103199389,Recommended,282070,13728537,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,uncleposey74,"This war of mine is a survival simulation game that puts you in control of a group of people that are trapped inside a war ravaged city.The gameplay of This war of mine centers around trying to survive til wars end by scavenging,stealing,killing and building various workbenches and upgrades inside your shelter.The management aspects of this game is very important as resources are used very quickly and upgrades for the various items in your shelter require larger and larger amounts of your precious resources.Knowing when to hold onto a resource is just as important as knowing when to use it or trade it away.Long term planning is a must if your group is going to survive as building objects at random will quickly result in death due to a lack of a much needed resource.Combat is fairly simple and gets the job done.Simply equip the desired weapon and click on your intended target.Variety is added in the form of close and long range weapons with the addition of stealth takedowns from shadows or behind if you met the criteria to execute.But by far the best aspect of This war of mine is how it pulls at the heart strings of a player by confronting you with many emotional and moral choices that directly effect the mood and mental state of your characters.Some examples of this is giving you the option to steal from the old and helpless.Or perhaps murder an innocent person for the weapon they possess.Without trying this war of mine makes you place a value on human life,yours and those you met, you will often find yourself  taking advantage of others to ensure your own survival.My personnel experiences in-game have had me robbing an old couple of all they had,just so that i could later trade those goods for food. Or killing a innocent man after he caught me stealing from his food stash. After playing for only a few hours i found myself giving greater value to medications and guns than the people who happened to be holding them and would gladly kill just to bring those items back to my fading group.This war of mine brings the dark and cruel reality of war into the forefront and never lets you forget it."
,Recommended,282070,12960965,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Kapitän,"grandma and grandpa won't make me cookies,they said im not mlg.I yelled ""2v1 me man,club penguin,snowballs only.They said ok.They got more rekt than ever before10/10"
76561198010506140,Recommended,282070,12979186,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Siam,"I bought This War of Mine on a bit of a whim upon its release and have since played it to about the 40th day. These are my thoughts on it.Basically, you are trying to survive as best you can in a war torn land, starting with literally nothing but each other and the house you claimed for your own use.The art style of the game fits the game, while the musical score alternates between gloomy dread and uplifting, depending on whether you are scavenging or doing things in your home. But better than both that is the sheer atmosphere it seems to exude from every pore.The game really makes you feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ human being, should you refuse to give help to your neighbours, kill innocents and rob them as well. Yet often you are left with little choice in the matter, for readily available, unclaimed supplies starts to become a premium after a mere dozen runs or so. The alternative is to steal from the bandits themselves, and considering they are more skilled in combat than your untrained civilians and usually more well armed, this is a potentially deadly endeavor.Overall, the game was one I enjoyed and found highly engrossing, and would highly recommend it to anyone who likes post-apocalyptic scenarios that doesn't include zombies. There are enough monsters in us all for that afterall."
,Recommended,282070,13043847,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Julian,"This game. This game will make you do horrible things.The beginning is quite average, you have some food, enough supplies, etc. Each day, you have less safe places to scavenge. Each day, it gets harder and harder. You'll begin to steal from people. You'll begin to kill for the resources you crave. You're going to lose people. Your team will slowly crumble. They'll break down. They'll die of sickness. They'll bleed to death. They'll get shot, battered, or beaten.All this, because of your choices.There are no right or wrong choices, only yours."
76561198030115861,Recommended,282070,12967733,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cactusjuggler™,"One of the very best games I have ever played! Recommended! A ""must buy"", really!"
,Recommended,282070,12974353,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Morman Jesus :^),"As I walk into this house called Quiet House i saw an elderly couple sitting on the couch. I got scared and instantly ran to the basement while he came to check out what the noise was. He walked down into the basement screaming ""are you a bandit?"" and ""Please don't take the medicine"". I got scared and brought the shovel down into his head. Looted his body to find a bottle of medicine.  Worth it. 2 seconds later the wife comes running down into the basement and cries next to her husbands body. I bring the shovel down into her head too so she didn't have to suffer. Break open next door and find 2 broken shotguns and a broken guitar. #worthit 11/10"
,Recommended,282070,13184856,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Laura,"An EXTREMELY good and atmospheric game. Reccomended for the survival community who were in dhire need of a game with a good story and atmosphere to it that provides an interesting and thrilling experience instead of just another boring ""Minecraft"" styled resource gatherer/house maker."
76561198026207632,Recommended,282070,15222960,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kaiser,"This really is a unique game, controls are incredibly simple as you just use the mouse, click where you want to go, double click if you're in a hurry, I found this game to be a mix of xcom base building and abes oddworld, but I will expand. Your hideout is a wrecked shelter in need of repairs, you can scavenge this place early on to start off and gain resources, everything is a factor to your survival, you need water, food, and heating, you can build apparatus to help achieve this, but you always need to balance your limited resources, and rest, because you are up against the clock and bang...the suns down and now you need to go out and hunt for those precious supplies. Now you need to balance again, do I sleep, guard against a potential raid to me, scavenge and what do I take with me if I go out scavenging? A weapon, bandage for someone in need or a crowbar to break in, each item taking up space you could otherwise use for more scavenging?!The amount of diversity and choice in this game is amazing, you can come back one night a hero, the other a monster, or not come back at all, you're group continues regardless, the question now is do you have what it takes to survive the war? I fully recommend this addictive game that will continue to surprise and astound you."
76561197961076890,Recommended,282070,12962140,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Radical Edward,Fantastically deep and conflicting game. When the cold winds blow and the resources are scarce will you succumb or will desperation drive you to murder and kill for survival? Will it all even matter in the end? This game captures a side of war little explored in gaming and does a fine job of it. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,282070,12972248,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Grim.at,Omg...I dont' know if I should say I love this game or if it makes me overall sad. Simply stunning how the developers achieved to constantly giving me creeps during the game. Don't know how many times I already restarted the whole campaign because I don't wan't anyone to die :-(If you ask me: Buy and Try! Nothing you can do wrong about it.
76561198082640923,Recommended,282070,19399158,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Paul196UK,An excellent game of survival and looking after yourself and your mate.  Really good game.
,Recommended,282070,12976382,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,IIBuxy,"This War of Mine will make you stop and think before you do something, the smallest mistake when sneaking through a house with armed thugs can be fatal.You start of with 3 survivors, a scavanger, a cook and a runner. The first (ingame) hours are used to scavanging your house for materials so you can get some beds, a stove or maybe a workshop. After that it's out to find supplies and events may happen such as finding an homeless guy asking for some food, you can eather kill him or give him some food now or later if you plan on comming back. The morale choices you do affects your survivors, someone might get so depressed that getting drunk is the easiest way out of it.This game had me hooked for 5 hours straight, so this furry gives a paw up for this game! :3"
,Recommended,282070,28123212,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GET THE FUCKING DShK IVAN!,Killed old couple...Ran away laughing and without any regrets 10/10
76561198075637879,Recommended,282070,14777081,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,whatthephuck4255,"This War Of Mine potrays a realistic game about war life for civilians. It places us in a selection between the need to scavenge for food, meds and supplies or stay behind to protect your group. It also tests your heart to steal or not to steal from the innocent and how far you would go to protect your group. 9/10 must get"
76561198131377128,Recommended,282070,12974392,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,crocker45,"I have not written many reviews, but this game truly deserves it. . .Most war games, focus on being the Bad♥♥♥♥♥hero......killing terrorists or whatever, and while that is fun sometimes....We overlook the emotion and heartfelt struggle that war often brought to real people. . . .This game captures it beuitufully. The Struggle, the emotions, the decisions, The developer's REALLY Nailed this game.Do yourself a favor . .. play this game....It's one of the most heartfelt games you'll play. :-)I give it a 10-10. :-)"
76561198086518147,Recommended,282070,19813921,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Tubby,This is one of the best games Ive ever played and I love it with a passion!!!!! I cried I cried.
,Recommended,282070,13003065,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,jessiDANGEROUSLY,The best game I've played since Neo Scavenger was put on Steam. This game is all about moral choices and it's nice to play something that takes a lot of thought instead of just running around shooting stuff. I'm so concered about my characters that I think about what things I need to craft in game and what kind of materials I need to scavenge. Fantastic game.10/10
76561198143749761,Recommended,282070,13603262,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ghost_Bot,"Beat up a guy who had an assault rifle with a shovel, because he was being a jerk to some random lady. I won 10/10"
76561198077811095,Recommended,282070,13423200,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Casper,"This is one of the only survival games I have ever played where your actions actually have an impact on the game, where something can go brilliantly, or terrible. This is the only game in years where when I have made a bad choice, I think FXCKS4KE. It is by far the most beautifully designed game with a very very interactive AI. A game where you actually feel rewarded from the things you do and punished for the others..... (Shooting Grandma (You'll get that when you've played). Seriously though, Good job to the devs of the game. 10/10 would shoot Grandma again."
76561198077416516,Recommended,282070,15742806,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sempreya,"Since I play this game, I am always happy when I see some food in my fridge. 10/10"
76561198067279702,Recommended,282070,16971682,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Iron Man,Challenging game. Decisions affect your playthrough greatly. Strongly recommend.
76561198061044820,Recommended,282070,17055646,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,big_wags14775,"Seriously, I can't handle the emotional and moral pitfalls this game forces you through. The choices you have to make to ensure your rag-tag group of survives lives just to see another day. But that just makes me want to play it even more so. Why? Rather than your typical, ""Choice A is bad, choice B is good"" scenario that most games present you, This War of Mine makes every scenario a moral grey area. Will you survive the honest way, trading and bartering goods between your neighbors, but putting extra pressure on your survivors to make sure they scavenge supplies or else risk trading away their own? Or do you decide to resort to thievery and even murder to get what you need, but in the process risk not only your survivors' physical health, but their mental well-being as well.Truly a game that everyone should play at least once to experience the feeling of trying to keep a group of people together under extremely stessful circumstances, This War of Mine does an excellent job of providing a feeling of loss, hopelessness, and utter despair, yet at the same time, can provide a sense of accomplishment and camraderie that is hard to find in a lot of current games."
76561198121375870,Recommended,282070,12996876,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Viktor,"What i did in 2 hours.(sorry for bad english btw).After a while my people was starving so i raided an old couple's house.My character was sad for a long time for what he did because that old couple is propably dead because of me.I tried to stay away from places with danger because i didn't want anyone to die.But after a while my people was starving again.So i took my knife and went to supermarket which is very dangereuse.In supermarket i saw a soldier and a young women.Women was looking for food.Soldier offered food but only if she makes him 'happy'.Women did'nt want to but soldier went on her.So i was already feeling bad for what i did to that old couple and i wanted to help someone.i took my knife and went on an armed soldier and killed him from behind.I would had die but i didn't.I saved a women, looted supermarket and found a gun.This is a game that depends on your choices.Your people will bw happy, will suffer, will die because of your choices.(none died in my group just yet but some of them are badly wounded)."
,Recommended,282070,16071998,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Samork,The only game that made me feel bad about how i treated a bunch of AI. Good job This War of Mine.
,Recommended,282070,16625564,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,RackOLamb,Absolutely beautiful game. I suggest you play this game imagining your characters as friends or companions for the maximum effect.
76561197996422359,Recommended,282070,12960572,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Smokingjoker,"This is an incredible masterpiece! The experiences throughout playing this game, will touch every emotion.I've restarted this game four times now, purely because I felt sorry the people I have lead.Through out my gaming history, I have destroyed cities in Civilization, battled my way to victory in Command and Conquer, fought bravely through Sudden Strike and killed many terrorists in Call Of Duty!But, by far, this has to be the most realistic war game about!Why? Because I'm not a great leader, a great General or an SAS soldier. I am just the average person that works many hours a day to feed their family and if war came to the city I live in, I couldn't just pick my SMG (which I don't have) up and start blasting away!I'd have to hope everyday that my family wouldn't get hurt whilst I was trying to keep us alive and to get us through this horrible ordeal.How long would the food in your cupboard last? How long before the water is turned off? If we ran out of food, could I hit an elderly person over the head with a Spade just for there tinned soup?This game is genius and a massive well done to 11bit Studios for creating a true life war game. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,16695495,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mayhem,"Fantastic game. In many ways, 10x better than most AAA titles out there. Well done.I hope they bring future versions to iOS & Android so you can play this on the go."
76561198243085496,Recommended,282070,24562088,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jacy,"This game reminds me about the agony of people from the war.This is a harsh game, yet it is worth to play."
,Recommended,282070,29360219,Posted: 19 January,all,nsL,"PT-BR:Melhor jogo de todos! This War Of Mine revela uma outra face da guerra: os civis sobreviventes. De um jeito bem envolvente, você controla os personagens durante uma rotina de procura de suprimentos e a proteção do abrigo durante uma guerra civil. Este jogo te faz agir como realmente agiria, pois cada coisa que você faz pode trazer uma consequência boa ou ruim em que você tem que não morrer e não matar (geralmente). Com certeza recomendo, pois merece as devidas honras. Repito: Melhor jogo!EN:Best game ever! This War Of Mine reveals an other face of the war: the survivors civilians. In a very engaging way, you control the characters during a routine of supplies search and protection of your shelter during a civil war. This game makes you act like yourself, because everything you do can bring good or a bad consequences and sometimes end in kill or be killed. Surely I recommend, because it deserve these honors. I repeat: Best game!"
,Recommended,282070,16638358,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"I went to an old peoples house, and....I had to do it.....I took there food, ok listen, we need to survive there is a war going on!!!! IT WAS US OR THEM....im not sure if I made the right choice, vut I have to protect the others. I will have to go again tonight."
,Recommended,282070,33145368,Posted: 2 July,all,bolainas,gr8
,Recommended,282070,33008225,Posted: 29 June,all,yaaboiiFlow,"Probably one of the best games ever made.Started playing it without having seen anything about it, only heard that it should be quite good.This thing really shakes you up, it's just incredibly good.Should you buy it? Definetly."
,Recommended,282070,20999794,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Aryend,"I started with 3 survivors: A cook, a runner and a reporter. At first I searched my shelter for ressources and built some beds and stoves, at night I went out and gathered some more ressources at an abandoned apartment block. Everything was going somewhat fine... But the second night I got raided and they stole our food. Luckily that same day an experienced firefighter decided to join or group, he was a great scavenger... But food was still scarce... One night scavenging the runner got shot and lethally wounded, so I had to steal meds and food from an elderly couple... My survivors got depressed but at least I got what I needed to carry on, didn't help too much though, as 3 days later the runner died from his wounds, only making my survivor's depression worse... Food is still very scarce... The firefighter went into an abandoned warehouse to get some food and got killed by armed thugs who were also scavenging, only making everything worse... Also that night we got raided and the reporter decided to leave the shelter, leaving the cook alone, woundend and starving. I decided to go back to the elderly's couple house, where I found them together, in their bed, dead... I took what I could and returned to my shelter, but it was too much, the cook was broken both physically and mentally... That night he decided to take his life...So, this was my first This War of Mine game, harsh, but damn, just so good. The game does a great job at making you feel bad and get involved with your survivors. It does very well at showing you that you're dealing with ""real"" people in a very plausible civil war scenario. The gameplay elemets are finely tuned to just make everything more immersive, the atmosphere is great and the survival elements are well fleshed out making for a great (but harsh) experience were the sense of danger and dread is constant. This game will make you have a really bad time, and you're gonna love it for that."
76561197995287883,Recommended,282070,12964176,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Lone Panda,One of the most enjoyable and interesting games I have played in a long time. I look forward to any future projects.
,Recommended,282070,18388549,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Nurgle523,"Truly a horror game, a city love story, survival, and a coin showing both sides of the human spirit."
,Recommended,282070,12944481,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,right proper lad,"I went to Central Square to trade.I got 2 bandages, 4 canned food, and plenty of materialIn exchange for a sugar cube10/10 would get scammed again."
76561198254881097,Recommended,282070,28291080,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,_alex039_,Excellent game
,Recommended,282070,17072450,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,TassieMinator,"I love games about war and warfare, like casual FPS or RTS games, but I knew those games are not showing the real face of horror. A war is terrible and we can't even imagine what can bring.This War of Mine was the perfect example what a war can bring and in a war you are not always the awesome spec ops guy with big guns... in this game you are the civilian who try to survive day to day in... Hell. Games like this can teach us a lot of things.As for the game...-Nice unique visuals (at least for me)-Nice events and story telling-Characters are real living beings, you can symphatise with them-Nice survival and craft system-FEEELS and SNIPERS on every corner (OK just kidding:D Feels are more dangerous than snipers in this game xD)-Scavange is a responsible task-Choices have impact on your characters and on the game-Violence, murder, stealing is NOT always the only option!-You will find new difficulty after every dayI really enyojd this game, and I hope more people will get it, because games like this have future.If you up to a little challenge, and you're not a depressive type, plus you saw enough BLOODY-SCREEN-SO-REAL MLG FPS sh*t games and you want to see what a war can bring... this game is for you."
76561198083233174,Recommended,282070,28794334,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dazaisan,"A unique view on the whole war issue which unfortunately befalls a large part of the world. In this war game you do not play as the hero who wields a knife or 360 no-scopes people, but rather helpless victimes of the war: children, women, and even ordinary men.Buy purchasing the game, you not only award yourself with this gem of a game, but also contribute toward a better cause by supporting Child of War charity.10/10 would scavenge again"
,Recommended,282070,13984265,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,SciLog1c,"Awesome game with different deep gameplay, but too low on content."
,Recommended,282070,13708607,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Deng XiaoBling,"Amazing game, I highly reccomend it... It is also very detailed and you can tell that the developers really put a lot of hard work into the game. The game is pretty and you do not have the option to revert to a save, so if you lose a character, they are perma-dead unless you restart.Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,282070,20101890,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dea†hRow.Zaffre,Is it weird that I like replaying this game just so I can kill people?
,Recommended,282070,19542347,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[ODT]DotaPleb,"Day one, game loaded with both playable characters sickDay two, the snow cameDay three, Playable character died saving victim from brutal assultDay four, Remaining selfish character refused to see the bigger picture and commited suicide10/10 would play again"
76561198005722805,Recommended,282070,32614272,Posted: 21 June,all,D.S.Jensen,"One of the best indie gems on steam. Also one of the few 2d games I like.Only thing I miss is probly a coop mod, and more locations."
76561198068288129,Recommended,282070,13427284,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TheCuzzinator,"This war of mine is just simply, a fantastic game possibly in my top 5 favourite games ever.... Almost beats GTA 5... But it's just something different, something... Unique.It hits you hard with the feelz, having to steal food from elderly people that are desperate for anything! Having to kill a old couples 30 year old son and then watching them watch there son... Drop to the floor. Having to steal medical supplies from severely injured people, just to help your group. It does hit you hard in the feelz, doesn't it.SummaryProsCharacter combination choosing2 different spawn locationsGood/Unique CharactersGreat visualisationVery very VERY hardRepitativityHard to stop playingOkay trading systemConsNo button to continue after beating gameNot enough scavenging locations (3-5 more would be perfect)Horrific fighting systemCan only trade Ciggarettes/Moonshine (For narcotics) no Drugs...A little more crafting variations?This game would be a 10/10 if you could continue after beating the game or possibly fixing the fighting... It's just scary how bad the fighting is.... But overall a masterpiece"
,Recommended,282070,12943369,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,vebski,"Wonderful game, you make your own story by playing. And when one of your favorite characters dies -> Lie down and get depressed (also cry).Game lacks some tool tips or short tutorial explaining how you deal with some situations/states, but I guess lack of it goes nice with idea of surviving war."
,Recommended,282070,25483514,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kx250Bandit,It made me hate myself. It is worth a shot. Now I'm gonna go lay in bed and think about what I've done.
76561198095989475,Recommended,282070,25484692,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,5th amendment,intriguing game showing players that war is truly hell on earth not just to soldiers
,Recommended,282070,25487740,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Asta,"It is not only a game. This War of Mine is more likely to provide different choices, and these choices will lead your characters to different destinies. SURVIVE? SUICIDE? BETRAY?Will you choose to rob the olds to get food and medicine?Will you choose to risk your life to fight for a girl who is facing the situation of being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Will you choose to give your precious medicines to people who are suffering the pains of illnesses?WE WILL SEE.Do you just regard it as a game, or as a questionnaire of your perspective of lives and humanity?SURVIVE or DIE..."
76561198120926801,Recommended,282070,25483891,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mr.Noodles,"Made it to day 30, was not easy... Fun, Challenging, A must have in your steam library. At first i was skeptical on adding this to my list, then i got all the DLC for it after an hour of gameplay. Main reason i got this game was the intro on why this game was created, but then after some play, now i want to see if there is an end. worth every penny."
76561198069877417,Recommended,282070,33000201,Posted: 29 June,all,Hast du Brot?,"10 Bucks for the best DLC i´ve ever seen? I´am with you!Make the world a better place!By the way, this game is awesome, amazing atmosphere!"
76561198133712928,Recommended,282070,18712165,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Max ORyan,">Survive in a cold, harsh world distorted by war.>Start with nothing and go to bed hungry nearly every night.>Try to survive not only against the rebels but also against corrupt goverment soldiers that really makes you wonder whothe real bad guy is, as they do worse things to you than the rebels ever did.-If Donald Trump Becomes President Simulator 2015"
,Recommended,282070,28144066,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,justsomeguytom,"One of the best games I've played in a while, got it on sale a while ago and I'm trully happy I did it.Pros:+the artstyle+has depth+has the unpredictableness of the war+steam workshop support+you can choose your own storyCons:-still has some bugs and glitchesOverall, definitely get it when on sale, you won't regret a good survival adventure."
76561197988548441,Recommended,282070,23853273,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mascarovski,Amazing design. Beautiful soundtrack. Challenging to play. Worth every peny.
76561198109059700,Recommended,282070,12991999,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ALPHAandOMEGA,"WOW.. Let me say this. I have never written a review ever on a game that I liked, but this one.. IS DIFFERENT. The game is real, no BS. This game will last me forver.. a true classic.First day playing: Well I made it to day 30.. rerolled 25, rerolled 28, rerolled 15Second day playing: 49...rerolled 28..(momma wasn't a very good killer of soldiers)I didn't want to spoil anything for anyone, but the time spent.. the different thought process involved.. the ups and downs and way downs and holy..I have so much food..there is no war.. times..I recommend this to anyone who wants a challenge and wants games to change so they are never bored."
,Recommended,282070,32629659,Posted: 21 June,all,Frogs are People Too,"Atmospheric and surprisingly not as heavy handed as I was expecting. I don't care for the monotone artstyle and it suffers from the usual flaws in the (rather infamous at this point) survival crafting genre. If it's a first world country then why does nobody have stockpiles of canned goods in their house? Yeah, I know game mechanics trump realism, but it's stuff like that that ruins the immersion. And then there's the combat. The combat feels clunky as hell. I bashed a guy in the head with a crowbar, hit him again, and he killed me by... bumping  into me over and over while I couldn't do anything?Do I recommend it? Yes, but it's more of a ""Yyyyessss...."" yes. If you think it'll be fun you'll probably like it, but get it when it's cheap."
76561198140624483,Recommended,282070,15370224,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ElaD,"This War of Mine... My god what a game... Instantly fell in love with it, haven't played much lately but I spent hours on end at a time playing it.The art in this game is just a breath of fresh air, the emotion and connection you feel when one your characters is sick/injured, the rush you get when you're escaping from pursuers, its extraordinary .10/10 Highly reccommend it."
76561197973706677,Recommended,282070,18778193,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,blacktomcat,"Well. Can i recommend this product? Yes and no.Purely seen as a game and judged as a game? No, rather not.But seen as more than that? Yes! Absolutly yes!This game offers an unusual perspective as not beeing about the soldiers, but about the civilians in an conflict. Struggling to stay alive, healthy and sane.This game has hit me in the face, as i was trying to play it like ""any other game"". Showing me the negative fallout and the consequences of things i decided my survivors should do, while equally showing me the sheer helplessness and the fear of uncertain future events in an desperate situation.If you play a game ""just for the lols"" don't get this one, it wont suit you. If you play a game to experience something new, something touching or at least something to remember, then this game is definitly the right thing for you!Oh and one last thing. DON'T use any spoilers, helptools, wikis or whatsoever. Try to wrap your head around everything yourself. And thats especially true for the ingame events to come, the things to unfold. They will suddently give you new challanges and some might be quite harsh...."
76561198013384259,Recommended,282070,26779046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hobo with Mosin,This game makes you feel cold in the hottest summer.
,Recommended,282070,13248355,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Tenryuu,"After playing this game for many hours, I must say, this game is good. It shows a side of war that not many games show. Sure Spec Ops: The Line showed the effects of war and decisions for soldiers but this game focuses on the citizens, the people who didn't want and deserve to be in the war. Many don''t focus on that cause people prefer action. So I will just say the pro's and con'sPro's:1. Click adventure. The controls are very simple. It only needs mouse interactions and it is quite simple to understand what the icons in the game mean.2. Character stories. There are about 8 preset characters, each with their own story on life and how the war has changed them. It is very interesting to learn about each character and the hardships they went through cause of the effects of war.3. Politics through the perspective of those in the warzone. Most people don't feel as much about the government when talking about war because it is usually something people don't like to talk about but in This War of Mine, when you listen in on the radio about the politics happening, you want to get up and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the government for what they are doing. There are many examples like how the government postpones a peacemaking group from entering the town another 2-3 weeks or when the soldiers from the government commit atrocities against the citizens. Each bit of news makes you feel more about what life is like as a citizen in a warzone.4. The harsh environment. This isn't a picnic in the middle of the meddow, this is war and it is never pretty. Bandits try to raid your home, even scared innocent citizens try to raid you just to live another day. I shows the truth and ugly side of the war that no one wants to know.5. Permenant death. Your characters will die. If you don't take good care of your folk, it will cause problems to you and your other survivors. This makes you want survivors to live.6. Choices. This game has some hard choices. There is no moral ground in war, there is only survival and this game has it in spades. Sure stealing from people is wrong but sometimes, you must put aside all morals and do what is best for your people. I had to steal from many innocents that didn't deserve it and will die cause of me but it is either me or them and I would much rather look after my own people rather than worry about others. There are also people who visit your safehouse asking for help like medicine, food, or just require one of your folk to help them. It is up to you if you are willing to give up all your medicine for a mother who is dying.7. Morale. Your characters are not soldiers, they are just people. Because of that, they are not as hardened as soldiers in the field of battle. As such, when someone dies, your survivors will become depressed, broken even. Even stealing, killing innocents, and denying request will affect your survivors. If someone is broken and beyond depressed, they will kill themself from such depression. This makes players watch and value each character even more.8. Scenarios. This game can give you a random scenario with pre-set items and characters. You can start in the winter or summer and sometimes you can get either 1-4 survivors in your party to start. Although this is a RNG dice roll, doesn't mean it gives a challenge. Personally, I like a challenge and I would accept it, for others though, this is a hit or miss with others. There is also scenarios during the time when you are surviving like when bandit run wild or when the market for trading changes prices with certain items.Cons:1. Click adventure. As simple as the game is, it has its problems. For those who have played action games will not find much enjoyment from this game cause of how simple the game controls are. Simple controls leads to boring and repetitive gameplay.2. Difficulty. The first couple of games will be hard but once you understand the game concept and how it works, I never lost a single person. The game becomes too easy and becomes bland as time passes. If there were difficulty setting and options, then this game would be more fun.3. Save. This game has no manual save, it only has auto save and it only auto saves at the end of a day. A manual save function would be good. There is also no muliple save files, there is only one. Although this seems a bit questionable, this is a minor con.4. Combat. There really isn't much combat and when there is, it is just ""click the dude and hope you win."" Each character has traits so some characters can defeat a person better than others will but the combat is quite RNG like. If you dont have a combat expert and you are spotted, you better pray to god that the dice rolls in your favor.5. Guns. Guns in this game are largely pointless to use when scavenging. They cause loud noises and can barely kill anyone. Mostly because bandits and soldiers have armor so melee is the much better option when scavenging. The only use for guns is to defend your safehouse from raids but that is all they are valued for, other than trading.Even with these problems, it still doesn't mean it's a bad game. The game is strong and it is a nice change after seeing Battlefield 4 and Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 and more. It may not be as good and as entertaining to some but for those who enjoy a challenge and a change in pace for war times, this game is up your alley. My only gripe is when the game adds a difficulty setting and option and a infinite mode where the war last forever and try see how long will you survive until you meet your demise. For the difficulty setting, I want a option that turns of trading because in the later or mid-game, you can really never die or lose since a trader visits you every so often and there are areas that have trading spots, more specifically the Central Junction, where it is a trading mecha. It is cool to see a community create a trading center during war times but it becomes too easy with the amount of items they sell. You can essencially live on forever. If there is a option that turns off trading, I would gladly turn it on for the rest of my playtime.Overall: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,282070,14006621,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Soviet,This War of Mine is the only game that I have ever played in my entire life that made me actually feel bad enough about a bunch of pixels that I didn't instinctively kill them and take all their♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282070,18166570,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Baphomet,"This War of Mine is a story based game that puts you in control of a trio of civilians thrust into a modern day siege on their own city by military/paramilitary forces. It is said that some of the aspects of the game reflect the Kosovo war back in 1999 and I can see the similarities in some instances to that as well as modern day conflicts. A good chunk of the game is spent helping your party survive in their shelter as well as sending people out to scavenge for supplies.Anyhow, the majority of the game is akin to a gathering and crafting sim in that you must gather materials from various locales and build necessary elements such as beds, a stove, a heater, etc. In addition to this, some structures can be upgraded to offer much needed features including reinforcing your shelter walls and alarm doors for additional security (the former is practically mandatory for a successful run). During the night, you choose to send a single member of your party out to explore various areas of the game and salvage (or steal) items to improve your living situation.Depending on the areas you visit, there may be neutral, friendly, or hostile characters looting or defending their territory, and you will need to let your own personal morals decide the outcome. Stealing or killing will have a negative psychological impact on your group, but without the stolen items you might not survive. Depression from bad decisions can also have an impact on characters and may cause them to refuse to perform tasks or, in more extreme cases, take their own lives. Thankfully, characters can be comforted through a various number of distractions and indulgences such as reading books or smoking cigarettes.When playing this game I recommend you avoid any kind of save-scumming or “I can save everyone and be the nice guy! :)” attitude. Real life conflicts are incredibly unfair and rarely are there ever happy endings. You will need to do whatever it takes to survive, even if it means sinking to despicable new lows such as stealing from defenseless people or murder. In my last successful playthrough, I barely crossed the finish line with one gravely wounded, deathly ill, starving party member who probably would not have lasted an additional day had the conflict been drawn out much further (his “best friend” had died 2 days earlier, sadly). Real life war, especially urban/siege warfare, ♥♥♥♥ing sucks and this game is a pretty good representation of that.I recommend his game to people who like to roll the dice and let it ride just to see what kinds of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥will happen. Just don’t expect to survive your first few playthroughs."
76561198213587333,Recommended,282070,23764310,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ジ,#No Food Simulator 2k20
,Recommended,282070,13722428,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Naveedster,I killed 7 bandits in an abandoned hotel with a butter knife for a single cigarette. That cigarette pulled my group out of depression. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,33082044,Posted: 1 July,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,10/10 would starve my child to death because she is a useless piece of crap
,Recommended,282070,15194683,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mallikeet,The greatest and deepest game that I never want to play a second time.
76561197993520753,Recommended,282070,25423507,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Crimea River,"If you don't know wtf, this game is essentially about a non-visible-you following the lives of people who are trying to survive in a war torn city, between scavengers, food, vices, and helping those around you that are trapped (or robbing them blind).Good:Excellent art style, compelling but flawed characters, replayability through overworld variation and refugee combinations, ability to make custom games.Bad:I really dislike having to manually rearm everything?Idk buy this game its ♥♥♥♥in good even at full price."
,Recommended,282070,32942567,Posted: 28 June,all,Gosu,Nice game
,Recommended,282070,13886387,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Yureina,"Eek...So who wants to go to a dark and depressing abyss where you don't end as a winner with lots of monies and cookies, but rather a worn-out survivor with varying degrees of psychological damage? If not, then I guess don't play this game. But you would be missing out, because you don't see games like this very often at all.My closest comparison to this game would be Spec Ops: The Line because both take you into very dark places and when you finish it you are more likely to feel exhausted than jubilant. Unlike Spec Ops however, This War of Mine has no set storyline to follow. None of the countless horrible events you can come across in this game are guaranteed to happen for you, and everything you do in this game is entirely your choice. So in that regard it is a step up from that lovely adventure into a sand-storm ravaged Dubai. Because in this game, when you decide to have your characters do something horrible, it was your choice. Nothing forced you to do that. And you (or rather, your band of survivors) have to live with that.This game is about as unpleasant as it gets, and yet despite that this game was necessary since it shows the often forgotten side of war: the civilians whose hometown ends up becoming a battlefield. I can't say you will have fun (you probably won't, even if the gameplay is quite good), but I can say that it will be an experience you will think about for quite sometime.Enjoy being plunged into a world of despair and desperation. Woohoo! x_x"
,Recommended,282070,16693456,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Psycho8Vegemite,"In this review I'll be covering the story, objectives and tone of this great game.StoryYou emerge as a citizen, trapped inside an abandoned home that you now know as safety, along with two or three other people; you've been stuck between war zones where survival and horror cross fade. You are not a soldier and therefore just a survivor. Searching ruble left behind by shelling finding few scraps of food and items. You find cloth to bandage your friends wounds in and antibiotics to help your sickness. You find little useful materials and components to build with, but is enough for a simple hotplate and a makeshift bed to rest bloodied limbs on. You know you can't survive with what you have, you know you need more supplies, but you also know you can't just walk outside with snipers lurking. You wait for night, where you'll travel for supplies in an effort for not just yourself, but the survival of your comrades as well. Risking everything you know you'll have to choose between life or death, starvation or robbery and kindness or murder. There is no choices, only decisions.ObjectivesYou play as one or more survivors at once, controlling their separate thoughts and decisions. 'This War of Mine' plays like 'The Sims' in a dark horrible way. In order to eat out of your fridge, you must either scavenge for food, steal for it or kill for it. Sometimes you have a choice, others you don't. This game is all about choosing between ultimately life or death.During the day you play as all the characters working towards fixing, improving your safety and health. You need to eat, drink (is automatic), sleep, heal and improvise along with catering to character specific needs such as smoking or drinking coffee. Sometimes you have people during the day that try to trade with you, where you can use your found items to trade with theirs for things you need. Other times you have people whom seek help, medical or physical; good or bad. Once nightfall reaches you have two choices, to stay, or scavenge; by choosing what each persons role for the night is. After this, it's your time to shine, you can scavenge, steal or kill for things such as food, materials, supplies and items.The games pace is repetitive, but the shear pain and suffering to see your characters go through is what compels you to continue, to see hope or a light. Once you come home you can talk to others about your findings, reassure them that you'll survive, offer them food or medical attention. Once you have your resources, it is yours to use it wisely. Just remember, that you're not alone, your death is likely likewise having your own safety attacked and looted from. This game is all about survival, and it shows just that in all the most brutal ways possible during war...Tone and EmotionsYou as the player, will feel the pain and suffering your characters go through. Murdering people feels bad and so does robbing people of their supplies. When your characters feel bad whether its from woundings or from being depressed. You'll feel it with them. 'This War of Mine] is a harsh game in all ways, and there is no running from it. When a character leaves due to how they feel, or when a character dies because you couldn't do enough; you feel the weight on your shoulders, the sadness and emotions of the other occupants you still have to survive for. This games takes your point of view about war into a whole new perspective, and it is harsh.Pros and ConsProsConsImmersive experienceBrutally honest warCharacter emotions are in depthScavenging and robbing is greatStealth is spot onInventory system is greatBuilding and upgrading system is spectacularCharacter management is beautifulStoryline is greatMechanics overall are pleasingMusic and ambiance is nicely fittingGraphics are really niceWish there were sidescroller controls such as WSAD or arrow keysHaving muti-people scavenging isn't implemented where honestly I would love itThere is no Co-op which would fit really nice with this gameIs repetitive but nice if you understand the story wellNot too many things to build, wish there were things like pool tables or having tables to eat at.Just more objects and items to build in general. (Hint hint developers, bunk beds would be awesome!)Overall I think that this is a genuinly great game, it has been a long time where just the gameplay makes me sad or that I feel bad stealing or killing others. Certainly deserves a close look. This concludes my review, I may visit this again if I have things to add."
,Recommended,282070,26868127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tanshaydar,Depression... How does it feel like to be a civil in a war? A definitive hell...
76561197977420322,Recommended,282070,32747151,Posted: 24 June,all,Powpow,"So I finally bought this game after wanting to get it shortly after release and wasn't really expecting much. I have now learned to be a scavenger hustler, just trying to survive this war of mine..."
,Recommended,282070,13064242,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Cujo,"I sent Arica to go into the hotel which was rumored to be holding thugs. Pavle recently murdered a man for an assualt rifle so I let him sleep it off. I only came back to this place because I knew these guys were the friendly type. Arica peeked through the door. One guy. Pistol in one hand and a book. He turned his back. He was to far to knife so Arica busted through the door. She blew that man away. A shout came from downstairs and she hide behind the door. Two more came up. One had a shotgun another a knife. She went for the man with the gun. She hit him twice. Then ran out of ammo. She slammed the door and tried running. But it was to late. Black screen ""Arica is dead"". Pavle,Markos, and Bruno knew what had happen. Pavle and Markos were terribly hurt due to bandits. Bruno knew what had to be done. Bruno grabbed the last AR and 4 bullets. He head off to the Hotel where he knew Arica was last seen. He crept in the hotel. AR ready. He saw the blood stains on the floor. Made him only angrier. He opened the door and noticed a dead man. Atleast she didnt die without a fight. Bruno went down the stairs. He heard a man from below going out for fresh air. Bruno spotted the man. This man had a shotgun. Bruno lined up the shot and fired. The man dropped instantly. Bruno heard another shout. It was the man with a knife...and he was trying to run. Bruno took out his knife and chased him. The man begged for mercy. Bruno knows no mercy anymore. Bruno walked back home with guns, ammo, and vengance. Moral of the story dont ♥♥♥♥ with Bruno."
76561198113123819,Recommended,282070,14410282,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,csgolive.com Creative Goat,"yes i loved this game, it makes you feel sad and/or guitly because you shot some one or stole their broken lamp... but the small dislike to warn you about is that you cant play it on a computer with laggy runing or if they cant handle it. other then that i had loved it. i find it gets so much help from devloper, bugs and glichs mostly get pached and fixeds. also it helps to have a nice understanding, you learn from your mistakes. one of the best games on steam : ]"
76561198149828396,Recommended,282070,24013131,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,fackerlee09（十）,♥♥♥♥ THE WAR
,Recommended,282070,18830150,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,yify,"Nice atmosphere, you can feel the situation a bit too. Re-playable, because game has many characters which have their own special powers."
76561198066115642,Recommended,282070,13694765,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Grávéy78,"day 5: we need food and meds despartly or bruno will die. during the night i decide to go to the apartments were a young man and his old mother and father live.as i hide in a door way i hear him say ""i gotta protect ma and da who else will"" i think ti myself i should leave but den he walks down to me wit a knive and gun.im force to kill him , after i had killed him his mother came down crying and beggin her son not to be dead.i dont know how to feel, but im left with one option kill his mother and father and robb everything looking for meds or bruno will die. the father never knew wat was coming he was asleep in teh bed and got up just as i knived him.i say to myself its for bruno but im thinking wat have i done i killed a innoncent family.i return home with the life saving meds only to find out dat bruno had died during the night.What have i done......."
,Recommended,282070,24179879,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"I will start by telling a story from one of my playthrough's:As you know this game is a struggle to get resources let alone survive. I started with 3 people at my house, Pavlio, Bruno and a girl Arica. So I sent my guy Pavlio to loot a house that other looters were at as well.I was hoping they were friendly as I didn't have any weapons and there was a decent amount for all of us. This one guy didn't like what I was doing, so he decided to end Pavlio's life. A few days later, after I finally get a weaponI send my guy Bruno to seek revenge for his friend. I go back and point black shot this guy, I then hear a women scream and run down to his dead body, just sobbing and telling him to wake up.My revenge wasn't so sweet, I stood there listening to her crying  slowly looting and left her there. It was only Bruno and Arica left at the house, She was sick and I didn't have meds to help her.She died 2 days after the revenge. Leaving Bruno who was broken from what he did back there all alone. Right after the Arica died, he hung himself.What I liked:Taking war seriouslyDifficult game with real choicesWhat You Need to Know:This game will test you, as you will have a hard time to survive at the beginning and get robbedIf you make it past the beginning, you can start to slowly secure your house, build up a function bunker to survive for the next 40-45 daysDon' expect to be rambo with weapons or for the combat to be fun if need be. It's only used as a last resortKilling to defend yourself won't always break your characters will., but killing and robbing innocent will. So don't do it. It's not worth it, unless your gonna die anywaysI lost twice around day 15, which is about 4 hours in each. Third game I did install a mod to fix my main complaint with the gameResource stacks are small, making looting harder as you need to take more trips, meaning more days, meaning more food used. Didn't like the low stack count on some items( mostly the basic crafting items)Also the crafting requirements were a little high which coupled with low stack count. Really made the game feel unbalanced, why I later added a mod that increased the stack count.The character interaction is weak, not alot of character building. They do give backstories as days go by. But other than that your characters are kinda robots until they steal or murder from people and need consolingMost of what they say is just like, I'm hurt, hungry or just commenting on what someone did like ""I'm glad Bruno got us some bandages"". So don't expect much form this aspectThis game will make you need to take breaks when stuff gets real if you that kinda of person. I know I did. There's definitely not another game like this that I know of.My Score:APrice:$5Completed in:9 hours( 15 if counting failed attempts)Games similar:Don't StarveNEO ScavengerDyscourse"
,Recommended,282070,19497639,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,My Name is Jon,"This game is what a true survival game should be. It's so different compared to all the mainstream survival nowadays. First of all, loot and storage system, unlike other survival games where you will only find it hard to survive the first few days and then after continous looting, you will be fine for the rest of the game. This game however will cause you to really strategies how you are going to manage your resources as you will be running low on everything from the start of the game until the end. The game is hard to play at first but after you get used to the mechanics, it should get easier but it's still gonna be harder than mainstream survival games (Took me few restarts to finally get used to the game as I don't want to lose any survivors throughout the playthrough). Each survivor has unique abilities which makes the game more fun as it gives you the choice to choose which type of survivors you'd like to play with through out the playthrough."
76561198077450811,Recommended,282070,14043684,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,amateur meatshield,"Play this game. You won't regret it.So, I took the time to read the negative reviews before I wrote this one. Their chief complaints were the repetitive nature of the game and the randomness of events causing you to survive or fail. They also complained there wasn't a sense of ""accomplishment"" or ""achievement"" to it.See, this is what I think-- this game isn't designed to be like most out there. Yes, it can be repetitive. Yes, the combat system sucks. Why? It's a survival game, playing as civilians. You don't have skill sets or weapons. You're just a small group of frightened survivors trying to scavenge your way through a civil war. The combat isn't supposed to be the focus. The whole idea is that you can't take on the world by yourself.No, it's not ridiculously immersive like some games available on the market-- but it gets the job done. It's gritty. It's well-designed. It will frustrate you, because you can't just tank your way through it.In a game about the horrors of war, should it be any surprise that beating the game comes without a great sense of accomplishment?If you want a FPS survival genre game, go play something from Bethesda. This is an indie game, designed more as an exercise in thought than it is an exercise of your trigger finger."
,Recommended,282070,33012760,Posted: 29 June,all,Soyti,very addicting game.
76561197968927326,Recommended,282070,14660016,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Craig Hazel,"Well worth the money, Well worth the time!"
76561198035471137,Recommended,282070,14963757,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Silent Curse,"This has got to be one of the most beautifully done games I have ever played. In itself you find yourself feeling things you never thought you would feel while playing a game, and balancing those feelings with the sort of life changing actions you have/choose to make.Playing as a survivor during a war struggling to survive from starvation, illness, wounds, other survivors, and the military, rather then a automatic weapon wielding one man army sent to slaughter hundreds of enemies in the name of your country/organization/religion/whatever. And its that sort of thinking outside the box with how most games are being done now that makes this game a true piece of art.The combat is unforgiving, just as it should be. If you choose to engage in some kind of combat you had better be prepared to really think about how you are going to take on the obstacles in front of you. Its easy to get wounded, get chased off, or even die if you are not careful.Scavenging during the night also plays its role, having to balance what is necessary with what isn't. Planning for the future winter by stocking up on canned goods and firewood. Getting the tools and materials needed to truly secure your home, and fix it up with facilities to keep your survivors both happy and alive. Mix in a little trading and you really need to look at all your looting options. Do you take the can of food? Do you really need it? Or is the pile of wood a better choice? Sometimes you will find yourself really balancing it out to because missing some key pieces when your survivors are either hungry, cold, or depressed can really change how the next few days play out.The music is utterly amazing. Its simple, quiet, and really sets the mood properly with the artistic style the game is designed in. There are times I just left the game on pause while I do some house work, to have that nice ambiance.My advice, play the game as if you were one of the survivors, don't think of yourself as a player/god controlling these people. When you do that you really start to care about your survivors, what their stories are, and what sort of things they are having to do, let alone what actions you take and how it will effect them.All in all this game stands out for one main reason. It has a soul. It doesn't need those million dollar CG trailers, seizure inducing lens flares spammed across the screen, sharks with freakin laser beams, Press X to feel aspects that all the recent triple A games have. Its just a well done game with a soul, and as a gamer what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,282070,33753164,Posted: 23 July,all,来dota1卜把妮打哭,A good game with low replayability. Also a bit too hard for new players without reading guides. Decent for its price.
76561198080307188,Recommended,282070,29085602,Posted: 7 January,all,Jukeboy Cho,Syria Simulator.
76561198026669418,Recommended,282070,18228926,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kat,"It's the love child of The Sims and Oregon Trail; however when my Sim was sad, it didn't tug at my heartstrings like this game manages to do. This brilliant strategy game has your survivors looting, crafting, combating, and bartering all while trying to manage their basic survival needs like sleep, health,  food, and comfort. The choices you make are important because some characters are better at cooking others at running. These characters have truly come to life because of how their actions may take a toll on their conscience. Realistic setting, great strategy, and sensitive subject matter tackled eloquently makes this game a high recommendation."
76561198034507733,Recommended,282070,29089936,Posted: 7 January,all,Kiribin,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!Why? because is really realistic the things you need to do. For example, In war times, you need found water, food, medicine to survive, you need found other people to help you, your friends can be die. Its really amazing the details.The ambience and sound are perfect.This game is really intelligent!!Buy now this epic adventure and survive most you can! hahaha =D =D =D =D =D =D =D"
,Recommended,282070,13324695,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,The Human Cabbage,Every day is a challenge to survive. Every day after the first two feel like the characters just scraped by barely surviving. Definitely worth checking out as this isn't 'more of the same' and feels like a breath of fresh air for the 'done to death' survival genre.
,Recommended,282070,17237940,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Lord_Retard,This game is special. It makes you feel bad about yourself and as far as i know its impossible to get by without killing friendly people and stealing their loot. It shows the horrors of war.
,Recommended,282070,23425986,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,▶️ 🅷🅰🆈🅳🅴🅽,The Survival of HumanityI choose to be good person yet i wonder what would happen if war broke into my country..will i still be the same?10/10
76561198047080546,Recommended,282070,14498657,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ChocoElBanana,One of the best survival games I've played. Truly a masterpiece in showing a civilians life in the middle of a war in their very own city.
,Recommended,282070,12974759,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,kevlarkevin18,"I snuck into a house with only my knife.  I heard voices talking but didn't see what they said.  I went through a room on the bottom floor, but there was a hole in the roof, and someone with a gun spotted me through the hole.""I'll kill you!""  The person went back and came down a ladder looking for me.  I hid myself in the shadows and waited.  They walked by my position, and I lept upon them without even thinking.  Not a chance they saw me coming...My character threw them onto the floor and stabbed them over and over until the person was dead.More people heard the violence and came down the same ladder.  I couldn't hide again; it was them or me. I charged at the one that came down first, but she just pushed me away and ran past me.  She ran to the person I'd just killed.""Boenza...No!  Boenza, I don't believe this....""  The female character keeps crying and saying the name Boenza.  She doesn't even acknowledge me.  I loot Boenza's body right in front of her; she doesn't try to stop me.Another character, a male I believe, came into the room.  He was holding a rifle and could have dropped me right then.  He just looked at me and started shouting.""Leave! Get out of here!""  I thought he would shoot me.  God knows I deserved it.Sickened, I turned around and just walked out with the woman audibly crying over Boenza's body.  The man just watched me leave with nothing besides Boenza's gun.Was Boenza their child?  Why had she yelled that she would kill me?  I guess she was trying to protect her parents; trying to be the hero we see in war far too often.  I didn't want to die, so I killed her with a knife, in what was probably her own home.  I tried to kill her mom, but she was tougher than me and just brushed me aside because trying to care for her daughter was more important.  I looted that girl's body in front of her mother because I needed the gun.Then there's her father...He saw his wife crying over their dead daughter's body, and past them he saw me with my knife which would have still had blood on it.  He could have killed me with his rifle.  Most of you would have because this is a game, right?  He just shouted for me to leave over and over again.They were better people than me, including Boenza; I wish Boenza had won our fight.Best. Game. Ever."
,Recommended,282070,25872670,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Callak Skytower,"I have just survived my longest run in this game so far.  And I must say, it was depressing near the end.   A crime spree broke out and the constant raids on my character's home slowly wore down their morale until they could no longer get out of bed.  I'm guessing this had to do with me not acquired enough decent weapons to defend well.That said, the game as a whole is well built and well thought out.  Character interactions are very true to life.  For instance, you don't want to try to steal right out from under someone's nose, it tends to go badly.  Things like keeping cigarets and alchohol on hand also help to keep morale up, however some, like alchol have their own hitches.  Your characters can console each other and look after each other, pretty much like roomies.Now, besides being challenging, fun, and yes depressing (as it should be), I hope this game will have another effect on the people that play it...  realize this, war is not glorious, and it tends to do more harm than good by the end.  I live in America.  There are many here that are becoming increasingly unhappy with the way our government works.  Some even thing we need another civil revolution here.  Anonymous even posted a call to action on Youtube.  However, before we jump all over a war here in this country, please, lets try to exersize all our options, because if war comes about, most definately more will suffer than benifit.  Many will die.  And there are tecnologies and aspects of this society we have now that we take for granted that we will loose."
76561198033152280,Recommended,282070,12968457,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Edwardo,War sucks. Life sucks.10/10
,Recommended,282070,26202491,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,bishoujo75,"This game is great!It takes a toll on you.Trust me.The struggle is real!I recommend this game!I've been shot by a sniper in this game and it legit scared me!The game is great.If you want to buy it, don't wait!10/10"
,Recommended,282070,12978411,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,redsoul41,"""Review - This War of Mine""IN A WAR, NOT EVERYONE IS A SOLDIER.I totally recommend this game to everyone who wants to experience a new type of war game. This game has emotion, thrill and excitement. You make your own story. Your survival depends on the decisions you make. Will you kill someone just to survive or will you help everyone you see and thrive in hunger and sickness.In war, it's hard to fight and defeat your enemies but what more if you're just a civilian? In this game, you play as a civilian with your group trying to survive in the midst of war. Resources are very scarce. You have to scavenge for food, meds, weapons, etc. in order to survive. You also have the option to make a trade/barter with other civilians or even with bandits, thugs and soldiers but beware that not all of them are trustworthy. Here are some awesome realistic things that I like:Highlights:+ Real Conscience is included - When you do a bad thing (hurting, killing), the whole group suffers a ""Sad"", ""Depressed"" or ""Broken"" state of emotions.+ When all hope is lost, you can control your characters to encourage the others that it's not the end.+ Suicide is also present in this game. (When all hope is lost.)+ When all of your characters have lost hope, they will be unable to move even if you order them.+ Your main goal is to survive until the war ends. (The date of the war's end is at random.)+ Make big decisions like would you help others outside your shelter for a night in exchange of downsizing your shelter's numbers. (You might get raided.)+ Realism - When you attack or do something bad in a certain area with a character, they don't forget what you did. If you say, kill someone at the hospital area. If you return there, the soldiers will immeadiately shoot at you once they see you.+  When one of your characters is severely wounded, your character moves very slow and rests while moving from time to time.+ When one of your characters is ill/sick, they can recover by just staying in bed.Update Features:+ You get to choose your starting group or gamble it all with a random group.+ When starting a new game with a certain group, not all maps are the same. I'm not sure but I think there are 3 different maps in the game.+ Depending on the group you choose, your shelter will be different. It can be the original big house with a lot of fixing to do and there's also another one which does not need any fixing at all.+ Each group combination has now there own backstory as to how they got together.+ You can now make your own story with the new level editor. You can create your own characters from the templates provided, choose their backstory, select which places will be available for the story, set how long and how dreadful the winter is and finally, choose how many characters will you have in the group.NOTE: I already finished the whole game before the update features were added. The new features were meant to increase the game's replayability.There's not much room for mercy. It's either you survive for another day or you die. Remember that in this world, there are no right choices but to survive."
,Recommended,282070,29160130,Posted: 10 January,all,+ C A +,"In this game you play as a group of people trying to survive in the background of a war. In order to survive you need to deal with hunger, sickness, winter temperatures, thugs, soldiers, and even depression."
,Recommended,282070,13772945,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dead acc pls find new one,"Hit me right in the feels.---- MY FIRST SERIOUS REVIEW ----Okay, this game really makes you think about your actions. There is no save button, more like this is a roguetype game. There is no restart button after you die. Instead the others mourn your passing and have to manage without you and your strength. Lets say you play Grand Theft Auto. You murder an innocent couple, then go on listening to ""Adult Education"" by Hall & Oates on the radio. This game is much different. My situation was dire. I had no food at home, except for a few pieces of raw chicken. I had to get food. I walked into a house and a man stood there while I looked at him holding a knife. He says kindly ""Please put that down..."" But he would hurt me if I did touch their items. So I stabbed him. He yells limping to the staircase ""RUN!"" and his daughter helps him up the stairs to hide. I felt so ashamed I didn't bother them any longer. I left meds for them and took some food, not all of it. I left promptly with my crew feeling ashamed.Like i said, rite in the feels ;("
,Recommended,282070,13941024,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,as,Awesome game and drama  too it doesn't trivialize war like on other games8/10
,Recommended,282070,32919550,Posted: 28 June,all,Bard,">First playthrough>9th day everything is going bad>need food>go kill elderly couple>grandma dies first,grandpa runs>begs for his life>murder him in cold blood>feel guilty11/10 would feel bad again"
76561198025798424,Recommended,282070,26355805,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sim,After 4 days my mom told me to stop playing this game because i became so depressed
,Recommended,282070,32638999,Posted: 22 June,all,Apoy,u can feel the sadness..
,Recommended,282070,13091042,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ZombieBisque,"This is an amazing game - challenging, unforgiving, and makes you think.  My first playthrough, I lasted for just over two weeks.  One of my people died while trying to save a man from a sniper, another was gravely injured fighting off looters who raided the house in the night.  I sent my third character out every night to find bandages and supplies.  In an act of desperation, I broke into a home to steal supplies, and was caught.  I murdered the man for his supplies, and his wife even though she begged me not to.  They didn't even have any medical supplies, although it didn't matter because the wounded friend died in the night.  The next morning, my last survivor was mentally broken and spent the day sitting on the floor weeping...Hung himself the next morning.You know it's a good game when you have to fix yourself a drink and evaluate your life after getting a game over.  This is one that will stick with you.  Definitely pick it up."
76561198104204234,Recommended,282070,32677002,Posted: 23 June,all,boshmi,"Oh, this war of mine. What can I say?For all of the touching moments I've had in gameplay, the one where Zlata, the musician in our group, slit her wirsts and died was one of the realest for me.For all the terror I've felt in gameplay, the moment I saw ""SNIPER"" scrawled on a wall just as I heard the gunshot, gripped me the most.and for all the potential I've seen in a game, this one keeps it all hidden away.This game will reach out to you in a way nothing I've ever experienced could come close to, but there are plenty of other reviews for you read from if you want that. On a base level? Buy this game. Right now. It will change you, and your life.But what about those of you who want something more. Something... realer than the short paragraphs we are given or the mechanical way characters interact.The saddest thing about this war of mine, is that it does it's job so well, it highlights ways it could be so much better. The basic needs; Food, warmth, shelter, cease to become important by the 30th day, as the dreary mechanical rinse and repeat cycle ruins everything that made the game special. The characters which at first seem so full of life, quickly become puppety playthings, devoid of any real meaning or character.What I mean is, this game is excellent at a base level. Replayability-wise? You'll lose interest after your second run. Relationships between characters, love interests, feelings, hope. People really just SITTING DOWN and TALKING about LIFE and LOVE and really, truly caring for each other, attempting to pull through the nightmare, the terror that has torn them from their homes and turned them against their neighbours, the loss, the sorrow they feel when a father loses a child or a bright spark takes their own life. These are the things this game stresses the most, and yet it is what it lacks. A daughterless father can drink alcohol and be totally cool with his daughter's death two days later. Two people who have been surviving together for months can be totally indifferent if their conterpart is killed in cold blood. You assign people to chat with a child not because they want to... but because the child gets a mood penalty if they don't.So I go back to ticking boxes. Going to location X, to collect Y for the survivors to Z. Min/maxing, learning exploits until each game is just far too easy, and I watch as the same endings for each character happen over and over again, until I just can't bear to play such a well-crafted husk anymore.Buy this game, and like everybody else, play it for maybe twenty hours, and let it's brilliance touch you.But know that it could be so, SO much more."
76561198106650684,Recommended,282070,35458835,Posted: 3 October,all,levireinbold,Good game.  Not dystopian.  Representative of the real moral struggle between survival and living with your decisions After survival.  War may seem exciting on tv but for those living through the non run-and-gun side of it...  Not so much.
76561198360545241,Recommended,282070,35120608,Posted: 21 September,all,Andy Wien,"It's an original, position-matched, precisely client-targeted game. Its most outstanding point is its topic and plot planning, which indicated a value system towards war and individual living among it.It has a beautiful hand-drawn picture style,it's really nice to see that, amd the pictures are really really expressional.But I personally don't feel like the long and dull playing modes, you gotta spend hours to upgrade your character, let alone there are so many characters to choose from, it's so complex, and really dull. And you have to collect all kinds of stuff to survive. I didn't play the game long enough though, I don't like the mode.But I still recommend it for that someone may like and, moreover, it's a nice game, it just doesn't fit me. It's true."
76561198156610154,Recommended,282070,12987266,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Spork,"After just finishing my first game, which took 2.5 hours and I lasted 17 days, all I have to say is holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game and the story that it tells is a heart breaking and depressing one, that makes you feel for your survivors and the ones you interact with.Just in my first game I:Killed grandparents.Gave medicine to some kids.Tried to steal from a couple in a house and ended up getting badly wounded.Lost the first survivor because I ran out of bandages.Gained a new survivor.Ran out of food.Gained a survivor.Got another survivor shot to death losing a lot of supplies.Was raided night after night after night, until my runner was injured and the two people who stayed back to guard got into a fight.I ran out of bandages again and had to trade medicine for some but when I got back the other survivor bled out.My last survivor was wounded, starving and tired.On day 16 my survivor was so broken she couldn't even feed herself.She killed herself the next day.This is some of the sadest yet most rewarding gameplay I have ever experienced andI recomend it to everyone.The part that really struck a chord with me was the fact that the end game credits aren't like most, they summarize everything that happened to you in the game and give a little story about what happened after the war to your survivors and their families, it is beautiful. But the way it described how my last survivor was the kind of person to lift spirits, and in the end couldn't even take life any longer is what sealed the game for me.One of the cooler aspects was that if you read the report about your shelter it uses ""we"". But once you have one survivor left it says ""I"" and when I noticed that I felt even more attached.I can't wait to try again, and hopefully, survive."
76561197993626564,Recommended,282070,12979340,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Regulator,"Great and unique game that I would recommend most gamers to try.I just finished the first playthrough during two marathon sessions of playing and I thoroughly enjoyed it. In a couple days I will start a new game to see how much of it becomes randomized. I won't over dramatize the story or explain in great detail every aspect of the game but it's a game, I believe, offers a little someting for everyone.I will list a few aspects of the game below-Survival game from a unique point of view-The game expects you to make good moral choices though it might not always be the best option to survive-""Antfarm"" home base similar to XCOM-Build crafting stations and craft supplies, tools, and weapons-Moderate variety of items to craft-Day time is about crafting and caring for your survivors-Night time is about scavanging and the ""action"" part to the game-Combat, if you decide, happens during night time scavanging. Most of the time you try to avoid it at all cost since you're usually outnumberedThe game is cool and I really enjoyed it though I'm not certain there is a whole lot of replayablity. In fact at this moment there are two game breaking mechanics that make it easy to gain resources. One is an obvious bug/glitch and the other is just an NPC that always desperately needs the same item over and over and will trade you just about anything for this simple item of yours. You can visit them every night and he will always need medical supplies and seems to replenish his stock of common resources that you can easily stockpile off him. This isn't a bug but they need to change it where he only trades this way one time and shouldn't constantly needs the same thing. The needs of the NPCs should be more dynamic.This next part I will explain the glitch that nobody has seemed to mentionThe 3 or 4 NPC that barter at the ""market place/town square"" were all bugged and would trade their whole inventory for basically 1 of any item. It broke the game because I could go night after night and literally trade 1 water (or 1 sugar cube, etc...) for 5 bandages and 3 pill bottles, or 1 item for an entire trading window of wood or gears, etc....I will do another play through soon to see if this happens again but for my first playthrough I was able to exploit this (though I only did when things got very difficult) for all my important resources and then trade the good stuff for the few things you can't get with the glitch. I hope they fix it soon because it broke the game.I hope they make some DLCs for the game that greatly expand the places you can visit as well as add more variety to the items you can craft. The game is lots of fun and I do not regret purchasing.Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,282070,12953383,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Zaitsev,"A unique style of animation along with difficult, procedurally generated, survival scenarios. This is an excellent survival game that requires the player to think their decisions through, and live with the consequences of their actions. Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,282070,13859060,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Barboro³⁷,"Awesome game, even though I'm not into Point & Click games; this one has completely sucked me in. Well worth it, so many feels ;_;"
,Recommended,282070,12975884,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SpookyTaur,Dammit game!Why you hit the feels!?Epic game.
,Recommended,282070,24022080,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Evenz,"""In war, not everyone is a soldier"".God of indies."
,Recommended,282070,23978120,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gerry,This Feel of Mine
76561198057223098,Recommended,282070,13465514,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Clout Lord 69420 xd,Damn 11-bit knows how to make a good game this is one of the only games that made me on the verge of crying multiple times for doing some horrible♥♥♥♥♥♥for food and supplies.This game is gr8 m8 i r8 it a 18/8.
,Recommended,282070,27737326,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Arch4ngeL,The Atmosphere in this game is so good. you can feel the war everywhere in the game. reminded me sarajevo
,Recommended,282070,13132224,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Crodo,This game makes you relize how bad things can get and how much people will do just to stay alive.
,Recommended,282070,17765861,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,AKARI,bikin lupa waktu ini gamemantap dahcoba ada multinya makin gimana gituhaha
,Recommended,282070,13265434,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,bohndage,"Fantastic.  Yes, it does get a wee bit repetitve after a couple weeks into the experience, but even that helps the immersion in my opinion.  The game relies heavily on your application of imagination and willingness to role play.  I love games that drop you into the world and you provide your own story.  Do you want to be ruthless or go hungry to avoid hitting that one untouched locale with good people just trying to survive?  Do you intervene when people in the world are victimized or take a ""better you than me"" approach and go about your business while the bad folks are distracted?It's very much a sim and not a typical war game.  I enjoy it immensely, but once again I'll warn you that the game expects you to bring something to the table to maximize your expeience.  The random nature of the game also allows for a great amount of replay value.A bargain at 20 bucks.  Do it."
76561198121239360,Recommended,282070,33150862,Posted: 2 July,all,LpWolf,The most meaningful game I played up to now. It is a game that can make empathy while you play. The game was inspired by the Sarajevo siege during the Bosnian War between 1992-96. This beautiful game focusing on the civilian experience of war rather than front-line combat. You should experince it.
,Recommended,282070,33148133,Posted: 2 July,all,Fresh Vegetables,I cry every time
,Recommended,282070,13747644,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,EddieDDUB,This little war of mine! I'm gonna let shine! Let it shine! Let it shine! Let it shine!
76561198067334627,Recommended,282070,13612024,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SpArTaMaTa,Best Indie game i ever player <3
76561198050803043,Recommended,282070,12958636,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,rogkgar,Only played to day 7 and some hard choices had to be made. Unfortunitly made the wrong choice for my group. It is a good game I recommend getting it. It will take several atempts to get past the first few days as there is no help or guide for it. you learn as you go and live/die with your choice.
76561198036127811,Recommended,282070,23135271,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Video kill the radio star,THIS GAME is good i think
76561197974119840,Recommended,282070,16433389,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NuclearPony,"This game and papers please should seriously be a part of a secondary school social studies curriculum. Ive actually made a personal study of stuff like the wars in georgia and serbia and this game does a great job with the atmosphere of dread one could expect from living through that.But this game also takes it a step further and proves why games are an awesome medium for serious art, in any other medium if the story ended with everyone dying of either murder or starvation your reaction would probably be ""Oh, I guess it was intended to be a downer story.""But here, where survival is in your hands and your control your reaction to every setback is very visceral. You're cursing the cold, you hate those thugs and want to get back at them and youre just in a daze about eight hours in wondering how much longer could this war possibly go on, its gotta be almost over right? The feeling of helplessness as a player really does a lot to help it sink into you just how terrible these conditions would be to live through.""Everyone should choose one happy memory. And it can't be good, it has to be grand. When it gets so bad you just want to sit down and cry, when your life seems forfeit, you close your eyes and go back to your happy moment. It's not easy, but you have to try.""  - MarkoAnd then he died, like the NEXT day. Out gathering supplies in an abandoned church and from seemingly out of nowhere gets stomped to the ground by some guy with a shotgun who just executes him in cold blood.This game is HARSH. And I love it for being that way."
,Recommended,282070,12949300,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,パンツお食べる,"Gets depressed and complains about becoming bandits, use stolen goods to make a sofa, robs again the next night.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,24049476,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SlideShow,This game is very well made and very fun to play. Its better then just running into a battle shooting people. Very challenging and will make you paly for hours.
76561198006634560,Recommended,282070,13145821,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[RoCT] The_KitKat_Kidd,"Enjoying the challenge, totaly random generation from get go, you gotta survive best u can with what u got eachtime, i've yet to get far or near an end (if there is one?) first few playthrought thus far ppl got sick, starved, or executed on scavangeing runs so still got to get some stratagy going.In the meantime good game im enjoying it & i'd reccomend it to others who like survival type games."
,Recommended,282070,16494410,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Luminaire,"This War Of Mine opens with an Ernest Hemingway quote: “In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.” This is very much indicative of the way the game consciously rejects the action-packed setpieces of countless blockbuster shooters that glorify and romanticize war in favor of portraying war realistically through the eyes of civilians trapped in a conflict they have no say in or part of, fighting for survival and experiencing life at its most cruel.Like a good arthouse film or album of experimental music, This War Of Mine is very much a mood game. It strongly evokes feelings of intense unease, dread, and despair, so while I wouldn't say that playing it is necessarily a fun experience, it is an immensely absorbing and compelling one. In a starkly pencil-sketched nation ravaged by civil war (no specific war in human history, just a nameless armed conflict with some Soviet-esque flourishes), you control a party of survivors and are tasked with item management, regulating their eating & sleeping regiment, nursing their wounds, making decisions about the fates of other survivors they encounter, and essentially keeping them alive. They are just as likely to die from crossfire during a scavenging excursion for vital medication as they are from taking their own lives out of desperation over the bleakness of their situation.While the game ultimately does what it sets out to do, maintaining strong gravitas throughout, it falls short in some areas, primarily characterization. The cast of playable characters all feel cut from the same cloth – we're presented with a photo of each (12 in all) accompanied by a paragraph-long bio. Apart from that and some minor differences in their behavior and habits, they are quite one-dimensional, moving & acting much like each other and repeating most of the dialogue. For instance, when the 'depressed' condition pops up under 'hungry' or 'slightly sick' in one character's stats and you have another console him or her, their very brief conversation always plays out in two or three specific ways and you're left to your own devices to fill in the narrative. Also, much is touted about decision-making being part of the simulated war experience, that you'll find yourself torn about choosing to steal from others or deny them help in order to ensure your own survival, but I personally didn't flinch in these scenarios because the strangers in them are even less well-drawn than the main characters in your own party. Whether this is a price of the game being a small, independent production or an overlooked element that could've been more developed, it stands out all the more because the rest of the game is so strong.You won't always be in the mood to play This War Of Mine, but when you are, it hits the spot like no other game I've experienced. I applaud 11 Bit Studio's choice to take a bold, unexplored approach to this subject matter in this medium, further demonstrating that videogames are a valid art form capable of evoking feelings, setting atmosphere, and telling stories just as vividly and stylishly as any other."
,Recommended,282070,12957775,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Anfronio,Amazing survival game that legitimately makes you feel like a terrible human being sometimes.
,Recommended,282070,28756541,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,nibbers be like,Aleppo simulator 2016
,Recommended,282070,33787768,Posted: 25 July,all,Hafian,"Good job this is best survival game ever i play, made me cry and sad however that human sometimes be kind or sometime be evil, that's way we learn about life and peace. The war begun coz human choose be evil, no one can't stop war, but u survive in war that u could stop human being evil, that's actually learn about  ourself. For life and freedom."
,Recommended,282070,13578942,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,SAM PAPANOMALY WOLFSJUNGE,You can stole medicins from old sick people and die of a headshot trying to save a woman from being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a soldier.Great game! 10/10
,Recommended,282070,15260715,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Silentnight,Day 1= Stabbed an old couple to death DAMMIT wrong house thought this was the one with the woman and the shotgunDay 1 night = everyone commited suicideDay 2= war ended
,Recommended,282070,12958533,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dokam,♥♥♥♥ This War!10/10 For Addictive Survival Game. Ever play Safe House Diaries? Well this is like that except with no Zombies and much better Gameplay.
,Recommended,282070,32633547,Posted: 21 June,all,Chi,An extremely shocking game. It makes you rethink about what you do and how you are lucky.
76561198054331170,Recommended,282070,13168088,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Murdercool,"This game is beautiful. It's full of lots of different emotions which make you love or dislike different characters. It's different every time you play it. The items, characters and locations change each time you play through it. It becomes an addicting game which you keep playing until you beat the game or beat your last playthrough time. Highly recommend!"
76561197989072565,Recommended,282070,15199793,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,MarketGardenGaming,"This game is so sad. I don't mean that in a negative way, either. It forces you to make tough decisions. Will you try and play the righteous path, where you barter and trade with your neighbors? Good.However, what if the trader doesn't have what you need at the moment? You don't want to let your group starve, do you? Well let's go scavenge a nearby building for food and supplies. You sneak into the structure, gathering food and building materials to just try and get you buy. You aren't taking everything, heck, you can't even carry that much.As you're searching through the cabinets for the canned goods and medicine you need, a hostile opens the door to your right and attempts to unload a magazine of ammunition at you. Through quick thinking, you descend down the stairs and wait for him in the dark corner so you can achieve the element of surprise on your well armed oppenent. He rounds the corner, and you stab him until he collapses onto the floor with a gurgling thud. You begin looting his ammunition when you hear more footsteps descending down the stairs. You ready yourself for the second onslaught, but it passes you by an collapses on your former opponents corpse into a sobbing heap. When the red haze of bloodlust clears, you realize that it was an elderly man and his wife. She moans uncontrollably and laments the fact that her love is now gone. He wasn't a hostile looter, he was an elderly man in a secluded building trying to make sure no one stole his sick wifes medication.You then have an epiphany. You realize that he wasn't an evil doer bent on ending your life. You realize that you, in fact, are the bandit.Edit: Before the trolls come out from under their bridges, no this actual scenario doesn't happen in the game. I wrote a short fictional story to avoid spoilers. This TYPE of thing does happen, however."
76561198005906069,Recommended,282070,18236938,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Power Of Syndra,"I love the dark and sad design of this game. It gives you are really good feeling of the terrors and sadness of war. It has so much heart and a big replay value (especially after the ""own story"" upgrade). Getting into the game is pretty hard, your first playthrough will be shocking and sad. But after a while you get used to the mechanic and will have hours of enjoyment (in a way of adventure and tension).So much I try to love this game - It is very frustrating. I have died so many times scavanging because I did not know how to react. The gameplay at this part is way to sensible and you die so fast in combat. Unfortunatelly it is WAY to frustrating to play because of no real tutorial / gameplay help.Still recommendable!"
,Recommended,282070,23394116,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,xNightmare020x,"> start game> reporter, jock and chef> reporter goes out and steals food> others give her♥♥♥♥♥♥> all starving> old man appears, joins> send old man to get♥♥♥♥♥♥> gets shot> runs away and survives, barely> gets home bleeding> no antibiotics> day passes, he still bleeding out> others just gave up> old man dies> jock abandons the group> chef and reporter depressed> chef gets drunk> day passed> dies of starvation during the night> reporter is bawling> commits suicide during the night10/10 guilt trip simulator"
,Recommended,282070,32728113,Posted: 24 June,all,DosS,"You will be in a real ""WAR""(not totaly war) . After played this game u know mean of War.So game is good but not a perfect , developer may add co-op mod (plz) game will come a perfect.. thx ..7/10"
76561198124147096,Recommended,282070,32771725,Posted: 25 June,all,FatherLee,♥♥♥♥ THE WAR!!!!!!
,Recommended,282070,13025065,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,xEssaHailx,wowthis game is waaaaay awesomeemotional ):recommended
,Recommended,282070,23753895,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sallzz,"great game, deep and challenging!"
,Recommended,282070,23732001,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,luizgabrielhehe,"The closer your charactes get to starvation or death, the less sympathetic you become towards other people.As your situation becomes harsher by the day, thoughts of stealing and killing go from ""unthinkable"" to ""absolutely necessary"".A brilliant take on the horrors of war from the civilians point of view.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,32399354,Posted: 13 June,all,Kanuni,"This review does not contain any Spoilers.First of all:If you have never played this game it is very important,that you play without spoilers or tutorials!!!The game impresses you the most, when you have no clue how to play the game,how to craft items and how to survive. You will have to learn all by yourself with sometimes cruel, sad and depressive outcomes.So do yourself a favour and stop reading reviews containing spoilers!!!!Also:DONT USE CHEATS OR WORKSHOP ADDONS(such as extended backpack) or it will destroy the experience by making the game too simple.There is a reason why the developers made item stacking difficult.Surely there are some flaws and after 4-5 playthroughs it gets pretty repetitve.But till then you will experience war from a totally different angle and feel the pain of being a civilian in a warzone.Visuals90Sound85Gameplay90Replayability95TOTAL90Pros:+unique and deep athmosphere+good crafting system+very nice pencil-art visuals+very athmosperic and fitting soundtrack+complicated and challenging morality-system+different combination of survivors with different skills+various locations with different setups at each new play+simple but intuitive and deep GUI+steam workshop with lots of addonsContras:-clunky and sometimes unprecise controls-after playing all location setups it gets pretty repetitve-some gamebreaking exploits-no ""fast forwarding"" during daytime-bad and unpleasant combat system-no voiceacting-singleplay only-no free saving sytem / only autosavingRegardless of the flaws, the game is very challenging and addictive.With no doubt - one of the most intense and atmospheric games ive ever played.Dont let my steam playtime of 12h fool you.I already owned the game before i rebought the Steam-Version.My playtime of this game is around 150h (including the android version i own).Recommended9/10"
76561198261699080,Recommended,282070,23950793,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,~Gamma~,"one died in combat during researching for suplies, the second one bled to death due to lack of bandages and the third became depressed of death around and couldn't hold for any longer so he decided to suicidefirst time i survived for 15 days, 42 days for the second, maybe now i will make it finallyi recomend it 10/10"
76561198028163535,Recommended,282070,30678578,Posted: 22 March,all,Ignatius@KC,Good game with a unique ambience that really puts you in the unseen and unglamorized aspect of war that is all too real.
,Recommended,282070,12951361,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,joop,"This game is absolutely brutal, and unforgiving.  As a trio of civilians living in shell of a house, you start from scratch and essentially progress through the game by gradually improving your hideout, as you simultaneously stave off disease, depression, looters and hunger.  Balancing all of these competing threats is significantly easier said than done.The game really evokes the grim reality of a modern war, in both its art style and gameplay.  Losing one of your civilians is actually quite emotionally profound; each civilian ha their own backstory and specific skill, but also hopes and dreams, as well as interesting quirk (e.g. smokes, or enjoys reading).  Keeping them alive is tough, but in my first playthrough it was not disease or depression that killed my poor family, but blundering into armed thugs and being shot for their troubles.  As inglorious and abrupt as these ends were, it didn't break the immersion whatsoever; people die in stupid ways in war.  What's more, the civilian deaths deeply affect your fellow characters, severely depressing them.  Let this go unattended for too long, and they may commit suicide.  Brutal.As wonderfully depressing and harsh as this game is (and long; a dev. commentary stated that the war could progress for as long as mere weeks to months!), I did feel that the weapon, and shooting, mechanics could be explained a little better.  I don't really know when the best situations are to use firearms, how to acquire all the necessary parts or even how to use them.  BUT, this is a minor complaint, and reflective of the fact i chose to ignore firearms completely in favour of scavenging as much as I could peacefully, then getting the hell outa there.All in all, a really emotionally profound game thats incredibly depressing, and tough to play for extended periods of time.  I highly recommend it!!"
76561198064376571,Recommended,282070,13010858,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,illuminity,"Amazing game well worth the 20$makes you think about your decisions, just makes your think overall.got attacked from homeless people for taking their booze haha, robbed elderly twice, just so i could survive, killed the guards of a hospital so i could raid it :/just a overall great game.PS: first review"
76561197985536136,Recommended,282070,33438824,Posted: 10 July,all,Typhus,Distillery simulator 2014
76561198076349205,Not Recommended,282070,32876124,Posted: 27 June,all,NoobieNooB ツ Pluviophile,"Well i bought this game with such high expectations but it couldnt give me nearly anyAt first i thought i would be able the freely fight against people when they attack my base or when i attack their base but it unfortunately wont let you fight in your own base and even if you fortify your base to max people still keep coming and looting your goods if you dont put a guardian every nightSecondly i really hoped for some achievement style building and some competition but unfortunatly game wont let you have joy this time either i mean i had my base fully covered with every needs and else and my looter guy was ready to fight also i have already looted the easy bases and it was time to head to the other harder ones yet when i first arrived there the game basically ♥♥♥♥ed over me out of reason i mean it wouldnt even let me compete against it there was no figth at all just slaughter ..On third the game doesnt even let you loot with multiple people at the same time i mean wtf !!? make it harder and let me loot with multiple people at least ... i cannot carry enough♥♥♥♥♥♥with only one people and it doesnt worth to take a risk against military/armed civilian when i m in need of pricey stuffsThe last but not the least your so called neighbours come asking for help time to time but you just accept or decline their offer that s all nothing changes basically sometimes they give you items or provides some morality for your team which means exactly NOTHING !! i mean i have played Sheltered before which was waaay more fun than this it was even more chalenging than this one .. such bummer for me it has so many potential yet they couldnt provideAll in all i would give 4/10 you build a good team , good base , loot lots of stuff for getting rekt by some random dudes in random houses or bases the game doesnt eve cares at all wheter you picked the wrong path or not basically you are ♥♥♥♥ed either ways ! thx devs for ruining my pleasure !"
76561198043853094,Recommended,282070,25418942,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rokkit_Launcha!,"The game seems overhelming at first, but once you know the economy within the game, it's piece of cake :)most of the essential items are craftable (water, raw food, veggies). two other most essential materials (wood and components) are widely available from loot and trade. I've finished most of scenarios easily.The secret of my success? Hoard assault rifles from bandits & soldiers. They are easy to kill with stealth and shotgun shots (in some maps like the Brothel & Army Base  it allows you to hide on the floor above the bad guys and shoot down on them. it only takes 2-3 shots to kill bad guys using shotgun) . Once you got their weapons, you can barter them  with lots & lots of wood & components to make your shelter well-protected from night raids, and build advanced equipments like the veggie garden.once you got water filter, rat trap, veggie garden, and lots of assault rifles, it's all cake walk :)"
,Recommended,282070,15149137,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Quib,Is good.I kill many.I take much.Then I eat.Is good.War is good.
,Recommended,282070,25245403,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MrJingles[NZ],"This game is amazingly presented, you can get an emotional connection to the characters, I find it hard not to just start over when I loose a character. As other reviews say you'll prob get smashed the first few run thoughs as you find you feet, but I am facinated by the management system. When it comes down to it, when you've got no food, no meds, you can either die or grab your assult rifle and pillage. It plays on the human aspect of caring and does a wonderful job of illustrating how war impacts not only the soilders but the civilians.Couldnt close this game, addictive as hell.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13009711,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,K Ś M,Sneaked behind a grieving mother and whacked her around the head with a crowbar. - 10/10 IGN
76561198003667013,Recommended,282070,13003092,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Plaxize,"After i bought this one, I'm stop playing war game."
,Recommended,282070,13002214,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,moomat,"Big at heart, but shallow on content. TWoM is an artistically ambitious game, with some amazing and stark visual effects, but after a few plays through you'll find yourself at the bottom of the content barrel. The general tone, capturing the enui of living day-to-day life in a war zone, is captured beautifully, while the crafting system and world exploration system are both imaginative. You'll just want more after 20 hours or so. One pickadillo: the English is a little wonky in certain bits of dialog, and even awkward English aside, the dialog could be much better fleshed out. It's like a 3.5/5 stars, but try it anyways if for no other reason that it's an entirely unique concept."
,Recommended,282070,31926725,Posted: 23 May,all,BSnake.rayveness.xxx,Met a crazed lunatic at a hotel. Proceeded to steal all of his♥♥♥♥♥♥and killed him afterwards with a sneak attack. FeelsAmazingMan.
76561197977724919,Recommended,282070,24330193,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,|MG| JeffMakesGames,"So I sent Roman to the Super Market, because we could really use food.  Just in case though, he took a crowbar to pick locks with, or to defend  himself if needed.  As he entered the market and began to look through a junk pile, voices are heard on the other side of a door.  Upon sneaking over and peeking through the keyhole, we see a soldier talking to someone, a female scavenger that is looking through a junk pile.The soldier appears to be a bit... drunk.  The soldier askes what the scavenger is looking for, and she says food.  The soldier then offers her food... but in exchange for a 'favor', offering her to come with him to dine and have some fun.  Oh dear, that... does not sound right.She declines, but the soldier gets aggressive with her, not taking no for an answer.  The soldier tells her that she will starve if she does not go with him.  She again, tries to decline his offer.  He gets angry and attacks her with the butt of his rifle.Time for action!I quietly opened the door and proceeded to walk up behind the soldier and promptly yelled ""I AM GORDON FREEMAN"" as I knocked him down and proceeded to bash his head in.  The female scavenger got up and fled the store. I proceeded to searched the soldier and earned myself a spiffy assault rifle with ammo.  Also, found some canned food while scavenging the store.We celebrated the next morning with a feast, now having a better way to protect the shelter.11/10.  Would be Gordon Freeman again."
,Recommended,282070,20493732,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,😈 𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐜 😇,"buy now ... buy now ...buy now ....this game gave me the in depth of how good people will turn on each other during war ...scavenge the city...kill or be killed ... just loved it ... the things i like about this game that each day you have to make the most of it before it ends prepare your sh!t in the morning at night you scavenge and hunt for your survival,,,get food ,cook food and eat the food ... find meds...use the meds and kill for the meds ... rob old people and good people to survive ...stealing is a major thing in this game ... but i loved how soft this game it ...after 4 hours of playing through 22 days and its still in the beginning ... i decided to replay this game from the beginning again because i learned stuff that i wish i learend in the beginning of the game and some of my team died they do not re-spawn lol ... so the replay value is there ...and i have decided to post multiple videos of this amazing game on my gaming channel.Check out my YouTube channel (Hovac One) & Gameplay Playlist hope you enjoy it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYD0RBtnBkY&list=PL6SSkFqkg_mUQBzBhieEmKuJCQqCwgjiW&index=2"
76561198075161457,Not Recommended,282070,25462947,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,c0re,"Poor gameplay, quickly becomes a repetitive grinding game. The ""n-th day"" interludes will bore you to death.Impossible to use anything else than left mouse click to play this game, lots of fun finding the borders of each character.Please: don't make any other game like this, it's garbage!"
,Not Recommended,282070,29075810,Posted: 6 January,all,hypertext capable,"This game does not go to any great lengths to depict the horrors of war through the eyes of a civilian trapped behind the lines as it intended to. Environments and themes lack detail, RNG can entirely ♥♥♥♥ you up in combat even when more properly equipped than your foe, and movement is imprecise and clunky. Slapping stealth and combat mechanics on to what is effectively The Sims: Civil War didn't turn out well."
76561198085610932,Recommended,282070,13001481,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,thom,"Broke into an old couple's home and punched them, thinking it'd just knock them out.Come back from the raid and find out they died.Welcome to Geriatric Killer Simulator 2014."
,Recommended,282070,13170032,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ELLILOL,"omfg, best game ever."
76561198346639265,Recommended,282070,27791324,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skyvlee,"War = Sadness,Suffering,Death"
76561198092217284,Recommended,282070,28353789,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Heckman,Depressing game (:
,Recommended,282070,32612312,Posted: 21 June,all,Mute,일단 이 게임은 진짜 갓겜이다.아직 약 2시간 정도 밖에 안해봤지만 플레이도중 노부부의 집에 파밍을 하러가는 일이 생긴다.여기서 파밍을 하고 사리사욕을 채울 수 있지만 그들의 생필품을 훔쳐가는 것이 되고...반대로 파밍을 하지않고 그들의 생필품을 가만히 두면 플레이어가 손해를 보거나 힘들어진다.필자는 노부부의 집을 털고...(쥬륵...) 사리사욕을 채웠지만 그들의 생필품을 훔쳤다는것에 게임하는 동안 양심의 가책을 충분히 느낄수 있었다.이러한 사례들로 전쟁의 참혹함과 인간성 붕괴를 엿볼 수 있는 갓겜이다.하지만 반대로 몇 가지의 단점이 있다면...캐릭터끼리의 상호작용 도중에 캐릭터 모션이 버그로 인해 잠시 이상해지거나...적과 교전상태에서 가까이 있다면 여로모로 컨트롤도 불편하다.그리고 요리를 만들고 무기를 만드는 과정이 일일이 수동적이다 보니... 게임이 조금 귀찮아 진다.필자와 같이 하나하나 조종하는 것이 귀찮은 플레이어가 있을거라 믿어 의심치 않는다.하지만 이 게임은 갓겜이기 때문에 점점 게임에 몰입하게 되고 귀찮음 따위는 잠시 잊어버리게 된다.그러니까 결론은...이번에 80퍼센트나 할인하는데 사는것을 추천한다!
,Not Recommended,282070,26300596,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lolfighter,"This War of Mine ends up falling into the most common trap that games with permanent death fall into: Random chance screwing you over. When you go scavenging for resources you get an overview of what you can expect to find at each location, but this overview does nothing to inform you whether you will actually be able to take any of those resources or whether they have already been claimed by others and you will have to leave empty-handed.The game lost its impact once I realized that success and failure depended on luck rather than my decisions. A valid statement about war, but not something that makes for compelling gameplay. Might have worked better as a book or a television series."
76561198134110389,Recommended,282070,13000414,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Cocaine Patrick,"Killed 3 bandits Day 19, get killed by single hospital worker day 20.10/10"
76561198092155942,Recommended,282070,15302628,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Eliteman37,"This game is an amazing representation of what war does to civilians, how they have to choose to save them selves or others, i would definatly recomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,282070,17436361,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,A Canned Sandwich,One of the best games I have played in a long time and I definitely recommend this masterpiece.
,Recommended,282070,20413481,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Handsome Baby,"I have watched pavle get killed while scavenging for food, Bruno die from severe wounds and no bandages to treat him, and Katia committing suicide. This game is heartbreaking, difficult and cruel. I absolutely love it. I will criticize the extreme depression one of my characters experienced, not from killing a whole crew of evil deranged criminals, but from 'stealing' or rather taking what was left of their supply in their territory after they were all killed. There was no remorse for killing them but taking their things after they were dead was apparently too cruel for them. I kept hitting my forehead each time I went back to collect some more things. It was ridiculous. Nontheless, it is a very interesting game and I do really enjoy the concept so I will have to recommend it and hope that we see more games like it."
,Recommended,282070,25683339,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,velocity,"Reminds me of a grittier version of Bethesda's Fallout Shelter for mobile devices.  I seem to like this game better though.  Each character has a skill or ability to bring to the table, and there are unlimited ways for this game to play out.  I recommend giving this game a try, its the most strategic and intuitive experience I have had in a while."
,Recommended,282070,13735645,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,VACationSenpai 2 #VACCollector,Gets very boring after day 10.... but it is a fun game overall.
76561198038090132,Recommended,282070,15538869,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,The Mechanic,"Great Atmospheric game. one of the best simulation games. at first i doubt the game... but turn out to be pretty addictive and amazing, if you looking for a survival game. this is it.."
76561198179507045,Recommended,282070,23423678,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,stinton,"I am a man of few reviews, the only way i'd make the effort of writing one is if the game was something else, outstanding, miles apart from the rest... Or if the game was so abysmal! (which i haven't found any yet) This game is AMAZING, i bought it a while back i think in October 2015, just rediscovered it in my libary. I am definatly gonna order a pizza on the weekend and have a few playthroughs of it! It's definatly worth the money guys and gals! Buy it NOW, you wont regret it!"
76561198064520164,Recommended,282070,23429604,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,thatguyoverthere,"I didn't expect much from this game except for it to be a casual survival sim. Little did I know it would make hate myself after each night I went out to scavenge. It's an extremely gripping game where characters feel human. Your choices matter and one wrong move can send everything spiraling down. It's extremely emotional and can provoke the thought ""Was that really the right thing to do?"" like no other game I've seen. It's nearly haunting how desperate and hopeless this game can make you feel through the players experiences. 10/10 would come close to crying like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ again."
76561198032036286,Recommended,282070,13023851,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Hawk,"Amazing game, good survival game that forces you to weigh choices"
,Recommended,282070,19029323,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kitty,"I liked it, but it didn't wow me like I thought it would. Art is good, controls are good, and strategy is key."
76561198008910253,Recommended,282070,19031294,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,St. Jimmy,The best anti-war game ever
76561198045339941,Recommended,282070,18962728,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Chiken,Great game.
76561198050897221,Recommended,282070,16359255,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,adam west,amazing game one of the best surivial game but its annoying that you cant send more then person go scavngeing but other then that a great game
,Recommended,282070,13738388,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,WarScribe,"""This War of Mine"" is a beautiful yet brutal, unforgiving game that will hit you right in the feels. It lures you in with it's simplicity, and then BAMM! before you know it half your group is sick or wounded, food is short, bandits hit your shelter night after night, and you genuinely care about who lives or dies, you find yourself sending the weak out to scavenge so that the strong can persevere. you find yourself judging people not on who they are but what they bring top the group, who cares about a lawyer when the little girl of the group will straight up murderise people to bring your group the food they so desperately need.For me this game gives a real insight into the harshness of war, and not from the soldiers perspective, but from the civillians, who didn't choose to live in a war zone, had this forced on them. The game will make you question your values, how far will you go to survive? Too often in a game it is easy to make the ""right"" choice, stand on the moral highground, ""This war of mine"" offers no such opportunity, if you take the moral high road, you might find that it brings nothing but your death. Sometimes however you make your choice and are rewarded for your humanity in such an inhumane situation. As the games webpage states ""in war there are no right or wrong choices, only survival"" and this game holds very true to this.As for the game itself, multiple starting groups/locations, random elements of the game, and the very changing nature of the situations themselves give a high level of replayability. The simplicity of the control system aids the immersiveness of this game, without hindering the experience of gameplay and allows the lack of tutorial mode to work. The fact that this game essentially throws you in at the deep end with no real hints as to how to proceed, really adds to the games overall experience. You actually have to listen to your group to understand there needs and wants. With a learning curve that is spot on, allowing new players to get to grips, yet not punishing experienced players by making them sit through endless exposition and explanation, this game really reminds of game from my own childhood where gameplay and story are paramount.In short, buy this game, it is immersive, enjoyable and rewarding"
76561198093755637,Recommended,282070,15412657,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,SSJ2 Gundalf,"I already love this game, but I do not know what to say about it... I'd never saw this kind of game in my life, so it was an entirely new experience for me. The first thing I noticed was that it makes me care like no game before - I am going to sayit without shame - I cried somethimes during playing.When you've got no food and you have to steal from innocent, when you have to kill them, because they are defending their property, when you have to drive out a bunch of kids, which are asking for medicines for their sick mother - just because you do NOT have them... and last but not least, when someone of your own gets killed during scavenge by some random thug... This game make me feel the war in my hearth - and I've got scared of it. War is hell. It is the ultimate evil of mankind.I highly recommend this piece of art. I am not going to give it a mark though, because that is not a point here. Game itself has some bugs, some♥♥♥♥♥♥off moments, but that does not matter. When you will kill your first innocent civilian to steal his/her food just because your own people are starving to death - you will question yourself. You will ask - would I do this in real life? Would I kill someone to stay alive?...This game has a lot to offer, but only if you are interest in mindfood. For that, I can actually give it 11/10."
,Recommended,282070,16393008,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Major Flamboyant Douche Canoe,The only war game that made any sense.
,Recommended,282070,19161558,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,ToffeeFiveOh,"My game of the year for 2014.  Engaging gameplay, and moral challenges that will acctually test your constitution.  Thoughtful storylines and high replaybility make this game worth every penny.  Do not be mislead by the social messaging of trailers and other advertisments.  While an important, somber retelling of the seige of sarejevo, This War of Mine is at its core still a game, a great one, and not strictly a commentary on the inhumanity of war."
76561198258046105,Recommended,282070,19295154,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mr Robot,"Admist a horrifying civil war, people trapped in the city are surrounded by disease, hunger, and danger around every corner! This War of Mine is a dark, eerie game full of dark colors and difficult choices. Start off your day clearing out a nice area for a couple of chairs and clear rubble that has engulfed parts of your safehouse, but when night comes you must go out into the dangers shadowing by the darkness of night and look for desperately needed supplies to further help your rag tag group of survivors live on for another day. Every choice matters in this beautifully detailed story of survival, help others by trading supplies or giving supplies away for the hopes of humanity. This War of Mine is great for any type of gamer out there, its casual, its dark, its amazing."
,Recommended,282070,19325797,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Idionym,Good game.
,Recommended,282070,14377067,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Squids have curves,"That's the first game where I felt guilty after killing someone.It's also the first game where miserable after letting one of my character die because of overconfidence.Also it's the first game where I killed someone's mother to steal some sugar to make alcohol, which led my character to commit suicide out of guilt.Remorse Simulator 2015"
76561198003269414,Recommended,282070,17702435,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Alley Viper,"At it's heart, this game is an Adventure point and click where decisions matter, mixed with a heavy emphasis on resource management to be able to win.  It is a very atmospheric game with great visuals and music.  The real life photos add so much to the style and realism of the game.  I genuinely felt dread and fear for my characters through their adventures, and felt real releif when it was all over and they all had happy endings.  It was a great experiance to play.But as with most games there are a few negatives.  The game almost requires one or two restarts before you learn the ins and outs of the game, there is no tutorial and certain things are not intuitive.  You will over build buildings your first playthrough and get caught offgaurd with certain events like winter or raiders.  To learn sneaking and combat you might have to restart as well, as things can go bad very quickly and not knowing the controls or how to properly control your character in combat comes with trial and error.  Upon your second playthorugh you know exactly what to do and what not to build.  I personally enjoy learning curves but can see people turned off if they are not use to losing everything their first few go arounds.Anyways, I recommend this game, it is fun and has many scenarios to replay!"
,Recommended,282070,15066905,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Raldor Splint,9.7/10Recommend to everyone. Don't feel overwhelmed through lets plays! I did and I missed out on this great experience for so long! really have to play it forst hand to get the best (sometimes worse) feeling!
76561198147014909,Recommended,282070,14228333,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jebez,Simply beautiful
76561198067082123,Recommended,282070,13090493,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,http://www.bodybuilding.com/,"This game is an excellent blend of stealth, resource management, base building and decision making. You play as a group of civilians trapped in a city beseiged by an ongoing war. Scavenge, trade, craft and even lie and kill your way to survival. The question is, how far would you go to survive? This War of Mine asks this question constantly, and it means it.One highlight is how good the game is in connecting you with your survivors. I have felt despair, anguish, sadness and hope in my playthroughs. It's remarkable how the game accomplishes this although each playthough can be very differerent. The game sets you up with a different set of survivors each time you play, and many events and locations are randomly generated to a certain extent. You may see the same location in a subsequent playthrough but the events and circumstances might be different, prompting you to use a different strategy whist visiting. A market square bustled with survivors eagerly engaging in black market trade might become a dangerous, deserted spot preyed upon by hostile snipers in your next game.I thoroughly enjoyed my time with This War of Mine. Everything feels fresh and new, and I feel I'm a kid again eagerly discovering everything for the first time. This is the sleeper hit of the year."
,Recommended,282070,16805017,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Humanitas_,"This War of Mine is a war-simulation I've been waiting for. Here, you get to experience how the other side of the war feels like. You play as a group of civilians who have occupied a building in a city ravaged by civil war.During the day, you can explore the house for anything left behind and you can build furniture and workbenches to let you craft beds, oven, herb gardens, traps etc. Everything you build and upgrade in the house cost resources. These resources can be looted at night. You choose which character you want to leave the house with and assign others to guard-duty or sleeping.At night you control the character you sent out for scavenging and choose what to bring home. You have to prioritize if you want to bring food for all survivors or materials for crafting/building.When scavenging, you can choose between different locations to visit. Some may hold aggressive looters looking to fend you off. Others, guards that look after civilians and make sure you don't steal anything during your visit. Lastly, some places hold families from whom you can choose to steal everything they own or leave them with some of the loot.All the characters have mental health that is affected by actions you make them do. You always have to look after your characters and try to keep them fed, content/happy and look after their special needs.The only thing missing in this game, is a multiplayer mode.9/10"
76561198042791568,Recommended,282070,15251842,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Samuraibutts,"TL/DR Buy this game if you like games that pull on your heartstrings or survival games(edit) Ideas for improvement/ more content-make the house u didnt get a random event area u can scavenge at night-add a time speed up button during the day phase-more characters-Add weight to the weapons to make it seem a bit more realistic-Trait ideas: Farmer ( less water consumption when growing things)Lumberjack (increased wood/fuel from furniture you hatchet)Nurse (similar to bruno just when making meds)weapon expert (slightly increased range and dmg with guns)Meteorologist (increased water from the rainwater collecter)This War of Mine has become one of my favourite games, if not my favourite game of all time.Pros-The combat is simple, yet hard because getting hit or shot has serious consequences.-The stealth mechanics work extremly well-The game has an insane amount of replayability; from a ton of diffrent groups of people to choose from, 2 houses you can call your home, lots of diffrent places where most have 2-3 seperate events that can happen there, you dont have every place unlocked on each run due to it being random.-the survival aspect is just about perfect-killing people or stealing from people has some serious consequences. When i tell people about this game and bring up the fact that your characters can get sad or depressed they tell me ""big deal"" or ""so what"" because its hard to explain that being sad in this game can legit ♥♥♥♥ you up. I think the only way to understand this aspect of the game is to actually play it yourself.-randomized events during the day phase keep the game fresh even during the day (like the trader, children that ask for stuff, people who want your help) that can either make your people happy or give you stuff, or neutral stuff)-if you're anything like me this game WILL make you (the player) really sad when u make a tragic decision like killing innocent people because you really need their gun/supplies-tools are easy to use-tools can also be used as melee weapons-surprising/insane amount of depthCons-maybe a third of your day phases you're going to spend doing nothing but feeding your people and rotating the bed shifts, which can get really boring-Cveta and Anton are the antichrist-your bagpack has 24 slots (if i counted right) yet Boris (who has the highest carrying capacity) can only hold 17 slots.-Guns dont really have recoil-Military Outpost is way to OP. i understand 7 people is hard to take down, but the loot you get is waaay to much anyway-My friend encountered many bugs while playing on MAC-You can exploit the trader at Garage because you can trade a herbal medicine for a herbal medicine and more. repeat for infinite loot.-(this only happend once) Roman literally jsut disappeared overnight. he wasnt sad, depressed, nor broken."
76561198081423939,Recommended,282070,17394205,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,kapets,"Awesome game, I really like it! I can say that it is a little rude, depressive, demotivative and dark but we all love this kind of games.Even epilogue is unhappy.Gameplay is very time-killing, and I wish developers make dialogs sound, because sometimes you just can't see what's happening, for example the soldier is running toward you with the rifle when you searchin some meat in trash.I have a problem in a Mac : when I try to close the game the system reports about crash.Summing up - I will recommend the tablet version to all my friends.i put 8 Antons from 10 for this game."
76561198116492961,Recommended,282070,15150099,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tarfun,"A truly harrowing experiance that no other game can make you feel. Just the soundtrack alone is enough to make you bond, experiance, and ultimately, mourn with the small but poingent characters in your safe house.When you have to make decisions to not feed the dying homeles man, as you have no food yourself, the characters will constantly go on about that decision,  as well as your other choices; all of which will make you as the 'leader' feel responisible for commiting murder, theft or worse.Whilst you are playing as survivors, the feeling when you kill 'bandits', only to realise that the gun wielding young man was just protecting his two elderly (chair-ridden) parents from you, the 'real' bandit in the scenario.But man, that ending though; when you see a somewhat  sublte reminder of all your successes, trivia... and mistakes, it takes it out of you, even more so considering that there is meant to be an end eventually, which would have elft your characters alive and well.10/10 for a truly emotional journey without rubbing in your face, ""feel for this character you don't know"" of many triple A games out there.Worth a buy, or two..."
,Recommended,282070,16582951,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Natas Dog,"This game is awesome.  I don't normally write recommendations, but this game needs to be played by everyone."
,Recommended,282070,16548634,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Winty`,"Addictive, great atmosphere (and music!), superb gameplay and a moving setting and story. Great game!"
76561198118408929,Recommended,282070,16592409,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kukubeta,realy good game but its realy sad!!
76561197978247545,Recommended,282070,16370427,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,J-Dubs,It's sort of like the Thomas Hobbes version of The Sims.
,Recommended,282070,16373265,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Joergensen,"Very addicting game, I would say. You have to think of almost every move you do."
,Recommended,282070,16391305,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gohenko,"A different take on war scenarios. As advertised, you don't play as soldiers fighting the opposing side. Instead, you get to play as civilians just looking to survive in a sieged city. Not much joy to be found here, everything from the music to the art style makes the game feel very bleak.Gameplay-wise, it's quite a simple game. The camera offers a 2D cutaway view of your surroundings at all times. All movement and interaction is done in a point-and-click style, and you pretty much never need to use your keyboard for anything.The game has a day-night cycle, and it's perhaps the most important aspect of the game. During the day you have full control of your whole group and you can improve your shelter as well as take care of the needs of all the people in the group. During the night you get to control a single person from your group as you scavenge around the city for supplies. While out in the city, you can meet both friendly and hostile NPC's, and you can also kill and/or rob supplies from others if you want to. The game can be quite hard no matter how you play. and you will need go scavenging pretty much every night, since there will always be a shortage of supplies.I don't think I could say I have fun playing this, as it's not exactly a game with much happiness in it, but I can say I enjoy playing this. It's a good game for what it is, and it's a refreshing change to most other war games out there."
76561198006604666,Recommended,282070,14253124,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Vampiresbane,"Really a great game.  I like the survival games, but this one really hits a spot that hasn't been itched by many games...the emotional side of things.  It is emotionally hard on the player if you have your survivors steal and especially difficult on the player if he has his survivors murder.  Overall I really enjoyed this game and it helps reveal something of the real world some of us luckier chaps haven't had to deal with: war within our own country borders and homes.I'd recommend this game to anyone, even if they didn't really like the survival genre."
76561198043567482,Recommended,282070,13175443,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Amurite,"Morality Simulator 2014.This game is pleasantly disturbing and disturbingly pleasant at the same time.A very realistic description of the atmosphere in a warzone from the perspective of someone caught in the conflict. Very gripping story. The graphics are the most touching 50 shades of gray that you will ever see, despite what the internet might be trying to tell you, but rest asured, the match the type of the game a lot.I definitely strongly recommend. This game is a showcase of self-perspective and a mirror into your own soul. One of the top gems of this 2014. The soundtrack is simply amazing.For every messed up AAA game launch, an indie studio comes with masterpiece. This is one of them.Final warning: you WILL feel guilt every time you play this game. And you WILL return for more."
76561198097863925,Recommended,282070,15704306,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,=Neon Jolty=,"This War of Mine is an emotional game about the other side of war.  With all going on, it's difficult to stick to your morals and beliefs in this game as you'll be forced to do things that you would originally never do in your lifetime in order to survive! This War of Mine is a great strategy game that leaves me thinking about how great I have it at night."
76561198108080055,Recommended,282070,14225259,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Aids In a Can,This game is one of these best apocolyptic games I got this game yesterday and already love it but the gameplay is kind of slow i rate this game a 9/10
76561198056681727,Recommended,282070,16365923,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kjewl | Duquan | Ferguson,This is the sadest game I have ever played...It's unbelievable how everything works how you have to decide if you want to kill some old people so you and your friends can survive... All the choices you have to make the sound of bombs and gunshots in the background makes it only more sad.I really recommend this game to everyone.
76561198031330011,Recommended,282070,16364064,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Flub-a-lub-a-lub,"This game is nothing short of astonishing. Absolutely captivating, it draws you into the stories of the characters like few other games even come close to doing. Technically it's far from an AAA title but then that's reflected in the price. And what do the developers do when they have a hit on their hands that's crying out for expensive DLCs? They produce something that adds to the atmospheric surroundings and give every penny of your money to War Child.This is a special game written by special people. It's one that you'll remember playing in 20 years time."
,Recommended,282070,13656235,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Incarcerant,"Never before have I played a game decribed as ""a struggle to survive"" that has been potrayed so literally.Not only do you have to survive by finding food, defending from raids, and coming face to face with those who will kill without hesitation, but your characters have to survive the many decisions you must make in your own effort to survive, be it physically or mentally. A bad decision could send a character into a downward spiral of depression ending in a broken man or woman, unable to work, move or even sleep.A minor wound to a character could quickly become fatal if not treated as best as possible.In This War Of Mine, the struggle is difficult, the experience is an emotional one.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a survival game with a touching narrative."
,Recommended,282070,13698705,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,vict0rem,-Raided house-Old couple-KIlled them for no good reason-Roman became depressed-I am now disgusted with myself because of a game11/10
,Recommended,282070,13674600,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rowan's Dead,"This is the single most amazing game. It tells the story of war from a unique perspective. Not of the traditional soldiers but from the soldiers of everyday life. Trying to maintain a food supply, keeping a cigarette addiction down, also to become self sufficient. All while trying to keep your morals in the right place.Listening to your conscience isn't always the right thing to do."
76561198097439839,Recommended,282070,13704093,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nitromonkeiz,This game is depressing and grat fun at the same time10/10
,Recommended,282070,13730706,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mogley,First reviewSims like but actually good
76561197971509345,Recommended,282070,13674024,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Megaleif,Pure brilliance. Really enjoyed this brutal hold-no-punches storytelling game.
76561198010258230,Recommended,282070,13708279,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PteroRaptor,"I played through this game in one sit-through, and I have to say there aren't a lot of games that can keep me so immersed as this one did. Eight hours flew by as I survived day by day with my comerades. You get to see war in a new perspective and you get to see what war does to the ones not fighting in it. This game puts you in horrible situations and you have to make choices for your greater good, so you can live to fight another day.You get to know the characters you're controlling, and you start to care about them. You really want them to survive. You do everything in your power to keep them alive, and you see the consequences. Sure, they might have food and meds for a couple more days. But what they had to do to get it, will stay with them forever. And you really start to feel bad for them. I, at least, felt really guilty after the first murder.I really enjoyed playing this game, and I do recommend it for anyone who's slightly intrigued in this concept. I was sceptical of this game at first, but it really came around. I truly love this game.R.I.P. Pavle."
,Recommended,282070,13541604,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Stylez,This game is probably the best at telling a really sad story without needing any backstory.
,Recommended,282070,13568181,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Loki,"It's a gripping game, with a pace fast enough to throw you off ever so slightly during night missions while you watch the clock to get your guy back in one piece.The best part of it is the slow, trickling, creeping depression that sets in as you find yourself more and more willing to do whatever it takes to live.That nice old couple down the road? Rob them. Take all their food. We need them.That hospital thats been keeping suriviors and your own guys alive? We've got too many sick. We'll rob them.It's a game that really explores the grey area, I highly reccommend it!"
76561198042013073,Recommended,282070,13573518,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ConnoR,"After just two hours of soild game time, this game has impressed me far beyond anything i would have thought possible.When making decisions in the world of mine you have some kind of emotional dilema to either stand by or tarnish.. I picked the latter of the two and decided that morals where for the weak and and raided every young, old & unarmed person i could get my hands on.While in once case you can make friends with a friendly old couple, the same as you can brutaly murder them in the living room and ransact there home looking for food - medication and such.this is a game that MUST own for it in it's own right is a masterpeice."
,Recommended,282070,13578436,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,rhamy14456,"I was looking forward to this game for a long time and it didn't disappoint.I wasn't quite sure what I was expecting, but I knew the devs intention was to show war from a civilian point of view.I managed to complete the game on my second playthrough (I quit my first one thinking things were too far gone) and while it was difficult, it wasn't quite as punishing as I thought it would be.The game is essentially a rogue-like resource management game by day mixed with stealth exploration at night. The stealth sections are very tense, so much so that in one of my first encounters with other survivors I panicked and before I knew I was swinging a crowbar and there were two dead bodies on the ground. While I got plenty of salvage this caused a depression within the shelter and the inhabitants began to argue amongst themselves. You will get the chance to do some good though when people visit the shelter and ask for help from your team. Sometimes they ask for items, other times they'll ask you to accompany them for the night (you won't actually see or control your character during these expeditions). When you're successful you'll generally get a morale boost as well as possibly some salvage. The risk / reward factor can be quite important here. A morale boost can be incredibly useful, but can you afford you lose any of your group?I found it a little difficult to connect with some of the characters using their backstory. There didn't seem to be enough of it for me to empathise with them. However the longer they survived and the more valuable they became the more I missed them when they didn't make it back after venturing out of the shelter. It's quite shocking how sudden and violently you can be killed by well armed strangers. On my second playthrough I was taking a pacifist approach and doing my best not to steal or hurt anyone. One of my group was murdered for walking into a room while a soldier attempted to assault a female scavenger. It's fair to say that the next time I went out I shot first and asked questions later.I don't really want to give away any more than I already have, so if you fancy something bleak and at times ""unforgiving"" then give this a go. For me this is what Indie games are all about."
76561198147479072,Recommended,282070,14440040,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Pudding Soles,"This game really does make you feel things, things you never thought you could feel about a video game. I =t really is the best 20 ive ever spent."
,Recommended,282070,13868466,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Master Of Sex,"This is by far the best survival game i'd ever played.This game contains many element just for the small price. The game play featuring you acting as a player controlling a group of people to suvive in war time.you will be making a lot of decision and see the consequences for yourself. This game also gives so much more replaying experiences as you can start of with different crews carrying people with different skill to be used by you.You will be making some decisions which you will not like it but it may help you survive the team, sometimes it broke my heart too. I'm giving this game a 5 stars as you can infinitely replay this game with differents outcome as you consequences."
76561198019972469,Recommended,282070,13903839,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rascal Nag,"This game may seem relaxing at first, but as the days go by and  the cold harsh weather of winter settles,  there are hard decisions to be made.  Who gets to eat today? Who needs medicine the most?  With only a limited time during the day to micro-manage the sick, wounded and hungry, there are also other needs that must be addressed: heating, weapons, preparing meds or food and many more...This War of Mine isn't at all what I thought it would be, it is much more...9¼ / 10"
76561197993687582,Recommended,282070,13713208,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,XenoUK,"Great game, Really addictive. The hours just race by as im playing this. But be warned its really hard!!Also is does crash to desktop occasionally, Is rare but does happen but as it saves after every night its not a problem :-)"
76561198017660351,Recommended,282070,13031723,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,StasisZombie,"This game should be called ""These people of mine."" It is a moving tale of survivors trying to live in a reasourseless world. Their attitudes and moods set you on a path of introspective self identification. I hate myself for robbing the couple in the villa. 10/10 would survive again."
76561198002816338,Recommended,282070,13824379,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Salty Pig,"This game is a rollercoaster! 10/10First play through had no idea what I was doing and ended up getting shot trying to scavenge.Second time round my survivors ran out of food. Stole from an old couple(robbed them clean felt the worst)Helped everyone who came to my door to make up for the theft.Food got scarce, went to a grocery store and stopped sexual assualt.(got a rifle from the heroism)Now its day 17 and I am procrastinating. (I shot and killed a Husband who was also armed for food, accidentally shot the wife thinking she was also armed)Sitting here feeling bad for a fake family.On the upside I have supplies again. (I guess it is the bandit life for me now)Definetly recommend playing this game if your into making tricky decisions and also getting repeatedly hit by the feels train."
,Recommended,282070,14401574,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ruhley,A truly immursive game that makes you want to do anything to survive - 10/10
,Recommended,282070,13646473,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nakkikassi,"My first ""This War of Mine"" game is over, 13.7 real life hours, 40 in-game days. 4 dead team members, 3 murders, a lot of stealing (I'm not sure if you can win this game without that), even more looting and a working moonshine factory with a steady trade. Helped everyone who asked for it, took in every survivor (good thing too, because I ended up loosing a lot of them), tried fighting against bandits, was a bad idea. But enough with the debrief, now to the actual review:My overall feeling about this game is very positive. The theme is unique and the feeling of despair sustains though out the game. At some point during the game the atmosphere got so intensely sad and desperate I had to take a break from it, I consider this to be an amazing achievement from a game.I suffered 3 bugs during the game that really had an affect on the atmosphere and broke the immersion, but considering that it's an relatively new game from a indie studio it's understandable. Also the bugs didn't break the game and I was able to continue after them, I just hope they get fixed sooner rather than later. :)The game could have more variety to it, definitely, but again: New game and a indie game, the game itself is a remarkable achievement! An true survivor game and perhaps first of its kind in being a ""war-survivor"" game.The music was good and conveyed the feeling of the game very well, a more variance to the music would have been better though. Especially the radio music got boring quick.For me the trailer expressed a bit more event rich and intense game than it was, which is more of an rule than exception, but like I said: overall feeling is very positive. This was perhaps one of the best games I've played, but yes it could have been even better. :-)Played this on apple platform on Christmas holiday, when I get back from the holidays to my PC, I wonder will the save games and achievements be transferable to my PC? We will see.This War of Mine is a true survivor game with intense atmosphere."
,Recommended,282070,14423901,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Richard,"Great game i find it really good its got lots of great potential some moments where i cannot help but scream ""MOVE YOU MORON I NEED TO NOR DIE!!!"" etc... on the quotes but yha its really fun the story is sad BUT has no plot holes great art design... really worth the money sale or no sale"
,Recommended,282070,20225021,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,blaMē,"This is a graphic-lite resource management sim where you walk the tightrope of bare subsistence over the pit of starvation. The protagonists (that you control) consume resources, while you task them with building enough of a surplus that one raid won't leave you all dead.Some games suffer from obtuse rules or too much RNG. In This War of Mine, the rules are upfront, the RNG is only as crippling as you are impatient, while the randomly-generated locations allow for replayability and starting over without mindless grinding and memorization. Further, you get to control the actions of the people you send scavenging, giving you a sense of ownership superior to a roll of the dice.Overall the game has great atmosphere, artwork, and gameplay elements. This War of Mine could be improved by voice-acting for all the characters to compliment the speach-bubbles. Further, the game will be a smoother ride if you the player are a fast/comprehensive reader, becuase there are helpful gameplay clues and cues that all come in the form of text. My last gripe is about how slow characters move. It does give a sense of gravity and immersion, but during the day-cycle where you are fortifying and working within your stronghold, it can also be cumbersome if you placed two related items far apart from one another.Despite the caveats above, I am very much enjoying this game for doing an excellent job of everything it means for itself to be: an oppressive resource-management story-telling war-time sim selling itself on visual and audio atmosphere."
,Recommended,282070,19893459,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,MRKENGOD,Highly recommended :)
,Recommended,282070,20377919,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ARE YOU NOT INTO TRAINS!?,"The concept is simple and well-executed, the art is beautiful, it supports charity, and the game is challenging.What more could you ask for in a game? BUY IT NOW."
,Recommended,282070,20502340,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Happy5150,Well worth the small price! Give it a try!
76561198040446853,Recommended,282070,20517008,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Poppa DM2,Current times Oregon Trail...Every child should have to play it in school.10/10 would try to survive again
,Recommended,282070,20720242,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,JAmesD,Test your humanity in the disaster~
76561198142702902,Recommended,282070,23750323,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,eleon,"Nice game, makes me very depressed."
,Recommended,282070,17375565,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Groovy K-9,this is a game to get
76561198017681447,Recommended,282070,16279647,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ferretsrule,"I thought I would have a full play through before reviewing, I lasted 37 days but simply stating that would not tell the complete story! It was a roller-coaster of bad and good decisions, ones I regret and ones I knew were wrong but worth the risk. Sometimes I was able to help those who came calling for aid and sometimes I caused pain all because  wanted to live another day. I cannot give this game anymore praise that this review and a thumbs up, it is a refreshing look on war and makes you think about all those people who simply live through what must be a terrifying experience. Get yourself a copy when you can."
,Recommended,282070,20686280,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Lacus Clyne My First Waifu,"Awesome Game :DYou Can Trade(Seem Like BARTER TRADE :D )With Soldier/Bandit/People/Another ScavengerYou Can Scavenging In Middle Of Night And War(Beware With Unknown Hostile Who  Want Try To Kill You :( )Defend Yourself With Gun,Knife Or Crowbar To Prevent Fatal Damage From Enemy(Especially From Bandit/Bad Soldier And Again Try To Kill You :( )You Can Create Bed For PeopleHarsh Winter(The Best Survival.Wood And Water Also Food Hard To Get)Well You Can Steal Loot From Another Scavenger(But My Recommendations Don't Do It Because Make All People Sad :( )And Last Everyone NOT A SOLDIER Also Everyone HATE THE WAROhh Yeah One Last Thing.War What Is It Good For?Absolutely Nothing100/100 People Will Play Against The War"
76561198088860189,Recommended,282070,17232232,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,SSSDante,"This War of Mine is a dark reflection on the cruelties of war. The characters are relatable, the situations intense, and the content pointed.Gameplay wise, it is good enough to support the content. Combat is awkward (adding risk to engaging) and sometime the game just takes a giant dump on you in the blink of an eye. Better than a mortar shell through your house, I suppose.They have updated the game to allow you to craft characters yourself. I very much enjoyed crafting characters after myself and some close friends. I even called them up during the game in order to ask what they would do in certain situations. That caused them to pick up the game as well.Highly recommend. Not for the feint of heart.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,21235915,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DevilDuckv,"If you're looking for a good survival game that kills all of your emotions, this is it."
,Recommended,282070,21178371,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RaiT,Pros:-Nice Gameplay-Nice DLC-Spooky sound(when you play at 1am this game and heard a lighthing sound you will probably put volume at 0 like me)-Smooth game-Noob trader(he gave me gun for sugar)-You can buy a rifle from military base and next night you can come to kill all of them-Rifle>Noclip-You can create your own story-if your character die you can exit from game and it will be resetet with a day beforeContra:-you get to damn easy sad/depressed-knife is very less affective if enemy have any protection ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)This war of mine worth every peny
,Recommended,282070,23851677,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CrippledAnal,"The game is fun, but repetitive. The graphics are nice, it takes some strategy, and it's personally got me hooked. On the other hand, it's really repetitive and it's frustrating. Overall, I got to give probs. to 11 bit studios for making a great game, but it could use more place the player can go to."
,Recommended,282070,23857655,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Daddy,This game is amazing if you're up for ripping your heart out and stomping it in combat boots. This game also told me that i cannot be a dad because I let Marko die.
76561198002450835,Recommended,282070,23631078,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Nutlaw,"So this is a fairly good game, but I think that it got overhyped a bit for me. There isn't much story, per se, and it is mostly a survival meter-management activity, but without the meters spelled out as such. You spend half of the game building up your house and frankly guessing at which improvements are going to be most necessary in the days to come and then you spend the other half of the game scavenging. Being unable to pause and give commands makes for a moderately stressful experience (likely intended) since there is only so much time to spend in each section. Combat is clumsy and things get fairly repetitive. I'm glad that I tried it out for a time, but didn't feel the need to play out a full game or anything."
76561198063284156,Recommended,282070,23603802,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,stoneygamer99,"i love this game and cant stop playing, The option of helping people in need or killing them to assists you own survival is brilliant. also getting the balance between who need food/sleep and conserving that last peice of meat for when you really need it or for a survivor to scavenge a dangerous place just for some bandages is so fun its unblivable. i would seriously reccomend this game."
,Recommended,282070,23480918,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,LaZn,"This is by far the best game ive bought in my steam library and have no regrets paying for it. My favorite game and would highly reccomend buying this game. When♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan in this, it hits hard. Emotionally exhausting"
,Recommended,282070,23643369,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,xemphire,"The game mechanics and character development aspects of this game are very well integrated and the overall playability is great. I appreciated a few new game features I've never seen before, which was neat. And so for the price, I think I got what I paid for. I didn't play this game for very long though, because it did too good of a job at achieving its objective of being a civilian wartime simulator. It was very depressing and I just felt so hopeless the whole time I played. Would love to see ""This Chocolate Factory of Mine"" in 2016."
,Recommended,282070,20057704,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bobyzola,Made a guy kill a family to get their stuff. He got depreesed and eventually ran away. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,16370446,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Destroyer,AWESOME
76561198016851848,Recommended,282070,18410834,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Pony Slaystation,Great little game. Got me hooked since the first day. It's quite immersive with cozy atmosphere and nice music.I'd recommend to anyone who is into dark survival type of games. If you like METRO you are definetly going to like this one.Only downside is that the stories actually end. For example I finished one of the scenarios on the 2nd go without having all the upgrades. I'd be nice if there was a survival mode that never ends until you die.
,Recommended,282070,22130395,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ChaoticDCook,Phenomenal game. Be prepared to make some tough choices.
,Recommended,282070,13313655,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Hipster™,Paid $20 to make myself depressed.  10/10
76561197975192079,Recommended,282070,15287238,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Furion,One of the best games that I have played so far.
76561197996517334,Recommended,282070,13487105,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,AxeWaffle,Emotional and engaging. This game captures the horrors of war and the limits of humanity. A strategy game that offers hours of enjoyment with multiple difficulties (based on your survivors).
76561198008582160,Recommended,282070,12977334,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,TheMetalfreak360,"I absolutely love this game, GOTY 2014 in my opinion. The thing I love the most about it, is the fact that there are no quests, but you make them yourself, like, I didn't have to bring tons of meds and bandages to the hospital to aid people, but I did it because I felt I should do it. Even though I gain nothing of doing so.Really stellar game, good athmosphere, you get sucked into the world straight away, and you are going to feel sad when you kill somebody, and then read about what they were doing there (I killed many good folks)."
,Recommended,282070,13796194,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Roger McAllen,"This is purposefully a slow boring game.  If you like Call of Duty or Battlefield, don't buy this game.  If you like games as playable stories, then this is a great game."
,Recommended,282070,20386837,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lil Uzi Vert,This game is so good! Never have I been so emotional until this game. You contol these survivors as they go day by day in the war. You can choose to make someone scavenge for the parts and food you need to live. You can make these people do things that can make your survivors become depressed and sad. Eventually they will become Broken if you cant cheer them up and become useless. This War Of Mine is a struggle but a fun one of that and can get old after a while. Dont pass up this game.MegaTrace Score: 8.9/10P.S This games DLC is charity and depending on how much you spend is what you get. How DLC should be made! *Cough Cough* EA.
,Recommended,282070,14352900,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mediz,"Emotive, powerful and compelling. Just a handful of the words I would use to describe this master piece of a game. In 'This War of Mine' you take control of a group of survivors in the midst of a civil war in the ficticous city of Pogoren, and the conflict itself is loosely based on the Yugoslavian Wars fought in the 1990's. The gameplay is anything but bland. You can choose to deck out your base with all manner of things, from advanced heating units to Moonshine distilleries. At night, you send out one survivor to scavenge among the ruins of Pogoren for food, medicine and building supplies. Morality features quite heavily in this game, for example; robbing a hospital or weak elderly survivors will result in your survivors having bouts of depression and refusing to do anything, but at the same time, your hand may be forced as your survivors could be very sick or injured. This War of Mine really makes you think about what is right, and how far you will go to save your own."
,Recommended,282070,12963311,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,nachi,The closest to my dream survival game.
,Recommended,282070,13749245,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Thorninn,"Rather than playing as a soldier, you play as a group of civilians struggling to survive amidst a country in civil war. The obvious actions that you must do are there: find food, scavenge materials, defend your shelter from invaders, etc. What the game also explores is to what extent you will bend morality to survive. Will you steal medicine and food from an elderly couple because you are in need? Will you let others starve because you do not have enough for your group and for them? Will you defend a woman being assaulted by a soldier risking your own life in the process?"
,Recommended,282070,28844358,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Savage,"No tutorial.  Throws you in and you have to figure it out. Seems to have potential... evokes emotion. Kinda threw me off when I went to fight someone and my guy stood there clueless and got pummeled 3 times... one of THOSE games, sigh. 6/10 - worth a try while its on sale."
,Recommended,282070,14496084,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hellfreeze,Stunning
76561198041842862,Recommended,282070,23615441,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cringe Attack,"Quite Good game, but I have some problem, though. I tried to rob military base with my character, I killed the soldiers quietly one by one. And then last I tried to hide my character in the darkness, I clicked like 300 times. But My character got stuck on the map. Doesn't receive my order, and got shot by the last soldier. I don't know why this happens. I remeber at the last version of the game, I got really good memory and impression.. After the Update, I have a problem with reaction rate at character especially killing people. But still, this is a good game, reminds me of War's harshness. There was a war at Ukraine, and still going on. I feel bad for people who died there. R.I.P."
76561197970829207,Recommended,282070,14955571,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nightwalker,"What can i say, it give me a new look at how a war can change the lives around us and what it makes us do to live throught it. Recomend this to any one."
,Recommended,282070,24162353,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Trieste08,"This War of Mine is one of those games that just grips you tightly in its cold, desperate fingers and refuses to let go.Nevermind food, water or taking a rest - your survivors need you.The emotional pull of the game just kept my attention for the entirety of my play-throughs.You think about the impact of every action, even positive ones like giving medicine to others who need it.Should you have kept it for yourself? Would my survivor perhaps have been saved if we had stockpiled bandages?At this point in time, I've played 20 hours of TWOM in the span of two days.Each and every hour was deathly boring, yet somehow kept me going through it.The interface is as simple as it gets; just point and click whatever you want to do.The experience of playing it...that's where the kick in the gut comes.Every action my survivors take.Every injury.Every illness.Every theft, robbery and murder.Was I right?Was it justified?Did I need those supplies more than them?Really?This is the kind of game that keeps me up at night, lying sleepless in my bed as I think about what I've done and who I've done them to.9/10 would get depressed again.(But will need to take a break...maybe a week before starting a new story.)"
,Recommended,282070,23402154,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,CrZen,"Steps for having experience in this game1.buy the game2.play the game3.survive for a week4.go scavange5.success6.go scavange7.meet some weird♥♥♥♥♥dude8.kill him9. cant, because remember this game have specific emotion when almost killing him10. think about the emotion and the dude's life11. get depressed12.stop playing for some rest13.repeatThank you for reading, have a nice tear in ur life11/10 to get depressed again"
76561197969351113,Recommended,282070,13549185,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Seanbeag,"Brilliant game. Addictive and engaging and also unforgiving. Lots of replayability too. And the devs are still adding content.You take the part of a civilian, or group of civilians, during a wartime seige and must build and protect a home as well as scavanging, or stealing, from other locations populated by traders, civilians and bandits. Along the way you are faced with moral decisions and life threatening situations where one wrong move can be the end.A must have."
,Recommended,282070,22769414,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,JnthnGE,"A nice game, easy to get stressed but a nice storyline which make me feel like if it is happening in the real world, If looking for a game where you need to think lot, this is what you are looking at."
76561198030957154,Recommended,282070,14921645,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Fitz,"I've killed for food, I've killed to protect, I've killed to not be killed myself.And each of them have affected me differently, and made me feel a way I never expected myself to.10/10 - Would buy over and over again."
,Recommended,282070,13097614,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,PrimoSlate,"This game is absolutely captivating. Being a simulation, strategy, city-builder fan this game completely satisfies those cravings while offering enough of a challenge to keep me coming back for more. Add in the emotional aspect and character development and you've got one helluva game.There are moments where I feel like my heart is going to beat out of my chest. There are moments where I genuinly feel sad and empathy for not only the characters I control but even other NPCs. And when one of your characters dies, especially 30+ days into the journey.. it is heartbreaking."
76561198036341056,Recommended,282070,18851606,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Mr. Mouth & the Taste Buds,"This is the experience of my second attempt playing this game. The first attempt I failed horribly.-Start game-Have 3 survivors to take care of-Clean up the house and check for useful items-Finds good loot-Send our fast runner out to scavenge at a local gas station-Come back with some great finds-No raids during the night-Board up the house-Make it feel like home-Go out again for loot-Comes back with great loot again-No raids again-Women asks us to defend her house, agrees-Continue to scavenge for loot while comeing back with great finds and no raids-By this point we have enough food to last us for a few days, some medicine, and a kitchen knife and a crowbar to defend ourselves with-A man comes to our door seeking refuge, we accept with open arms-He becomes our scavenger (My personal favorite of the characters so far)-He proves worthy as a scavenger, always bringing back copious amounts of loot, raids remain low and are unsuccessful-War breaks out in the city, preventing us from scavenging much of the city-The woman who we defended earlier brings us a broken shotgun and ammo for helping her, she is thankful and flees the city with her daughter, safely I hope-We still manage to bring good stuff home from scavenging-We begin to become loaded with loot, having enough food for all of us, a cabinet full of medicine, 2 knives, a homemade shotgun, a crowbar, many building materials, and a house that feels like home. It wasn't easy though, we had to steal the the rich and the homeless to get here, but it was either us or them, the survivors seem to agree with eachother-Scavenging continues, items are getting more difficult to come across due to the war-Winter aproaches, thankfully we're warm and sickness is rare, however, a survivor has gotten sad-The war in the city still hasn't lifted, we're slowly losing our loot having to trade it for food and fuel, but we're still making it-Suddenly, the war has lifted in the city, we're free to scavenged the war stricken areas-I send my scavenger to Sniper Junction, (But not after reading the Wikipedia) scared but prepared-A man warns my scavenger of sniper fire, so I run to the middle of the field for cover after hearing the sniper fire at me, thankfully he missed-Another man lies weak on the floor next to me begging for help, I`m detirmined to save him-After hearing the next fire of the sniper, I run to a car for cover-I wait there, planning my next move, suddenly, I notice I've been shot, but it was too late, that car wasn't cover at all, and my scavenger gets shot once again and falls to the floor, dead. His blood poors on the ground, I couldn't save the man, and I couldn't save my favorite survivor-I quickly try to exit the game but the next day arrives, I was too slow, the scavenger known as Marko is forever dead-The rest of the survivors are sad but carry on through the day, meanwhile, a man at the door asks for our assistance, as his friend has been injured. I agree and send another survivor to help. The day falls to night, I`m I prepare for Sniper Junction, sending out fast runner to scavenge the area-I`m filled with anger, and the injured man on the map is gone. Meanwhile, I see Marko still lying lifeless on the cold hard ground. I run to cover of different car, I get shot, and I run to the entrance of the hotel, getting shot again-By this point, my survivor is stumbling and severely injured, I get too stressed and immediately close the game and rage quit-Something that went for us quickly went to♥♥♥♥♥♥in the span of 2 days, and unlike most games, there is NO GOING BACK8/10, a great game that puts you in the role of a group of survivors in a war stricken city. Your survivors will go hungry, get sick, suffer injury, will become sad or even depressed, you`ll keep warm and go cold through the winter. You`ll become tired of the war, you might even hit a gold mine of loot and avoid most of the negatives of the war, but life can be harsh and that could all topple over. Nevertheless, survivors must look out for eachother, and by doing so, you might just survive. This game is truly an immersive experience, it makes you think and care for your survivors. Unfortunately, there isn't much of a replayability aspect, as the second time playing feels similar to the first time playing. There is a workshop, but only for character stories, sad that there isn't much of a modding community for this game. However, I still would reccomend this to anyone who likes strategy survival games and wants a rich, in depth experience."
76561198013937063,Recommended,282070,16408499,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RJ12345,Day 1: stole from elderly coupleDay2: stole from elderly couple againDay 3: everyone got depressed because we stole from the old peopleDay4: during the night we got raided. all of the food that we stole from the old people got stolen.Karma sucks!10/10
,Recommended,282070,25472738,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,a000clown,"You can play the good guy and help everyone, which generally gives you useful rewards down the line.orYou can play the bad guy, kill everyone and steal their stuff. You easily and quickly end up with stockpiles of so many supplies you don't know what to do with it all, which makes the game MUCH easier to complete with zero repurcussions... except perhaps the epilogue at the end when you find out what happens to your survivors.Addictive for awhile until you learn how to manage your inventory supply, then after 30 days (in game, not realy life, obviously...) when you get the hang of it, it just sort of drags on and becomes repetitive because the story doesn't really go anywhere. If they threw in some scripted missions that you were forced to complete instead of choosing random locations to loot I think that would keep people a lot more interested to continue. I did an 80 day story and I probably would have stopped after about 50 days if I wasn't curious about how the game ends, which to me felt arbitrary and sudden.To sum up...PROS: Great gameplay mechanics, amazing atmosphere/vibe, decent backstory, good visualsCONS: Choices are irrelevant as long as 1 survivor makes it to the end, would have been nice to send groups to scavenge instead of 1 person, during winter survivors are a bunch of babies who get sick way too easy in none-freezing temps, story ends abruptly, little to no replay valueOverall I'd give a solid 4/5 stars. It kept me hooked but left me disappointed with the ending."
,Recommended,282070,28005002,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,XArchitectX,Very good and emotional game. You become attached to the characters living their lifes. Once one is dead they don't come back.
,Recommended,282070,12986899,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Excession,"What an amazing game, real depth and emotional gameplay, not your usual derpy kill them all and win.Survival as civilians in a war torn town, scavenging by night and surviving by day.... you will be torn by tough decisions, and those decision actually have an impact on the emotional well being of your survivors.Experience horror when you return from a nights scavenging to find your house looted and your freinds left for dead....The joy of finding medicine for your sick survivor... or precious firewood when winter bites...A great game, totally replayable."
,Recommended,282070,20202227,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,suivezlemir,"HIGLY RECOMMENDED !!!! (look at the approval rate) I must say at first I wasn't sure if I was going to like this game or not, so I decided to download it (Not via Steam, hum, I know, shame on me...). a couple hours later, it was in my shopping cart. As some reviewers said it is such an human experience, grimm most of the time (hey, its war in'it) but also touching (neighbours bringing you food for instance). I think the devs have tried to bring up both sides of our humanity in time of war in this game: becoming monsters when having to choose between our survival or somebody else's, and heroes for trying to do the right thing, even if it might cost you your life.There's no storyline, but its war, story is not important, to have enough food to last the day is.This game is hard, you will need to make the right decisions at the right time, otherwise you might end up with your people starving, sick, wounded, or depressed with a death wish. It makes you think a lot. The graphics are simplistic, but suit this game sooo well. The gameplay mechanics are really simplistic too (100% point and click), but again, they fit this game perfectly. The crafting system (yes you can craft like Mac Gyver) is really easy to understand and use. A good thing that everything is simple because there are no tutorials (not needed really).And because of the steam workshop you can now add custom characters, which is awesome !! (gonna start a new game with the Walking Dead crew, isnt that terrific ?!)9/10 (why not ten ? Well we don't want the devs to rest on their laurels now do we ? :p )"
76561198007202076,Recommended,282070,12981187,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Harry the Carry,"So very impressed with this game. It creates a tension that is hard to describe. I am left sitting here sombre and saddened by this presentation of war, in that - its reality is chilling.  I have never recommended a game, and I regularily buy new games. Wow!"
,Recommended,282070,13476721,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,craigman1211,"An exceptional game, that offers a perspective on war that not many games have shown before. This game really ""goes there"" I often found myself very impressed by the concepts that they chose to portray. As a whole the game is rather simple, I doubt I will replay it but playing it all the way through even once was very satisfying. For the price, I would say it's worth it, and if you have a crappy computer like me you will be happy to find that this game is not too resource intensive. I would suggest giving this game a try to anyone who likes survival games, sandbox games, or games that make you feel something genuine."
76561197996568442,Recommended,282070,28766399,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zeroshift,Unique
76561197974700346,Recommended,282070,24227330,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JonQuake,"This game is simply a must have for any PC gamer.  It is unique, thoughtful, and aesthetically beautiful.  It will break your heart, it will make you cheer, it will make you ponder the reality behind the subject matter.  This is a game that could change you."
76561197971398338,Recommended,282070,13681673,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LoneWarrior,"This is one masterpiece that is so realistic and makes you think about your actions and their consequences.  I didn't get as emotional as many reviewers here.  This is war and if it means to steal and kill to survive, I will.  I had Roman in my apartment and used him to kill at least 15+ people.  I got tons of supplies and breezed through the 41 days.  The elderly couples were wasting supplies so I did them a favour by giving them two shotgun rounds.  Soldiers?  That was automatic kills.  Dead people didn't need supply and I made sure they were all dead because I wanted to build everything for my shelter.  My shelter ended up being self sufficient for everything, and I was able to help everyone that asked me for aids.  Everyone was happy.I wish this game can go on to day 1000 so I can clear out the map."
76561198010276851,Recommended,282070,16519935,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,AWOL64,"This War of Mine is incredible, it's gritty atmosphere and pure weight has kept me hooked so far, and with it 50% off when I got it, I have absolutely no regrets. I may never survive the war, but damnit, I miss every character every time they die... I don't know where it stems from, but to me the characters seem to be more 'human' than most, at least in personality, but that might be the desperation which This War of Mine instills..."
,Recommended,282070,17977046,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,NT4AH03,This War of Awesome! Man this game hits you in the feels when you have to make a hard choice and it hits your group hard as well... It is a depressing wartorn version of the sims mixed with survival. Not demanding on the graphics so older machines can handle it and a good price for the amount of content in this game.
,Recommended,282070,17902404,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Atomic AlienZ,"One of the best games I've played in my life.You want a game that makes you really feel for characters in your control? You want to read a very well written stories of people caught in a conflict? You want a game in which every choice you make is vital? You want a game that makes you cry when you rob a couple of elder people blind just because you need that little food they have to sustain your group? This War of Mine is your choice.Pros:- Great gameplay that makes you emotinally attached to charaters- Lots of feels- Every choice you make has an effect and you have to make them all the time- Distinct and beautiful visual style of a city torn by war- Great soundtrack- Fully random, no other playthrough is the sameCons:- Maybe it's not realistic enough (still, life for a civilian is pretty brutal, and guns are underpowered: a character takes 5 hits from an AK to the chest and is still standing)- Occasional minor bugs (like a weather going from +18 to -5 in one night after the winter which made one of the characters to freeze to death, and made me cry)11/10PS: and for God's sake, buy the War Child Charity DLC,"
,Recommended,282070,16378241,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kinetic Energy,One of the greatest games i have played in a while!
,Recommended,282070,16459283,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tiberius Nazamir,Outstanding survival game. I cannot give this enough praise.
,Recommended,282070,18502479,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,GarudaЗено,"This game leaves a mark so deep, it will change the way you see war and perceive fugitives and refugees. Must have."
,Recommended,282070,18559622,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Vanilla Rice,"Depressing, Violent, and surprisingly realistic, this War of Mine provides the exact gameplay it advertisises. Survivors can get depressed from stealing/killing civillians, bandits constantly raid your home, and in the winter, freezing to death is a real and devastating possibility. The realism concerning the survivors's mentaility is especially realistic. For example, one of my characters was killed in a hostile raid and when a woman later went up to our shelter to ask for help, the rest of my group yelled out the dead characters name and frantically attempted to open the door for the woman. I cannot recommend this game enough, the 20$ is well worth your money (and its worth even more if it goes on sale)."
,Recommended,282070,18531312,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Coy,wooo stylized animated sectional rendering wooo
,Recommended,282070,18124787,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Junkrat Doggo,"This War of Mine is an excelently crafted game with an emotional postwar setting. You control a group of survivors as they manage food, scavenge for supplies, and try to keep order within your group. It makes it even more difficult that you have to take care of all of the people in your group. It's not like it's new but with each character having their own emotions it makes it even more difficult. This War of Mine also brings an exelently made strategic feel when it comes to combat. You can choose to hide in the shadows and wait or you can attack loud and proud. This War of Mine proves to be an excelent take on the now popular post apocolyptic setting and I hope to see more in the future."
76561198034586374,Recommended,282070,14282962,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,OwnageBurst,"Day 35,Marko just arrived back from his trip to the market, he didnt look so good so I decided to speak to him. He told me about how there was a soldier who was trying to force his way with a woman. When the soldier started to grab the woman, he opened the door and with his knife, stabbed the soldier in the back.Confused and drunk the soldier was, he pulled out his assault rifle but before he could get a shot off, marko stabbed him in the gut and he fell down to the ground.What marko told me, he would need to live with that thought of killing another human being. What had he come to? Was it morally right to kill that man to save the woman? What if the soldier had a family? What if he was drafted out if his will?The next day after when I left to go scavenge the apartments for any materials, marko had comitted suicide. He had used the gun that he pick up off the dead soldier and had shot him self.We were all devastated...10/10"
,Recommended,282070,18137092,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Onkel Wombat,haunting. dark. addictive.
,Recommended,282070,28991149,Posted: 3 January,all,lara_9005,"Once upon a time, a group of 4 survivors (Arica, Zlata, Marko, Katia) forged an alliance in a war-torn 3 story cottage.Everyone contribute to the home: Katia bartered for food and medicine, Zlata cheered up the group, Marko scavenged for supplies, Arica guarded the home at night.Initially, the group helped a lone mom fix her shelter, gave medicine to 2 kids, bartered for supplies.Arica and Katia both got sick as temperature dived. Marko stole jewellery from an elderly couple (who does not trade) to barter medicine for Arica and Katia.While Arica and Katia are recovering and Marko is scavening, a group of well armed Bandits broke into the home.Zlata is seriously wounded whiled defending home. Marko has no choice but to steal medicine from the hospital to save Zlata.The home was raided again by Bandits who took all the valuables.Markov left because of guilt and hopelessness.  Katia died from injury.Arica tried to obtain a gun from the warehouse, the bandits control warehouse, Arica killed 2 Bandits before being killed.Zlata bartered everything for medicine and returned them to the city hospital.Following night, Zlata went after the Bandits with a knife in the warehouse.Zlata died. Markov was shot in the back by Bandits 2 days later.The Group never stole food from anyone and returned supplies to the hospital.=The lone mom and 2 kids laid flowers on Katia's tombstone outside the cottage=)-: Rest in Peace = Arica, Katia, Marko, Zlata  :-(10/10 - I felt sorry for my group of survivors"
,Recommended,282070,18706049,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Cyrus40K,this is a game that a man must play.
,Recommended,282070,13974912,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Hitkah,I recommend this game to anyone who has time on their hands. This game is a great educator in terms of granting people insight on the events that take place inside a city under siege. The constant moral struggle between surviving and helping others will pressure you to rob the elderly and the homeless. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,13407831,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Hemp_Smoker07,I would probably try and quickscope in this game. Too bad there are no snipers or the option to spin or jump off ledges.10/10 Roll Up Spliffs mate.
76561198038311578,Recommended,282070,13697868,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,H/N Kinsha,"Another excellent game in my opinion. I love the simplicity behind it. So you have to survive in a war for 40 some odd days.   You can choose to be a raider/killer, or trade for what you need. So many choices.Simple yet effective. Click once to walk, Click twice to run. You want to chop something in half (for wood) it gives the selection and ability to. Need to build something? Crafting table or weapons table.I also like the limited colors.. dont get me wrong graphics are a big deal but in return you have a GREAT storyline that you basically are the one who makes the outcome. Do you survive, do you not survive.What I would like to see : Create a character .. more inventory .. but less speed.. or select their outfits or their positive/negative traits.More detail to the food supply. TRUE you have a refrigerator, but chances are you have no electricity.. so food spoils after a certain amount of time.Create a mission : Basically choose your team, choose your location, choose the difficulty.Overall alot of work has been done since this game has come out. I highly recommend the game and will recommend the game to friends. Keep up the great work. H/N Kinsha rates this game 4.5 out of 5 cookies. (just so there is room for growth)"
,Recommended,282070,14064728,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Forever Alone,nagyon jóó játék <3
76561197980144932,Recommended,282070,14005641,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Darion Acsaon,"Very good game, it really makes it to turn on feelings while playing the game, this is thx to how easy it plays with your sense of morality and depression."
76561198014895951,Recommended,282070,13994145,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,xander,I love this game. It has a different perspective from other survival games. It is complex without all the fancy things some other games need to thrill you. The idea of being a civilian is brilliant and the setting of the colour scheme supports the look and feel of being caught up in the middle of fighting parties. In my opinion it is worth the price I bought it for.
76561198031501186,Recommended,282070,16672094,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Krawuzi Kapuzi,"Take your time. Immerse into the atmosphere. Read about every feeling and emotion of your characters. Start to like them, maybe love them. Start starving. Decide to steal from an old cupple or a hospital, maybe even murder for food. Feel bad about it. See how your characters feel bad about it. Feel even worse about it. Promisse yourself, that you won't steal or kill again. Get robbed and wounded. Become angry. Still low on food, what to do?Ethics, morals ... whatsoever?Uneasy and dreadfully great!!"
76561197997244839,Recommended,282070,16679374,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ardoetia,Fantastic game with a brilliant way to portrait values and morality.
,Recommended,282070,15707246,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Vendrick Wamar,Surviving the war makes me want to run.
76561197970409987,Recommended,282070,16671604,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Axeface,"This is a really emotive game. Its great art style and music make it a really unique experience with a profound message.The whole game is played with the mouse. During the day you build up your shelter and tend to your characters (kind of like the sims), and at night you send one person out to scavenge. Each area is different and can be approached in many ways. You can use stealth, combat or simply talk to people - or not. Combat, a simple click and cover system feelsverybrutal, it's hard to explain why but its very exciting, difficult and often feels really heroic.The game has left me wanting more though, I would love to see more features and depth added to the game - such as randomely generated levels so you never know what to expect when you start a new game. I'de like to see some more development of the 'make your own character' feature too.Overall really enjoyed this game and recommend it to all."
,Recommended,282070,16704587,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Pipp,One of the best indie games I've ever played!
,Recommended,282070,16566508,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,johneightu,"Well thought out and executed ""resource management"" game that can really tug on the ol' heartstrings. Some decisions are BRUTAL, but they are rarely directly presented to you by the game, and are rather in the game from scenarios you probably have created for yourself. Do you let your buddy die because you didn't stock up (or possibly find) medicine earlier, or do you beat up (or possibly kill) some old man that might have a small stash that is terrified of you because you might hurt him or his wife. Couple this with always feeling a bit antsy about offering help to people coming to your door (are they genuine, or are they luring you away?).Very recommended but chances are good you will hate yourself during some portions of play. I will be playing this again at some point int he future for a second playthrough."
,Recommended,282070,16592080,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,FNF[Crilix],"Brutal game, that gets surprisingly emotional. Some of the choices really make you think, and you get pretty attached to some of your characters. And the game is appropriately unforgiving - there are no save states, so if someone dies (which they will, becuase combat is quick and lethal) they're gone for good. And not only will you feel the loss of a valuable member of your team, but your other survivors will feel it too (and get depressed as a result). It's all a very high-stakes game that's precariously balanced on a wire above a pit of disaster. I haven't played such a high-tension game in a long time, and there's a LOT to be said for this underrepresented point of view in a culture that glorifies soldiers and their conflicts.Side note - I played a game on an easier difficulty (lots of supplies, short/mild winter, little danger), and it totally sucked the soul out of the title. The struggle is an essential part of what makes this a rewarding and emotionally engaging experience that very few other games are capable of capturing."
,Recommended,282070,16570337,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Narnia Nom,"It doesn't seem likc much at first glance, if anything I got it as a whimsical buy, turns out I really liked it."
,Recommended,282070,16100118,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,junglebrother,"The Sims at war? Might look like that, however the ambience in the game is really unique. Too bad only one character has a larger backpack, making him the best choice to my opinion. I can recommend this game for a rainy afternoon, it will feel even more rainy."
,Recommended,282070,15670778,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tiny Tom,A solid experience unlike anything else - but sometimes feels a little detached from the message it is trying to give you. A game you should own even if you play it through just the once.
76561197982947801,Recommended,282070,16755461,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,JayFiveAlive,Really great game. Fairly challenging and quite addicting. Love little surprises like This War of Mine. I'd highly recommend it.
,Recommended,282070,15764284,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Spintonic,I love it <3
76561198089402095,Recommended,282070,16659438,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"First of all, this is the first game ever I can remember where I actually viewed the credits, I just had to know who'd made this game, wich says quite alot about my impressions of it. All unknown people for me though, but that doesn't take away any of the splendor of this game.As a game, I'm overwhelmed that it portraits the war from the view of the civilians. On top of that, it's not an easy game either. My first impressions made me think of the old classic ""the lost patrol"" in how you experienced your characters:Always short on food, getting wounds that become worse, never enough equipment (and I really mean never), and even though you know there's probably an end somewhere, it just eludes you. All focus is on what's most important for the moment.The game layout itself is simple enough, very easy to learn and get used to, but that doesn't mean it is in any way an easy game. On the contrary, no ability to save when you want and re-load (everyting is autosaved as you progress), no difficulty settings to adjust to make certain points of the game easier, and no clear hints as to what to do or what will work actually makes this game all Ironman mode. You're holed up in your house, and you just have to explore your surroundings to get the most out of it, whatever way you can.As a hoarder in games, I do enjoy gathering and scavanging stuff, but some of the frustration in this game comes from the fact that you never can bring back everything you find, at the most maybe one third. You'll just have to figure out what you for the moment need most and what you can make the most of. Alot of stuff will be left behind.Finally, there's events as well, so you not only need to feed, rest and make sure there's coffee and tobacco enough for all, but acting in a bad manner towards your neighbours for example might have an impact on your morale.If you're interested in exploring, managing, crafting and do just whatever it requires to get through each and every day, this most definetly is a game for you. I rate it 10/10, no doubt."
,Recommended,282070,16396966,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Package Courier,"This little war of mine, I’m gonna let it shine.This little war of mine, I’m gonna let it shine.This little war of mine, I’m gonna let it shine.Every day, every day, every day, every way,Gonna let my little war shine.Light that shines is the light of love,Hides the shells from above,Bombs on me and bombs on you,Shows you what the power of war can do.Shine my light both bright and dark,Shine my light both far and mark,In every dark corner that I find,Let my little war shine.Monday gave me the gift of shells,Tuesday I'm gonna go to hell,Wednesday told me to kill elderly,Thursday put me in jeopardy,Friday told me to watch and pray,Saturday told me just what to say,Sunday gave me the stove divine,Just to let my war light shine."
,Recommended,282070,16360482,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,☧ Sturmwind ☧,"This War of Mine is a game based around a civil war that you have to brave your way through as you are stuck in the city during the conflict. This game is somewhat based off the Serbian-Bosnian conflict. In TWoM, you will get an connection with your survivors and there is a very looming chance you will lose at least 1 but a lot of the time all of your survivors. The game can last up to 45 in-game days and these 45 days are very intense. You will undergo attacks from bandits, cold weather, starvation, and sickness. There are ways to combat these things but, supplies run out very quickly. Good luck."
,Recommended,282070,16374894,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,spooky,"Surprisingly human. I really cared about my 'party'. The war atmosphere was really tense, i wonder if it is realistic. I wish i dont find out though."
76561198170939250,Recommended,282070,15151805,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Strategydojo,"This game is very interesting and good.I thought I was getting the hang of it. I was surviving day to day. Running low on food but feeling that would work it self out. Went to the Supermarket to scavage things for my group to eat. A soilder was there. He was focused on another scavanger. He forced him self on her. I had a choice to leave with my food or try to break in and stop him. I only had a knife.Lesson learned. Don't bring a knife to a gun fight.Then this game hit me. After 2 hours of feeling like I was treading water my main character was dead. It made me sad. Then I became more sad because I realized the food I was counting on never came back, so not only did I loose my favorite character, but all the supplies with him. Then I thought ""at least one less mouth to feed"". And then it hit me. This war had made me quickly go from feeling sad for a lost soul, to sad that he did not come back with the resources needed but at least I would not have to ration the food the way I was doing it.This game is fun. It also is a good sim that makes you aware of the perils of being caught up in a war just trying to survive. Made me think a lot about what I have seen on walking dead how you have to become a certain type of person to survive in this environment. Decisions to help strangers, find the balance between collecting food, tools, and weapons.Very happy with this purchase. Enjoy the challange of playing and the messages and opportunities to reflect upon aspects of life."
,Recommended,282070,12989908,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,KahajiitStoleNothing,You cannot be a decent man in this indecent world
76561198113370475,Recommended,282070,16393808,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Leo_2468,"This is an amazing game that really changes the way we view what war is...it really makes you appreciate what you have more even if it is just a game, its based on what really happens to people and it really impacts the people in the game how it would be in rela life. Definitely recommended!"
76561198083702738,Recommended,282070,16462507,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slip N' Dip,Great game.  You get connected to the characters and it is cool to see your civilians survive and thrive under the pressure.  Great story as well.  Very realistic feel.  Interesting to see warfare from another view.
76561197970853945,Recommended,282070,13435227,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,=Captain_Yawn=,Good fun and morally and technically challenging. I always wanted to play a sims style post-apocalpytic rts. I'm having a blast playing this game.
,Recommended,282070,16390686,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MidWest,Very clever game.
,Recommended,282070,13780622,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Loliebayed,I tend to play the nice guy whenever possible but this game didn't give me the option.10/10 would feel regret over murderering the elderly in a video game again.
76561198126975019,Recommended,282070,16338918,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,wolfinston85,"I found myself battling with hunger, with thirst, with sadness, and overall, with desperation, at first i thought i would withstand my ground by my personal moral code that i created it, that was until i went into an scavenged hunt where i found a very nice house with a garden, sadly as soon as i opened the door two people saw me, a nice elderly couple still living strong within the depths of the war, and the state of other people misery, inmediatley the husband stood up, screaming and asking questions, me in my desperation, with tears in my eyes, decided to beat him with a shovel i had just craft from a couple of materials, then, with both of them screaming, with the old man draging his feet behind as he tried to escape me, i rushed and delivered the lethal blows to both of them, only to then steal from them, it helped me, it helped my group survived, but i had to stop the game for a second and think about what i've done for a couple of minutes.For a game to create this kind of situation, while at the same time keeping a relatively simple presentation in terms of it's aesthetic, it's, to me, the mark of a good game, mostly when the game's main objective is to actually make see the player the different side of war, the one that is kept behind the news and media outlets, and certainly in plenty upon plenty of videogames, from start to finish ""This War of Mine"" tries to evoque the idea that war is not a game, that people never win within war, and the game persists with this througout the experience, it's clear i won't forget the time that i had with this game for a very, very, long time."
,Recommended,282070,13712170,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,J-ShaZzle,Very different take on war games as you play from the civilian side just barely trying to survive day to day. A breathe of fresh air from your casual FPS games. New updates seem to be added monthly which follow what the community asks for. Would buy again at full price.
,Recommended,282070,13277923,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Maximilian9994,Very very good game! This game made me feel like such an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when I robbed an elder couple that couldnt defend temselfes. So very worth buying.
,Recommended,282070,13838784,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mastro2k,Great Game! Great combination of asthetics and music. Had a great time playing it and decideing what actions I should take.
,Recommended,282070,13204988,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,night,"Good game, worth every penny."
76561198168184751,Recommended,282070,16324728,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,World-wide,"This game, I liked. It is very realistic to the atmosphere of life of people during the war. In this game, the people fleeing war, we have to survive in difficult conditions, as well as doing quite heavy moral choice.Also, the game prisutstvet neskolko characters.There is an opportunity to create their own games sobtvennyh conditions.I recommend this game."
76561198037343465,Recommended,282070,15454933,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Noheartbeat,"This game is AMAZING. It gives players a true perspective of war and the issues that come along with it, no sugarcoating at all.The stories hit home, and the scenarios you are but in truly test who you are as a person. Should you steal from these people, leaving them to die to save your own?Can you save the people who need saving? Can you even save yourself?On top of the amazing concept of the game and how much it makes you take a step back, the art style and music that accompanies it is truly amazing. It pushes the experience over the edge.We NEED DLC for this game as I am completely hooked on this amazing game!!"
,Recommended,282070,13310783,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,-=HPTs=- SirFartsAlot,This game is a great game!  I love the way the game makes you feel immersed into the situation of dire need to help people and to stay morally good.
76561198003389120,Recommended,282070,13011310,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Johnny Three Fingers,"I played this game for 12hrs stright right after I bought it. I was so immersed into the game someone had to knock on my door and make sure I wasn't dead. I love the fact that not every npc in the game is out to get you ; pressing the fact of knowing when to trust someone or look the other way inorder to survie.Only con I have was a slight bug and I would have liked  more content, there is some replay value but, you can only craft so much.The only bug I found was with the cover system, other than that everything works flawless.All in all, love the art style, love the background stories, and the combat was fun as well. 20$ may be a tiny bit  high, ( I would say about 12$)  but compared to other games in that price range, well worth it.9/10"
,Recommended,282070,13050196,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Buda,"The only game to ever make me regret or feel sorrowful for the decisions I made. I loved and dreaded every minute of it. I loved the game itself and I spent the whole time planning and wondering what my next move would be. I hate loved how it made me so upset at times and put me through so much stress, but it was a great experience. I survived for 45 days on my first attempt making it through the war. My first four died, three to a combat system I wasn't entirely prepared for and one to a silly misclick. But my last four survived, those final days were the most stressful as I had to balance the food and ended it with 3 being very hungry and 1 starving!! In the end I will always find playability and I won't lie and say I didn't tear up a bit at the end when it reminded me of all my actions and those who had passed. Retelling the story and then giving me what happened to those who lived.TL:DR Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game if you want an emotional and phsycological trip into one of those most real games I've ever played."
76561198042916301,Recommended,282070,12989755,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Georm Renshi,"A good game with a few disappointing limitations (Only being able to scavenge one area at a time during the night phase, just some minor things IMO), but over all a very well made game. Any and every decision you make will make or break your little ragtag team of survivors. From managing your building materials to deciding which area to scavenge from at night if you make even the most minut mistake it could cost you dearly. This game is anything but easy and you should expect multiple restarts. I'm not very good at reviews other than saying Yay or Nay so I'll make it simple and say Yay.8/10Oh and you can't save.... Have fun =D"
,Recommended,282070,13352885,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Daddy Thaddeus,"This game offers a refreshing departure from the first-person shooters and the strategy games we often play.  War is upon you as you control the destiny of the civilian survivors caught betwixt the warfighting soldiers and the dastardly bandits and looters.  A visceral experience of the depressing atmosphere that war casts upon a city, this game enables you to make critical decisions in order to survive.  Morality, mortality.  You decide."
,Recommended,282070,13337918,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,LordLollipop,"Kill or be killed. Prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥for hardcore survive in the beggining of the game and tough winter.Steal,kill,trade,starve,get sick and help others-these are the concepts of the game. You will dive in this game with head and I'm sure you will like it."
,Recommended,282070,13382254,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Oddball,I need a hug
,Recommended,282070,13489501,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DarkRiderKun,"I bought This War of Mine just a day ago and I spent 13 hours of gameplay already. Had 3 playthroughs. The first two I had to quit it since I lost hope after stupid descisions and on the third one. I finished it. However, the game made me think about how I survived the war. It would bug your conscience. For instance, at one point, I had no more food. The quiet house with elders was my only option since choosing between it and lootin locations with bandits without any protection or proper equipment and risk my suvs lives, I would choose where I would survive. So I stole from them, they didn't even fight, thy just pleaded me to stop. A few days later, they died on their bed. I really took a hit, but my killing didn't stop there.One time, I was in the small apartment, I accidentaly crowbar-ed a door. I had a shotgun and a hatchet. A guy came running to me with a shotgun so I shot him first. The other companions of his ran to his body, worried. Marko got killed there. Then I went back two more times to finish everyone. It was a desicion I didn't want. They were not hostile to me, they were also a group of survivors who cared each other.In the end, this game would show us the reality of war. Coming here as a player who logged almost 300 hours in Battlefield 3. This game showed what happens behind the fighting. It isn't all about the soldiers, it is about the people being affected by the war because they suffer more."
76561198019781693,Recommended,282070,13155373,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Spider-Gwen,"A supremely atmospheric and emotionally daunting experience.After playing more than once in a single sitting I felt emotionally exhausted, much like the characters in the game. The decision to hurt others for your gain is especially impactful when you see the character deal with the aftermath of their actions. Not to mention the other survivors opinions on what you did, I won't soon forget coming back to the house and reeling as Pavle sat dead still after his actions during the nights scavenge.Do yourself a favour and spend the money to support the studio. They've done an excellent job with this title and I'll be damn sure to reccommend it to my friends."
76561198053158883,Recommended,282070,13533052,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Calistrasza,"This game is everything described and more.I will say it's not nearly as emotionally provoking as people keep claiming. At the end of the day, it's just a game. That said, there are certain points that tug a little at the heart. Like the crying baby behind the locked door that you just can't get to no matter how hard you try.If I had to pick something about this game I don't like it's the limited bag space/limited item stacks/massive amounts of materials for simple objects conundrum. I find myself skipping entire days just so I can send my one guy with 12 bag spaces back to the same house over and over to collect all the wood (that only piles in stacks of 2) that was available. It's realistic, I guess, but given that it takes a lot of wood to create each item, you'd think they'd be a bit more generous on the stacks.Overall, I have to say I really enjoy this game. My personal best is 14 days before someone died. My next goal is to last 20 days."
76561198079270994,Recommended,282070,13539324,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AriaShachou,Great game. hope for more content and more situation in game.
76561198107444827,Recommended,282070,14184482,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,[GW] Morgendorffer,Playing it makes you depressed. But then you get depressed because you can't play it often enough because it makes you depressed. So I'm gonna go cry now.
,Recommended,282070,13797689,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Enoch Dagor,"I will play this game again. I just need time to recover.I found myself engrossed in the storyline and in my survivors. Bruno the crazy good chef who fed the entire group throughout the experience. Boris who scavenged every night for supplies until he was gunned down by bandits. Marko before him who crossed the wrong person and was also shot. Pavle, Emelia... it is important to note that I can name them off by name. Not because there are so few of them... but because I felt connected to each of them. The survivors and the neighbors. The times that I had to make very immorale choices in order to survive. Checking (no, more like clinging) to the radio... every day... waiting for news.This game is very compelling, very involved and very interesting. If you let yourself get immersed within the gameplay, you will find yourself in a similar situation. Extremely high regards for this game in both art direction, music direction, gameplay design, etc... I would HIGHLY recommend this to a friend."
76561198175869761,Recommended,282070,14200880,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dangerful,"Amazing! If you like resource managment this game should be right up your alley. It has so many factors such as; hunger, happiness, amount of sleep, comfort, its great! Best part is the high replayability that makes this game total worth its price tag"
,Recommended,282070,14114009,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SaengIn,이게임은 전쟁중은 곳에서 민간인으로 살아가는 이야기다생존 게임하면 장비를 들고  먹을걸  구하러 다니며 가끔 악당들고과 싸운다이게임은 다들 민간인이고 전쟁의 생존자들이다게임을 하면서 마음이 좋지 안을수도있다플레이어는 캐릭터르 움직여 물건을 가져가고가끔 사람을 죽이기도 한다 그러면  죽은사람의  구릅은 슬퍼하기 시작한다내 캐릭터는 돌아와서 슬퍼하고 나의 그룹 사람들도 말한다 그래야만 했을까?이게임은 전쟁속에서 살아남는 민간인의 이야기이고 자신의 양심을 시험하는 게임이라고 할수있다
,Recommended,282070,13095055,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mko,"Great game. This game can create a connection between you and the characters in a very nice way. This War of Mine makes you care. Let's be honest, many games fail at that."
,Recommended,282070,13685805,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,3rd Degree,"This is not a fun game.It's not fun to watch your scavenger get stabbed as he tries to steal some food to feed his group of four. It's not fun to see your group dwindle down to two after your third survivor gets shot trying to get medical supplies for their sick. It's worse when the second commits suicide because they're so depressed from the death of their friend and only one character is left.He's joined by one other about a week later, but they can't celebrate for long; they're just barely scraping by as it is.Stealing and killing, once out of the question, is now routine, and I personally can't tell whether I want the war to be over or my survivors to just die. I'm not having fun; I just want it to be over.And that's exactly why you should get this game. Because the first time you struggle through, you will feel yourself becoming morally numb and your humanity slipping away. You'll justify it in your head and feel heavy in your heart until you don't.Fun is not the point. This game is an experience."
76561198074449402,Recommended,282070,13262989,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Captian Penny Anus,"this game is very challenging, don't play this game with the intention of surviving the first go around because you will make mistakes that will cost you dearly. i highly recommened this game because it is so diffrent from most war related games."
,Recommended,282070,13619650,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Synfidie,"This game is a fantastic game that really involves strategic thinking of what you are going to do next and what your priorities should be and what to ignore.I've put in enough time in this game that I can say that it doesn't get boring and each run-through is different.Favorite Characters in this to use are Arica, Katja and Marin."
76561198066842855,Recommended,282070,14361340,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,BrokenRecord,This game brings morals and survival of the fittest to the max. It is like an emotional rollercoaster to where you have to decide between right and wrong. Its a great game and i recommend 10/10!!!
76561198054021589,Recommended,282070,13746296,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,KKream,"A very frightening tale that plays out differently each time. I am a strong willed individual who fell victim to the atrocious war in the game. Some of my group members were shot and killed scavenging, others froze to death some even took their own lives. In many ways this game reminded me of The Sims 2 & 3 but with a darker tone. A grim tale for all those who like a dark game with slow gameplay but a good survival experience overall."
76561198068397687,Recommended,282070,13670300,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,epicghost654,"very good game, very intense/emotional. What you do in the game affects you good/bad. Be aware the game is very hard and can be very frustrating at times, but overall was fun."
,Recommended,282070,13739535,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,crusloot midden,"I've gotten 6 games this holiday sale; and let me tell you truthfully, this is the best game I've bought so far. 10/10"
76561198032487030,Recommended,282070,13781186,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zander The Great,"Its a good game. I however am not a huge fan. I tend to be a bit more.....Ruthless. The people you work with in my eyes are weak and easily subdued and saddened. I cant really enjoy the game when 8 days in I have people broken because they arent willing to steal or kill, even when our own could die. I cant connect with the characters that are such pansies about every little thing. So I give it a 7/10, good story, decent gameplay, and lame characters. These are the kind of people I would feed to my dog in an apocalypse or war situation. None of them are built for this surrounding, and I see thats the point, but man up Pavel, its a matter of time until those old people die anyway."
76561198061215663,Recommended,282070,13750267,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,falilampa,This game is just awsome! I mean it touched me deeply and I was feeling like a victim of war during the Story! Thank you for this unique experience!
76561198030515912,Recommended,282070,13687010,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fulip,"as realistic as it can be, survival, real life. Nice graphics. 9/10 pavle killed himself  at 20th day :C"
,Recommended,282070,12949307,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Jimlawl,"Great survival game with good replayability in which every little action can equal to the survival of your group or it's demisal.Well worth the $20 (Most games nowadays aren't worth their price but this is a rare jewel) and have already added it to favorites.9/10 (will probably be 10/10 once the bugs are fixed, steam workshop added & more content/a DLC or expansion released)"
76561198091761773,Recommended,282070,15564020,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,PoWaShifteR,amazing game atmospheric and tense. More than just a simple survival game.
,Recommended,282070,14746564,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Shore Volker,Great game!
76561198058450929,Recommended,282070,13751315,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SplotchyEmu,"first playthrough made it to day 30 only lost 1 person but i still have 4 and things are going good until two get into a fight and one is bleeding out and almost dead the next day get robbed and the other person is bleeding out now one of my two healthy people gets really sick and im out of meds so i send my last person out to the construction site with some guns to get supplys im looking around and suddenly someone bursts through the door and yells ""ARMY RUN"" so i book it the other way and try to avoid them but they corner me and gun me down the next day the two people bleed out and i have one person left who is broken and wont move so they sleep all day the next day she kills herself the end.im scared to go back to this game9/10 would be screwed over in 4 days again"
76561198082781877,Recommended,282070,13250604,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,LordMcDude,"So, where do I start. This game is just amazing. You mainly use your mouse in this game, you move your characters through a 2d world with some nice background and 3d graphics. The gameplay is satisfying, when you loot you can get amazing stuff and you will really feel great also combat feels good it's lovely to chop into someone with a nice animation, sometimes the combat lackes some precision, for instance if enemy characters are standing on the same place you cannot shoot them because they are 'hidden' behind each other. The ambiance in this game is what makes it that you want to keep playing and you get sucked in the game. You can be in a voice call with 5 friends and whilst playing this game you will forget they're even there in the call. Is it because of the music? Yes the music is a huge part in the ambiance of this game. The music is all the time kind of lonely and sad, but if you build a radio, you can find the classical music channel wich makes things a bit more pleasant. What is really good that then the music isn't really in sync with what happens, for instance: If something good happened at your house, the music will be somewhat cheerful but if you have the radio on it doesnt change wich feels strange but interesting. Another great part about the ambiance is the fact that everything is so dark and that if you go to new places you can't see what's inside, you will have to discover what horrors lie behind each door. The art makes this so great. You can never see the faces of persons very well, wich makes me personally feel like they want to hide. Around the lighter areas you can see a kind of art that looks like it's was drawn with a pencil, wich looks really cool. Furthermore this game is just great, it's not the only survival game that is out there but it's a very outstanding one. So i really recommend that you buy and vote for this game at the game awards. It has been one of my favorite games i've played so far. And I hope you will like it as well."
76561198226971120,Recommended,282070,15878032,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Pew-Pew,"I bought this game after reading many of the positive reviews on steam and think any developer that makes this kind of war RTS/strategy/survival game deserve to be rewarded by my money. Not only such developer is extremely rare, but also it doesn't lead gamers to be confused between reality and fantansy / virtual reality. Furthermore, it provides gamers an opportunity to reflect about how life would be like in war time (instead of glorifying it like most of the FPS / RTS or strategy war games).Before I played the game, I was wondering how this game can make so many players feel so emotionally attached to the point they cry or have deep reflections about their morality during game play. With 25 hours game play (less than 10 games), I finally realised why they felt the way they did. Without making it a very long post. Here is the my summary scores about the game:Replayability = 10/10 (Of the 10 games I played, each game outcomes were unique)Storyline = 10/10 (very touching & realistic)Graphic = 7/10 (Is only 2D but it isn't bad)Sounds = 6/10 (Could have been better if each character would speak with a voice actor/actress instead of substitle)Value on the cost of the game = 10/10 (definitely worth my USD$19.99)Last but not least, if you haven't played or bougth this game yet, buy it now I am sure you won't be disappointed. This game will grow on you the more you played and when you thought you have this game figured it out, it will keep surprising you in many different ways."
76561198084304830,Recommended,282070,13614369,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lemon.Sundae,"When I started playing this game, I coudn't stop until i finish the whole story. Finished 4 now and continuing....."
76561197992453453,Recommended,282070,13540307,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,W.Ribeiro,"This is my first-ever review. I normally don’t use my time to talk about games, but I had to do it because this game is great and I think that everybody should play it.Story– Excellent, very well developed, the texts are short (for the people who doesn’t like to read too much). This game really tells a great human Story.Characters– Good characters, it’s easy to get emotionally attached to them, you really don’t want them to die or suffer.Sound– Great environment sounds: dogs barking, screams, people crying, gunshots, car engines and explosions. It really helps with the immersion.Music– Not many, but good. The soundtrack is very atmospheric.Strategy– Well balanced strategy game, not too many options and not too little. It has an addictive (in a good way) gameplay. It’s hard to stop playing.Crafting– Many objects to craft.  It’s a well developed crafting system.Trade system– There is no money in this game; you have to negotiate and trade your items. It’s fun trying to get the best deals. It demands strategy too.Graphics– Good graphics for an indie game. They use this gray color pallet that fits very well with the sad war theme of the game. The art is excellent.Game time– I finished the game in 15hs. The total time of the game is programmed to be random (you never know when the war will be over). I believe that you can play from some weeks to months (in game days).Replayability– You can start the game in a different house, with other characters, in the summer or winter, with many other places to go and distinct loot. So the replay value of this game is nice.Combat– Is simplified because you play as a survivor, not a soldier. It’s always tense since is really easy to die in this game. The stealth approach works far better than fighting.“This War of Mine”is one of the best survival games I ever played. It can be a little bit tedious sometimes if you are not used to this kind of game but if you like this genre is a must buy."
76561198127013403,Recommended,282070,13239357,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Iceborne,"First playthrough - 43 terribly hard to survive days. Only 2 Survivors out of 6 that I had lived through the war.Second playthrough - 36 days, starting in winter time. All 4 Survivors I had lived through the war.Is this game getting easier the more you play it?Anyway, 10/10 recommended, given you have got what it takes to take care of your people :p"
76561198120631034,Recommended,282070,13874135,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,The Fruug,"This War of Mine, an amazing game that came up on Steam not to long ago, but it gained MASSIVE response. This game explores an area that isn't explored in many other games: what is it like for the citizens of a country that is in the middle of a war. And it isn't talking about militia, or heroes that defeated an empire: These are buisnessmen, chefs, football coaches, and just regular people, trying to survive what seems to be a neverending war.Now gameplay: You take control of 3 survivors at the start of a playthrough, and you find a large building with a good amount of supplies. However, you will find out that what you start out with, will not be enough. At night, you will have to scavenge different areas of the city, all while trying to stay hidden, get as much as possible, and to not die. Shall you mess up, and you will most likely find yourself in combat. In combat, you are usually at a disadvantage, shall you find yourself with no weapon or tool. However, fighting usually isn't worth it anyway, because if you do end up being the killer of another person or group, your survivors will have real effects from it. They will slowly become more and more depressed as you continue to do morally wrong things. Now, once the hell of night washes over, you get to experience the hardships of day.During the day, you mainly focus on your ""home"", building other workbenches, feeding your survivors, and otherwise taking care of them, such as through medical aid, or with just a simple bed. Sometimes, you will encounter a stranger at the door, asking for help, asking to live with you (letting you control them, but it is another mouth to feed.), or even possibly asking for trade. When you choose to go back into the night, you will have to station certain people to do certain things, such as having one person getting to sleep, one on guard at your ""house"", and one scavenging.Overall, this game is amazing, the graphics are great, gameplay is fantastic, and while it seems like there is no story at first, one will surely develop during your playthrough.Rating: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,282070,13014626,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Greenfox,one of the most tragic and brilliant game ever made
,Recommended,282070,13939667,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,PrivateGnome,"Let me begin by saying, first and foremost, that you should buy this game. It is brutal, punishing and fantastic. However if you want to get the most out of your purchase then I urge you to not look up guides as to how to play the game ""effectively"". It is easy to get swept up in min-maxing and trying to not waste resources/loot the best places using the experiences of others. You may feel instant gratification as you manage to ""beat"" a notroriously challenging game but this is not a ""game"". This is an experience.If you have no clue what you are doing this game will force you into tough choices, it will make you question the lengths you will go to to survive. Let yourself get swept up in the narrative, watch your survivors battle with hunger, depression and bereavment. If one of your survivors dies, dont just rage quit. See what follows. Try and pull yourself back from the brink. That is what will bring you true satisfaction from this game.Tl;dr : The game is great. Dont look at guides."
,Recommended,282070,15281995,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,W1ldH4wk,"this ladies and gents, is a piece of art. this game FINALLY takes the smoke and mirrors and glorification of war in video games and shows it for what it truly is, a travesty. must play ""for soldiers, its about victory - for us, its about survival."""
,Recommended,282070,14832173,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,infinitytriforce,"This game is awesome. I struggled at first but you eventually learn as you play and make mistakes. I like how you can decide on stealing, killing, choices like that and how it effects the survivors."
76561198048018049,Recommended,282070,14831305,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Woozyword <3 Guardian,"An absolutly incredable game. I dont often get effected by games unless they have a powerful connection to reality. To think the sort of decisions you make in the game were reality for people just a mere 20 years agois heart breaking. The game itself has a beautiful art style that gives you an eerie feel. I find it facinating to read the bio updates of your characters as the game progresses because (Im not sure if this is true or not) it feels like you are reading diary updates from the time it is set. I am really enjoying the rise of education but entertaining game (such as Valient hearts). This game is very difficult, as you send 1 of your characters out to scavenge you have to make decisions that may haunt you characters, You may find lots of great things just to return home to fnd your stuff has been stolen or that one or more of your characters had died. I give this game  8.5/10 for the feels."
,Recommended,282070,15358656,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Stenwick,"'In war, Not everyone is a soldier.' A chilling message that the game whispers to you. As it states, Your not a soldier, Not some supreme commando who can wipe out a hoard of soldiers on his own. Your a civillian. Someone whose life is affected by the conflict, your friends are gone, your family is probably dead, and hope is fading. Put yourself in that position and 'This war of mine' is an extremely powerful game that shows you the pain and desperation people suffer in warzones.The game is extremely challanging and requires a strong heart to make difficult choices. This game does not have a happy ending, Nor is it a happy game. There is no riding off into the sunset, swept away by a evacuation. No. You brutally have to survive, scrounging for supplies such as food, water, materials, weapons, and more. The game is filled with risk and difficult morality choices. You might not care for the A.I Roaming the game, But your survivors do. And your actions have dire consequences. You stole from that old couple in that house. You don't care. But your survivors do. They feel the guilt, they suffer the choice, they suffer from the depression, thats what makes this a great game. Emotion is put into every detail of the game. From guilt from theft. To pride of your survivors as one risks his life to help a wounded man reach his son, while under fire from a sniper. Your selfless paladin like choices will not benefit you in this game, infact, it will hinder you more than you know. You must balance your selfish desire to survive, and your selfless compassion to thrive.Managing your resources and supplies is extremely difficult, and requires stratergy and luck to master. Batering is also a core essential ability to master. You desperately need that medicine, But its going to cost you a majority of your food. You need to prepare. You need to survive, and hopefully. You will Thrive.I recommend anyone to play this game, not just for the fun, the tense situations of hiding from violent survivors, or the pure emotion of the suffering, depression, or joy the characters feel. But also to understand what is actually happening out there. In war, the soldiers are not the only heroes. Not everyone is a soldier, and not everyone survives."
76561197970336117,Recommended,282070,17967100,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Dr Harolds Chipvan,"Fantastic game. Try to avoid spoilers and guides as much as you can with it so you have no idea what will happen next or how to cope with it - I have a feeling that once you know which order to prioritise things and what is too risky it will become a logical order and remove the real essence of the game, which is taking uneducated guesses of what lies around the corner and coping with difficult surprises."
,Recommended,282070,13513850,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nairda,One of the best survival sims i enjoyed in a long while. A game everyone should give a try.
76561198125738807,Recommended,282070,13347703,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,The Scotsman,"This game.....is simply great!A new survival game on the market thats not all about kill!,action!,guns!,and rather focuses on the actual side viewers,the civilians in the whole war,what they have to go through every single day of the war,how it makes them change from normal day to day life.....and reveals who they really are...and what they will do just to survive...while the game lacks any sort of real training system to help you start its not all that hard to figure out how to play and soon enough you will ease into it.the atmosphere of the game is amazing! the gunfire and tank shells in the backround while you are in your house in daytime is great and makes you feel like you are actually in a war and you are about to get shelled by a tank or a plane!,you fear for your survivers which are chosen at random at the start of the game and along the way more may join you.each time you send them out to scavenge for much needed supplies in order to survive the coming days puts them in the utmost danger,a simple gun shot from a random hobo may instantly kill them,and once there dead they are lost forever....not just for you...but for the other survivers as well,they can have emotional breakdowns which could make them not want to do anything,or even lead them to suicide....will you be able to survive this game?this war?......check the game out and lets see ;]"
76561197970424845,Recommended,282070,27761029,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AeneaS,Great game! Highly recommended!
76561197989651659,Recommended,282070,27760574,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lostfate,"While short, one of the best games ive ever played. Captures the effects of war very well"
76561198127838662,Recommended,282070,15818889,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,wassupdoc098,"A compelling survival game that tries to make you understand what civilians caught up in the middle of a war go through. It poses some interesting questions to the player:How far are you willing to go to survive? Who are you willing to kill or steal from to ensure your group survives?Highly addictive, and highly recommended."
76561198048975532,Recommended,282070,13754436,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,IsolationX,"After complete the game in the day I purchased it. (45days)We helped and killed.We gave and stole.We loved and hated.We came across and fell apart.We cheered and grieved.The war started and ended.For me, This war of mine is best survival game ever.9/10"
,Recommended,282070,13670598,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Storm Funsoms,"this game is something of its own kind. you may want to try avoiding action and sneakin is hard, nearly impossible. it puts you in the possition where alot of what you do are morally right and wrong.to begin with, you start off with 3 characters who got diffrent set of traint and weakness. one is a looter and can carry more stuff during raids, while 1 is a cook and can make better food. one is a smoker... i honestly never saw the downside of that except from hearing him complaining about being out of cigarets, but as long as i playd, he never had a downside of quiting.you will get more character along the way, but that is after a few days, where they will come knocking on your door, litteraly. random events will take place, either its ""neighboors"" knocking on your door or someone raiding your home while youre out scavenging for materials or food.its no zombie apocalypse, but what makes it dangerous to go out, is the war. snipers on the roof is what keeps your characters in doors during the day. having an overview on the war is always nice, this is where crafting will come in handy. you start with a rundown house that you gotta clear up and make as secure as you can. making a radio to stay known about the war is a good start. be sure to make a bed too, as your character will get tired or less sleep from sleeping on the cold floor.it puts the tone for the game really well and i would give a better review if i only could. but i didnt manage to get that far, so im still trying to learn the full strategy of the game, but i am able to tell, that this game is worth 7/10. its above average. its something i would play on my laptop traveling around or on my job. its not too big, but its more up to you if you are able to put the mood right for it. its worth playing the game, and its worth paying full price. the only downsides i encounter is the lack of sneaking and the difficulty in ecountering in combat. but i think that was intentional, increesing the difficulity."
76561198017707256,Recommended,282070,13023981,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Mighty Chicken,"Most games you run through, not giving a second thought to who you kill or any damage it does. Here each choice you make gives you a feeling that its all hopeless. Balancing supplies, deciding which of your friends bleeds to death and which dies. Watching as your group begins to break down from depression.  That first time you murder someone and watch as their family goes near them and begins crying, all while you feel like a monster as you forage around their house. You really feel like your choices affect people, even if only in this game."
,Recommended,282070,13551206,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chocolate,"That feeling when your best scavenger gets shot by a sniper then you send out your second best scavenger and he also dies.... Interesting game with a dark subject and atmosphere. The game itself is not 'fun' but it is definitely a compelling experience. The game truly tests your morals and makes you question your decisions. You should definitely try to pick this game up as it is definitely a unique war game not focused on ""Boom...♥♥♥♥♥ you are dead"" *teabags*; It focuses on the survivors POV and takes you through their horrible experience of the war."
76561198048022701,Recommended,282070,14234585,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,aslightlyburntflamingo,"day one : got loot made baseweek one : got a gun killed a guy every one is deppressedweek one 1/2: EVERY ONE GOT DEPPRESSED AND COMMIT SUICIDE, but i aint mad i just stole a bottle of pills10/10 would steal pills again"
76561198116118508,Recommended,282070,13289097,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Edgy jew,"This game is the best, The music make it awesome it has a great fill of survival to it,It is challenging and fun to play worth the money."
,Recommended,282070,28405526,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Arkken,"This game is an extreme and emotional experience. In a world of war games in which the players are always the mass-murdering heroes and powerful war machines, this game throws the player into the vulnerable skins of civilians trapped in a war zone trying to survive.In a world of videogames plagued with fake moral choices and black & white consequences, This War of Mine pits the player against real moral choices that have a wide spectrum of consequences and effects on the survivors based on their personalities.The mechanics are simple yet engaging enough that it doesn't get overly repetitive or boring. The game forces the player think outside the box and find creative solutions that not always involve violence or obvious ""good"" choices either.I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a different experience and amazing art.If you are too sensitive though, this game can be emotionally draining."
,Recommended,282070,13056793,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,kurtboob,Robbing elderly couples and letting a couple of kids starve all in the name of survival.Woo. Very happy game to play.
,Recommended,282070,13712373,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BennyBicko,"If you are a fan of any variety of survival or even stealth games for that matter, This War of Mine offers an in-depth look into the struggles of regular civilians in a fictional civil-war, with some very realisitic topics and ethical issues encountered throughout your journey, either it be through having to force your way through an old granny's house in order to get a can of food, or by murdering innocent lives in a hospital to get the medicine your dying friend requires.Tough, Gritty, but all round 'fun', if you could put it like that. A definite purchase from me."
,Recommended,282070,14825495,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Puckapao,"This is my first time writing review for a game.After  I've failed for a few times, I managed to survive till the last day with 2 people left. I still would like to play it more and more to find the best way to survive or the worst way.Below is the pros and cons, beware of spoiler.GOODSStory- when you play through the game, it's the story. Everything you did has a consequence which you can expected or maybe cannot.Character's trait- there's a lot trait which some can help with the struggle you are facing or some might not. It gives variety in playing styles.Character's emotion- The emotion of character of this game is really good. You kill people or steal something from people, your character may feel sad if those owner is not hostile. Or when someone dies, someone in your team is gonna be broken. The good thing is others can help bring her/him up by sit and talking for a while if not he/she either be better or suicide. It sometimes makes me nervous when I'm gonna kill someone or steal something.Difficulty- It's not that hard but it's not that easy. Many times I have a problem with lacking of foods and I have nothing to trade and the worst is one of my character died because got shot while scavenging at night. That's the worst day ever but I didn't end there and still made it to the end.BADControls[/] - It would be better if I can use WASD to control my chracter not only mouse click.Saving- Eventhough putting save slots in this game may ruin the game, the auto saving should be better. Once I wanna reset my night raid because I messed it up. I quit and continue again. It put be back to the morning of that day which obviously I'm gonna do the same thing until the night comes.[/spoiler]I would give 9/10"
76561198078451041,Recommended,282070,15283026,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Blipblapjack,"One of only three games that have made me cry.Oh, and theres an amazing survival system and gameplay that i have spent far too much time on."
,Recommended,282070,19400529,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,john ッ,Easily one of the greatest games I have ever played. Good storyline. If only Bruno wasn't such a ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,282070,15399266,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Neighborino,"Spectacular in a weird way.It's very depressing but that's what pushes you to try and succeed and not let your characters down. This game uses its realism to its advantage and makes the player scavange for food, materials, parts, meds and weapons at night when the fighting stops; and this is where the game exceeded my expectations. You must scavange in places with hostile occupants, and every second that passes makes you fear them walking in on you rummaging through their things.Hell, the trailer to this game is better than lots of the crap that mainstream studios are putting out there.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,12985258,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ashguard,"Dear Diary...It's been twelve days since the start of the war. Everything has fallen into ruin. One day the shelling will hit us. If we survive the barrage, then we will surely die to starvation...Or worse...Marko has just set out with our only knife to the Supermarket. I pray the night is quiet, and he returns soon...Hopefully with food......Two weeks. Two long weeks of the war...We've managed to survive. We took in a new guy today. Called himself Marin. He's already proven his worth to us. He singlehandedly built two traps to catch rats, and made us a vegetable garden. Bruno's cooking is going to be even better with fresh veggies. Marko's laid out downstairs, poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ took out a whole nest of bandits with just a hatchet. Took some nasty wounds...We had to trade all our ammo, and the last of our canned food to that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Franko for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bandages. It was that, or lose Marko...Time will tell if he'll pull through....18...We lost Bruno last night...Marko finally went out on another scavving run. I made the best of it, but I just couldn't fill Marko's shoes. I wish he'd stayed...Those bandits went straight for our food...Bruno got between them. Poor brave Bruno...A knife against an assault rifle...He shouldn't have done it. He shouldn't...He shouldn't have fought...Why should any of us fight?...Nine...Nineteen. We had no food. We had no choice...Marko was sick. Franko never showed today. Maybe he knew we had nothing...We had one rat left...They gave it to me. I needed my strength, they said...I went to the house two streets away. We'd kept away from it before. Bandits lived there, it seemed...Always we could hear the gunfire...I snuck in at night. I could hear them talking in the rooms above me as I dug in the rubble.Shoot him. Next time we see him, he's dead.Dead, they said...Definitely bandits. Marko taught me a trick after he killed those bandits. Make some noise, then duck into a shadowy spot nearby. I threw a couple rocks at a wall, then ducked into an alcove...Sure enough, someone came to look....I took a life. I just acted. He was dead before he even knew I was there. There was nothing on his body...Nothing but blood...""He's been gone too long. I'll go look.""Another one came. A girl. I just hid as she ran straight up to the man I'd killed, falling onto her knees, weeping.""Ivan! Ivan don't leave me! Please!""The man had a family. And I was trapped...Again, I acted. But I didn't kill her. I couldn't do it again...I hit her with my axe, and she ran for help. I had to run towards the abandoned apartments...""Murderer!""Another woman. Older. A gun aimed at my face. It was me or her. In the end, it was me. I wish it wasn't...Past her body, her gun in my hand...A garden. They had a garden. That was when I realised it...I was the bandit.I'm back now...Marin left when I told him what happened. Maybe he went to find that girl...Maybe he just had enough. Marko got worse. Hasn't moved for a couple hours now......20...I am alone...The war is done for me."
,Recommended,282070,27417781,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Platipoo,"No, it might not make you cry, and no, it's probably not 100% accurate in depicting wars, but it definitely is better than most other games about war, and it offers a fresher perspective. If you care about it, yes, you can win scenarios without killing anybody. The art style at first turned me off, but after playing for a while, I decided it fits well with the theme."
76561198075547596,Recommended,282070,14515341,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,BladesDaRaccoon,"This is the war game the market was missing!When you buy this game get ready because it will force you into some dificult scenarios and more than likely kick your teeth in...This game will take you up and down and (Hopefully) back.This war of Mine really delves into the very real horror of war from the civilian's eye-view of protecting you and your group, finding what supplies are still around, and making the tough decisions like do you either attack the bandit camp risking your survivors, go for the easy stuff and risk coming up short of nescessities, or stealing from innocent people like you to get by...You might think our values for good and evil don't matter but you'd be sorely mistaken, actions both good and bad effect your survivors just as much as hunger, illness and injury.The graphical style seems to fit the game well, it's dark and gritty style matched with the sketchy backdrop creating a sort-of fog-of-war illusion not to mention the side-scrolling platforming style of the scavenging missions.This War of Mine forces you to juggle a lot between resources, survivor happiness, and their physical health. Even if it dosen't seem like your kind of game it's certainly one you can at least respect for it's direction and intention."
,Recommended,282070,28699505,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,🅱ecla,"Do NOT overlook this game! It is a gem! Especially if you enjoy survival, craft & dark themes."
76561198080542151,Recommended,282070,23982666,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Clarence Boddicker 0.07%,Beat a sick elderly couple to death with my bare hands whilst they begged me to stop! Felt like♥♥♥♥♥♥afterwards.Two of my characters died whilst lootingThird character commited suicideTHIS GAME IS  MESSED UP!
,Recommended,282070,29375530,Posted: 20 January,all,robynne.chen,♥♥♥♥ THE WAR!
,Recommended,282070,23884721,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[IKG] Vellerofontis ⚓,"What a little gem of a game... ""This War of Mine"" is a 2D survival simulator, that depicts the lives of a small group of civilians in the ruins of a city, torn apart by war. You will start the game with your characters taking shelter in a decrepit building, and will, right from the start, have to address security issues, fight hunger, cold and psycologic depression. Your characters will need to scavenge around the city for food and useful materials, during the night. During the day, they will need to use these materials to improve their shelter, patch up holes in the walls, build some basic furniture, cook food, burn wood for warmth etc...Survival will be a brutal business, and you will be faced with harsh moral dilemmas. A helpless child turns up at your door, in a cold winter morning, asking medicine for his sick mother? You take pitty of the child, give him the last of your medicine... BUT... remember that character of yours, who caught a nasty flu a few days ago (because you had no more fuel for heating...)? Now his chances of surviving the winter have become very slim. His sickness quickly becomes debilitating, and he is forced to stay in bed. The other 2 characters have to do everything they can to keep him alive. They pass many sleepless nights, scavenging around, desperate for food and medicine. Very soon, they become depressed and, one morning, one of them simply disappears. He has had enough, could not take it anymore, and  decided to abandon the shelter. Now you are left with just two characters, one of them severely depresssed, and the other one sick, forced to bed. Very soon, the depressed guy commits suicide. The lone survivor also meets a miserable death a few days later, sick, hungry and depressed. Game over.This is just one of the possible scenarios, a grim and sad one. There are many others. If you are efficient, if you pay attention to each character's strenghts and needs, and if you make the right decisions, there wiil be hope. The game offers you the possibility to play with a variety of characters, in a variety of settings, with different starting conditions. So, a fair number of different playthroughs is possible.Combine all these decent gameplay features with some beautiful 2D art and some haunting, atmospheric music and you get yourself a trully unique experience, unlike anything else you have played until this day. This title will really make you realise what a privilige it is to enjoy freedom in real life, have food on your table everyday, have free time and money to enjoy your hobbies (like gaming for example). But it will also teach you that there is always  hope, even in the most desperate situations. And that people need not only food and shelter to survive, but also solidarity, kind words and support from other human beings.Tldr: ""This War of Mine"" has been one of the most memorable experiences in my (long) gaming life, and I recommend it without reservations."
76561197968429990,Recommended,282070,15168197,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sharpshooter,"I must say, I havemixed feelingsabout this game:On one side it is a really new and admirable approach to War Games. Especially since I grew up in Lebanon in the mid 90's, I can relate to some of struggles although never being in such extreme situations myself. It really gives you sometimes choices that are not really choices but moral dilemmas... and the absences of heroes and any kind of fantasy-element here, makes you feel every decision more than in many games I've played. The Lack of ""Save"" and ""Load"" Button, makes it naturally more realistic, you can just die because of some coincidence, or being in the wrong place at the wrong time and that’s it. There is no going back, to correct your mistake or use a different approach. You just died, cause this is how it happens in wars. It's always random and final.On the other hand, I must admit the game play is a bit dull and repetitive. You can almost never complete all the objectives, go to all places or get all the upgrades... But this is not the purpose of this game. Whenever you finish a campaign a new one appears, there are 12 all together with different constellation of characters and different weather conditions and etc. But there are only 2 variations for housing, and also for the most places you go to scavenge. So after 3-4 runs, you already know where the bandits are, what tools to take, when to run and when to fight, which makes the replay value pretty low. I did all the campaign though, the game was too personal to me to leave it before that... 129 hours of dilemmas, small joys and bitter failures. I think if the creators did a bit more diversified environment, would have gone long way.I would still recommend the game but with some reservation."
76561197994423029,Recommended,282070,14361481,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Bowgus,i get the game for the sound track
76561198123024379,Recommended,282070,15165269,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Pumble,"So I used to give this a negative review for various game-mechanic issues, but now I give a positive review because of some new features. Making your own characters was a great step.Pros:-Make your own characters: You can now create your own character to play in the game. Makes it much more fun in my opinion.-Graphics. TWOM has a very particular and atmospheric art style. The greyed out, sketchbook effects and general grim overcast gives an excellent feel for a place that is truly a desperate and dangerous situation to be caught in.-Choices. The choices are everything in this game. Being a bad person, by killing and stealing, will make it easier to survive. It all depends how many other people you're willing to sacrifice for your own survival. But when one of your favourite characters is dying of illness, or needs bandages, or is literally starving to death, you might be surprised how far you'll go to save them.-Environments. I really like how the game has the areas you scavenge. All of them keep up wonderfully with creating an immersive, grim and desperate atmosphere.Cons:-Luck. A lot of the time, survival can turn on pure luck alone. Getting a bad raid in your refuge, or too many people getting sick/wounded, and you can get crippled and everyone die a slow and painful death.-Guns. I think they should review guns. If I walk up to someone and shoot him with a shotgun, he really shouldn't be able to be up and still fighting. I'd support one-hit kills with rifles and shotguns.-Scav. Only one person can scavenge per night. At the beginning it makes sense, but once you have four characters, it starts to feel gamey because the only reason only 1 person goes out is because the game won't let you send more.Overall, a great and immersive game, with wonderful visual design. You won't find many other games like this around, which in itself, is also quite appealing."
,Recommended,282070,20467034,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,bloobypp,"Ok imagine a scenario where you can live with Daisy Ridley, Irina Shayk, and Kendall Jenner on a war-torn apartment. But hey, even if its war, you gotcha see hot girls"
76561198022143998,Recommended,282070,13871777,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all, Lieutenant Duck ,"Cool game, one bad thing, illness.How exactly does one get sick in a heated basement, just from being slightly hungry and not sleeping on a bed, ive done that before, was just fine."
,Recommended,282070,14055980,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Chuvak970,"This War of Mine.... Kindness and generosity will be your downfall, as it was mine. I survived 15 days due to shabby conditions, and lack of food and medicaments. To force an elderly couple to hand over everything they had, was too immoral for me. I had to pass the chance up. Sadly, only 3 days later, the last survivor returned to find that everyone had been murdered.... The next morning. He commited suicide."
,Recommended,282070,12985486,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Jesus,Incredible game.  I've never played a game like this but I'm hooked. It can be extremely hard and fustrating sometimes but so addicting and fun. Well worth the $20
,Recommended,282070,12981701,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,.357 MAGnum Ace,"This game is a true piece of art.The graphics are stylized and very charming. The atmosphere is adequitely dark. The effects in the background make your experience feel reminscent of a graphic novel. And the music is fitting and suspenseful.If you let it, this survival simulator game will tell you deep, semi-randomized story of dark times. You can live the horrors of war and watch a band fight back to live, barley scrape through, or die slow, sad deaths.The gameplay is simple clicking to move, scavenge, clear rubble, place structures, and attack. What is truly grabbing though isn't what you can do, but how the NPCs react to you.TL;DR. 10/10 would survive again."
,Recommended,282070,13036839,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Broadcast4Reps,"""Война – это безумие, заставляющее усомниться в разуме человека...""10/10"
76561197965556207,Recommended,282070,13050430,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Yeager,"Awesome game, ""Rust""(minus the zombies) + ""Splinter Cell"" + ""The Sims"" (in a wartime survival situation).  You play as civilians not soldiers trying to survive in a warzone.  High replayability because you get different situations and a lot of different characters that may join you but you only see a few of them each time you play, no telling which ones you'll end up with.  The best part is no saving and loading, it autosaves it seems constantly, bad decisions or character deaths are permanent (unless you start over from the begining.  Nice, original take on a survival game, lots of fun and fairly challenging.  You definitely get your money's worth on this one."
,Recommended,282070,13047397,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Boy Red,One of the most amazing games I've ever played.That's all.
,Recommended,282070,13056389,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,vaahtis,"So far the game has been an absolute blast! A friend showed the game to me last night and it didn't take long for me to also decide to get it. The world is dark and grim and the characters have a good amount of depth to them. You'll have to make tough decisions that reflect on your characters' mood and mental well-being as well. The game portrays the psychological effects of war and living in such dire environments very well.One of the most unique and interesting games I've come across this year for sure. Then again we've only played it for around 7 hours now with a friend and I'm not too sure about the longevity of the game. So far it's been great but I can potentially see it getting a bit repetitive and boring after dozens of hours. Then again, what game doesn't?"
,Recommended,282070,13056008,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,E5n2d,"Refreshingly new, and well worth a look, especially given the price."
,Recommended,282070,13038381,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ItsaraOfGoD,Good drama Good game and Good♥♥♥♥♥♥too.
76561197971284651,Recommended,282070,13044047,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Bad Jim Gripweed,"It took me 22 hours to get a play through where any of my survivors actually made it to the end of the war (which feels like a moral imperitive after playing this game). It's not complicated and not easy either - but it doesn't need to be. It really has a very straightforward mechanic where you manage a small group of survivors and juggle actions based on needs influenced by outside forces: robbers, sickeness, weather, and your ability to find and trade resources. It's really a well-designed game and one beautifully rendered. In fact, I would say that ""This War of Mine"" is a game so well designed that it puts to shame the big-budget studios engaged in churning out glossy, over-produced crap like Assassin's Creed or Call of Duty. ""This War of Mine"" is a dark, thought-provoking experience that pushes the boundary of what we think about video games."
76561198063493098,Recommended,282070,13009643,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Servant of Dagon,"I bought this game pretty much as soon as it came out. And so far, I have enjoyed it immensly. The art style is beautiful and the soundtrack is very menacing. The game has forced me to change my style of gameplay in order to conserve materials and food, leading to some hard decisions concerning the game world. I have a few niggles... One, I would prefer there to be a more randomised selection of starting peeps, because I am not a big fan of the three that you can end up starting with. Two, some kind of bar that will let you see how tired/sick/wounded they are so you can see how long they will need to spend resting, it would be really useful. Overall, I thoroughly enjoy this game and I am eagerly looking forward to seeing any expansion or new characters that might emerge from this very hard, but very rewarding game. Keep up the good work guys! I am impressed!"
76561198127076722,Recommended,282070,12963398,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mouse Ballz,bought this game.love this game.great game.telling all my friends about it.it is a classic.instant classic.did i for get to say classic. not one play throught has been the same yet.classic. just classic.P.S- love the start of a classic
,Recommended,282070,21035752,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Scriplin,"I do recommend this game because it is a very good game in many ways, however, there are some really big aggravating as **** all mechanics which just make it un-enjoyable for me.For one, the time moves so fast during the day, and there is no control for it. I'd like to sit back, look at what's on hand, and plan out everything, but you can't really do that when even double clicking to run it can take over an hour of daylight just to move from one spot in your house to another!THIS IS MY BIGGEST GRIPE. How can it take over an hour to walk down some stairs. Just completely broken and ruins the exprience for me because, what's the point. I want to play a game to have fun, not stress myself the hell out being annoyed with game mechanics.Next biggest gripe, no way to do anything while you've got the game paused.This would alleviate my first gripe, if you could plan actions and give commands while the game was paused, look at recipes, etc., but you can't. You hit Pause, you get a screen that says Paused.So, for a simulation, there's no way to do anything at all while paused, time moves fast as hell and you can't accomplish everything you want in a day usually, and just moving around your house generally takes a larger portion of daylight than actually making whatever it was you were running to.Dear Devs: Excellent artwork, music, and mechanics, except for the one that is the most basic of them all, at which you utterly fail. What a waste. With proper time management mechanics, I would be engrossed in this game for months. Instead, I was engrossed in it for about 3 hours until I realized the gig was up, played a few more hours until my patience ran out and annoyance level peaked, and uninstalled.I'd also like to say a bit about time management in night cycles, as this further highlights the complete brokenness of time management in This War of Mine. Upon your first visit to a location, you generally have more than enough time to completely loot every item and place all of your loot in a single cache, right by the entrance of the location. This means that you're not really pressed for time (not sure if time moves at the same rate at night, but even if it does, you rarely run into a time crunch at night) and upon subsequent visits to areas you've already full plundered and gathered all the loot by the entrance that you arrive at the location at 9 PM, loot a single cache, fill your pack, and leave the location by 9:10 PM.In this scenario, you can't visit another location the same night, and the daytime travesty of time management just infuriates you even more. Also, it takes exactly one hour to travel to any location, regardless of how far away it is.Night time should have been fleshed out way more, with varying travel times to make it to a location at the very least, as well as the ability to return home, and go back out. It makes no sense to limit us to one trip out at night, especially when the time spent at the location is typically only 10 minutes of the evening.I'd much rather have to spend between 10 minutes and 2 hours to actually make it to a location, have to leave in enough time to account for return travel time, and be able to make additional trips out. This would add a whole new level of complexity and risk versus reward to night time, instead of it just being the ""gimme"" portion of the game's time management, while you spend more time during the day to walk up the stairs than it took you to do your overnight haul of goods.Time management in this game = bad joke."
76561197992547149,Recommended,282070,14272310,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,kiia,"Wonderfull game...Wonderfull Atmosphere...More Content would be lovely, last patch was great already!"
,Recommended,282070,21083576,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Brutales,Game of the Year 2015Sad - Depressed - Broken - Suicide  > repeat
,Recommended,282070,13793550,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Snow,"Best Game of 2014This game lacks nothing! Right off the bat you get the feel of the game and are put into this dark scenario. Every choice you make could be life threatening. The characters are more interesting then they seem and you can play out the game in many different ways. The visuals are well done and i found everything functioned well with no bugs. The fun value was there i was happy, mad, scared, cautious, and saying wtf to myself. Only thing is you can replay the game many times and have different experiences and difficulty's and i look forward to playing more games like this.2 Point: Game play2 Point: Quality2 Point: Technical2 Point: Value2 Point: Fun10/10I rate the games I play out of 5 points of interest"
,Recommended,282070,25477137,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Shred,Sweet game.
,Recommended,282070,25457218,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Teina,I use to trade medicine with a small child and his father and then one day everyone got ♥♥♥♥ed by bandits and we lost all our resources so I turned up to this childs house with shotgun and blasted him through the front door and stole all his stuff and yeah so thats the story of how I beat the game 10/10 would shotgun again.
,Recommended,282070,25504528,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Alexandre alexsteckel,I get addicted to this game... but there is some things to make it better.You have to control all your partners... They could make a stack to some jobs.. why don´t make 1 hour of ammunition then automatic go to eat then sleep?We waste time controlling one by one...save game option not very good... you have to wait all the day to save in the next morning.. then.. if you make a lot with your people.. then you need to do all again...
,Recommended,282070,25521110,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Judge Mandalore Shepard,"One of the few games I can name that can manage to not be fun, but so compelling at the same time.With a load of games in the Store that glorify war and put you in the boots of a solider, this game provides a new perspective of what war is really like. It's the most realistic game about what war is to date.Of course, the game isn't flawless. Despite updates galore, there still manage to be a few unexpected and otherwise frustrating bugs that cost me many a survivor. They are few and far between, though, so if you can tolerate it, it's a really compelling game, and I'd highly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,282070,25524235,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,T30,"Aside from the occasionally but surely bugs and glitches, the game is a masterpiece. For the ones who sais that is repetitive and has no meaning to play it a second time, try to make your own story as hard/easy as you want and you'll see that that's a whole new story."
76561198118936264,Recommended,282070,25532049,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zipzol,It's been a long time since a videogame has made me cuestion my moral and make my heart race like this. This War of Mine is a truly remarkable game.
76561198113478717,Recommended,282070,25532411,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,endhorizon,After finishing the game I can say I enjoyed it. It showed an other side of war and how hard it is to make even the simplest of choices in the time of war as a civilian.
,Recommended,282070,24421320,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Valentin,"“This War of Mine” is a very challenging game, putting you in the difficult situation of managing scarce resources and determines you to create minimum living conditions for your group of survivors.What I love about this game is:1.	The unique and unsettling atmosphere well created by 11 BIT Studio of a modern day city terrorised by unfair war.2.	Impressive character mechanics. I am more than satisfied of the fluent (all most realistic) ways the characters are doing chores or any activity to be honest, from fighting to looting and idle stances.3.	The game is difficult and it can be really frustrating at times. Losing a survivor because some small stupid decision or not enough caution; living with the uncertainty that the place you choose to loot or to trade won’t give you the necessary items to deal with a certain crisis back in your shelter; or never having enough food, meds or parts to do the necessary upgrades; these are things that made me restart the game all over again several times, but nonetheless it kept me going for hours until I found an optimum way to manage resources and visit the appropriate places for loot.4.	I love the combat system. You can go guns blazing but the most efficient way is stealth and tactics. You need to lure the enemy by making noise or simply just sneak at their backs and knock them down.Overall it’s an amazing game. I thank 11BIT Studio for being so creative and bringing great value in our gamer’s hearts "
,Recommended,282070,17558222,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Indigon,"The ways in which this game can (and will) affect you can not be put into words.The game is only $20 and it is worth every penny. Even if you don't like the gameplay, I can promise that the game will teach you something about yourself, and depending on who you are, it may have been something that you didn't want to know."
,Recommended,282070,13849024,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Frawst,"Definitely my favorite game from 2014. An eerie, chilling and yet strangely compelling adventure that will hook you for hours on end. Your only hope for survival in this war-torn city is interraction, scavenging and avareness, and as these are no easy tasks, you will face challenges and moral decisions matching those of any triple-A titles. Worth buying? YES!"
76561198027598348,Recommended,282070,24550486,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MonkeyEmperor,"This game is amazing. You will feel happy that you managed to get your survivors through another day. However they may not agree with you.. Did you make them loot a house with some old people in it? Now they are suffering from depression and feel terrible for doing it.This is a shockingly realistic look at the terrible price that ordinary people pay in times of War. You will feel releived, ashamed and unimaginably sad, sometimes all at the same time. This game should be part of the National Curriculum.Just get it."
76561198053290418,Recommended,282070,24489988,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,creeping death,Tirando a vontade que o game te da de cortar os pulsos ele é bem divertido e tem uma otima atmosfera
,Recommended,282070,24154067,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,UnreaL,War life is very realistic. This game amazing war and survival athmosphere. 2D / Minimalistic graphic is historical art...Amazing...Oyun çok gerçekçi. Oyunda harika savaş ve hayatta kalma atmosferi var. 2 boyutlu ve minimalistik grafik sunumu tarihsel bir sanat eseri gibi...Mükemmel....
76561198153493332,Recommended,282070,23790561,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Harri Hungrig,great game
76561198072003870,Recommended,282070,24495957,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Dascher,"The only time I felt bad stealing from and killing video game characters is in TWoM.You start off with a small group of survivors, each with their own backstory, traits and vices, seeking shelter in a derelict house with minimal resources. The early days of the war are bearable. Looting empty houses and trading items with the door-to-door vendor. But as the war intensifies and your group of survivors grows. You may be forced to make morally ambiguous choices in order for them to stay alive in this harsh war torn city; where killing and stealing increasingly seems like less an of option and more of a necessity for survival. Realistic, intense and depressing. If you want a game that makes you think about the darker side of war and its consequences, This War of Mine is the game for you."
,Recommended,282070,24521873,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,eddie36,'This war of mine'  is absolutely more worth than what I paid for this. I can't find word to express what I felt while playing.
76561197960986989,Recommended,282070,24540210,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,unknown,"Decide for yourself, pro or contra:- Story involves you emotionally, in a depressing way.- Gameplay is repetitive.- After finishing a story, the game makes accusations.- Makes accusations: Even if it was impossible to make the right choice, like deciding between two lives."
76561198274025230,Recommended,282070,24546585,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DotDreadly,"This game, in my opinion, is GREAT. It may not be the ""happiest"" game, or the ""most perky"" but I love it! It can have some difficult moments, though. Moments when, everything was perfectly fine about 2 minutes ago, but now, it's pretty tough. For example, my experience-One of my characters, Bruno, was sick, but he was gaurding the house because everyone else was exhausted or scavaging. We were raided that night, leaving us with no food, barely any medicine, and a wounded Bruno. So, Bruno later became depressed. all of this happened when my scavager, Katia, was out and came back with some bandages for Bruno, but no food. But things were still looking up. Later, Katia went out again to get food and medicine for Bruno's sickness, she got some but had to steal from an old sick couple. They were defenseless, and they could only watch her steal from them which makes me feel awful and Katia depressed. But she did get some banadages and enough food for every one. No medicine. She came back to find two kids needing medicine for there mother, since we didn't have any, we said ""later"". Night comes back around, Katia goes out again. This time, she was caught by two people, who I thought were violent and going to try to kill Katia, so I made her run back home empty handed. I later found out that we were raided, lost all of the food we JUST got, that Bruno attacked the third member of the group, Palve (who is now wounded), and now EVERYONE is depressed. A few seconds later, there was someone at the door. The kids from the other day, and we didn't have any medicine. So Katia had to tell them that we didn't have any and they left. Katia is now broken inside, sitting on the porch rethinking everything. Now I'm pretty sure that Katia is going to leave, and the rest of my survivors are going to die from their injuries or from starvation.This game makes up for the lack of happiness in entertainingly sad stories.So, yeah, 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,24546707,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,porchdrinker,"Amazing game.  It's challenging, well designed, tragic, endlessly replayable, and addictive.  I will never look at war the same way again after experiencing the numerous stories this game allows you to create.  I'm haunted by all of the deaths that my decisions have caused in my first two playthroughs, and I'm determined to keep playing until I manage to outlast the war with my civilians.  I can easily see myself investing 50 or more hours or more into this game long-term."
,Recommended,282070,14164104,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ChumpionTV,"Amazingly captivating survival game that requires only one button to play, but a whole lot more thought process to win.Scavengers will enjoy this title."
76561198093392186,Recommended,282070,14863402,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mike Tython,"play this game, its full hekkerz but a lil sad so get ready for some waterworks, but dont be a ♥♥♥♥♥ xoxox mattysem aka ♥♥♥♥ fingers is out"
76561198044489647,Recommended,282070,14835036,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,lengocy284,"This game will break your heart, again and again, and even blow it up  when you see children get in with the DLC. The game design everything in the most realistic way they can be :+ You couldnt save which mean everything happen will be permantly,you make mistake, you get over it and move on.+People in this game are not soldier, if they kill or hurt people they need you to comfort them or they kill themself+The more people you have the stronger your team is but also mean you might have to choose who have to die someday+The game test your heart to the max when winter come! Be prepared!Everyone has their own story but fate is cruel to them,and you are theirs fate, the game force you to make countless hard decision,there is no right or wrong,only your heart will get hit....a lot"
76561198066299771,Recommended,282070,12980987,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,00Jix,"We made it.We've seen the end of the war.It took more than 40 days.We outlasted winter, an outbreak of violent crime and military oppression.I wish we could've saved everyone, but Arika and Roman both met their ends before the war did.We had to stealWe had to rob.We had to kill.We were monsters at times.But we helped where we could.We were gracious at times.We paid in blood.We were broken.They say good deeds redeem you.Are we really redeemable?What an experience. 9/10"
76561198006552996,Recommended,282070,13000727,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Shep Waffles,Emotional and nice change of pace from cliche hero action games!
,Recommended,282070,13689488,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,hachoo!,"I just got this game and its unlike any other survival game I've played before.  And I mean that in a good way.  You start off with three random characters and you struggle to ensure their survival.  During daytime you craft some necessary items like a bed, rain collector, a stove, weapons, lockpicks etc. but at night you scavenge stuff from other houses, some of them might not be abandoned so have a care.   As the days go by, you find it harder and harder to make ethical choices.  Do you steal, or do something worse to ensure the survival of your people?  Its up to you.Its a game that made me think really hard on what's happening in the middle east, russia and other war torn countries.  We see very small glimpses of the hell they live in in the news, but when you play the game you can't help but realize just how hellish their lives really are.  Kudos to the developers, they've created a game that not only entertains but also reaises social awareness.  It's a haunting, heart-wrenching survival crafting game with rogue elements  Replayability is high as everytime you start a new game you start with different characters and scenarios."
,Recommended,282070,13189563,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,darkdelaqroux,"This War of Mine - It's like playing dollhouse during the wartime.if that doesnt sound interesting to you then you will not be enticed for this game. This is not one of those game you play to have much of fun or to relax yourself. It's a depressing game and the only reason you play is probably because you like those survival game genre and you like building your own storyline with what your characters do in the game and the decisions you make for the characters. It's definitely a fresh take on both war games and survival genre though I wish you can name the characters because I would love to play 'me' and my buddies' in the wartime scenario. I would probably have more connection with the chracter that way.Overall, it's a fresh game idea and in almost the whole aspect of the game, it is done well and you can see the developers put much creativity and heart in this game they made. I would recommend This War of Mine but of course, not to everyone"
76561198027131572,Recommended,282070,13678642,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ocelot,So bleak and depressing that I have to stop every few hours. So gripping that I'm back within 30 minutes. Makes you think how good your life actually is.Definitely not a feel good game (nor an easy one) but one you'd be a fool to miss.
,Recommended,282070,13678651,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The_Manbat™,7.8/10 not enough water
76561198267446970,Recommended,282070,32618226,Posted: 21 June,all,=7Cav= Picton,"For 3.80 EUR it's definitely worth to get it,it's worth to get it even for the full price,great game."
76561198046861746,Recommended,282070,32617197,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr_Mike_Nice,"Challenging, fun, thought provoking... More than any other survival game, this on really makes you feel some of your decisions. If YOU want your group to survive, you cant always do the ""right thing,"" but at times you have to or your party members become depressed. I love the moral implications that are associated with this, and think it makes the whole experience more realistic."
,Recommended,282070,32632378,Posted: 21 June,all,.Sam,Fun game
,Recommended,282070,32632825,Posted: 21 June,all,Decoy,"A truely remarkable gem of a game. TWoM grabs hold of your heartstrings and never lets go. The resource mechanics sometimes gets in the way of the stories the game tells, but I feel that's partially the point of the game. The sounds and visuals really give life to the hellish landscape of a besieged city driven to desperate madness by pointless war. That this game was loosly inspired by the 1992–96 Siege of Sarajevo during the Bosnian War shows that not every conflict can be romanticised into a Battlefield or Call of Duty shooterfest.Buy this game. Play this game. When you're done find someone you care about and give them a hug."
76561198001241290,Recommended,282070,33193293,Posted: 3 July,all,Itsssryan,A fun but depressing strategic game
76561197993306301,Recommended,282070,33114017,Posted: 1 July,all,Majic,"I really liked this game.I particularly liked the combination of the slow day time strategies and choices you get to make mixed with the quick tactical choices you have to make during the night time.I only played through twice. So, a single playthrough could be able 6-7 hours. But you'll probably have to take a time or two before you figure out how to win. I think I got lucky on my second attempt. I didn't lose anybody and I was able to successfully help everyone who came and needed help."
,Recommended,282070,32990015,Posted: 29 June,all,Racist_monk,Really good game with loads of replayability. Not short either 30 days took me many hours to achieve and I didnt survive until the end of the war. Definitely recommend this! :)
,Recommended,282070,33174263,Posted: 3 July,all,sikocat,"This game is very unforgiving, it shows you how bad humanety is. Even you will do wrong. 10/10 would kill for food again"
,Recommended,282070,33164211,Posted: 2 July,all,thinglittle,"It's tough to survive in the war.Don't want to hurt anyone but get hurt.No food, No water.Only bad mood, sickness, wound.It makes me sad when I play this game."
,Recommended,282070,27216960,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BooLayzie,5/5.
,Recommended,282070,32878643,Posted: 27 June,all,MixIsDead,Summer Sale Is Here And That Leaves This Game To A 80% Discount And For 4$ It Is Worth It For Atleast 50 Hours
76561198218784127,Recommended,282070,33160360,Posted: 2 July,all,AlexGoodEnough,its simple this is a great game
76561198312424802,Recommended,282070,33243484,Posted: 4 July,all,P A N D A,Good game!
76561198091554192,Recommended,282070,33207088,Posted: 3 July,all,Teardrops,"Such an emotional game. When you start playing this game you can feel the pain, that yourself slowly dying inside. Whenever i launch this game, it takes me 5 minutes to feel depressive. This game shows you the real face of war. Not that sh*t media shows to you. When someone from your crew dies you just feel like you lost someone from your family. I strongly recommend this game to everybody(except children) just keep that in mind before you buy the game; If you can't stand with depressive emotions don't buy the game. It is such a great game and i'm still playing it. But the feel is real."
76561198020318937,Recommended,282070,33232026,Posted: 4 July,all,Chazsi,"AMAZINGLY IMMERSIVE.  Incredibly addictive.  In trying to scavenge to provide for your war-torn little band, you become willing to subject others to any fate imaginable... as long as WE survive.  Well written and developed.  It is NOT merely a point and click.  The challenges to make the RIGHT decision for your group are thrilling.Kill anyone to get anything and your little band ""breaks"" some committing suicide.  Steal from the innocent... same result.  Not willing to cross the line occassionally... you're gonna starve... or freeze to death.Requires a balance of scavenging, stealing, murder, self-defense, rest, warmth, helping others and taking advantage of others to survive.  NICE!What works for one band of survivors, won't for another.  You have to tailor your gameplay for who is in your group.  LOVE THIS GAME.  It's like no other I've played."
76561198167996672,Recommended,282070,33254012,Posted: 4 July,all,☀B> CSGO PUBG H1Z1 TF2 88-99%,excellent game!
,Recommended,282070,33219654,Posted: 4 July,all,LunchyyyyyYYYyyyyYyyyYyyYyYyyyYY,"The only bad thing about this game is that it doesn't go far enough. The game does an excellent job at showing a new civilian side to war but is missing some mechanics that could take it to the next level. The addition of children is one of the main ones, we physiologically trained to protect and care for children and while I understand their reasoning for not including them in the game I really feel like it was a missed opportunity. Other harsh realities that could be included would probably turn this into an R18+ game so we wont go into that."
76561198008366600,Recommended,282070,13480495,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Svartvadet,"This War of Mine is really great and really worth playing, it has become one of my favourites! The game is about trying to make a team of civilian people to survive a civil war. You must lead them through a harsh cold climate, safeguard them from raiders and keep them healthy and well fed until the ceasefire. You must plan your actions carefully as to what and where you should scavenge each night, what you can afford to trade with, what you need to build and what equipment you need to get. There is also alot of moral decisions to choose, will you help those in need? Will you steal and commit murder to get what you need to survive? Will you let new people stay in your shelter or do you slam the door in their face?All this above creates a dark and depressing enviroment that can be replayed alot of times as you choose your team to start with and unlocks more once you've managed to survive with one team. Each team members has different background stories and feats. The map of scavenging locations also differs for every team and starting conditions.I think I have nothing negative to say about this game really. Maybe as with all games once you've completed all the content you might find it boring, but as it is right now there is alot of replayability that keeps you going for a long time. I think the developers will release new content to this masterpiece."
76561198114056428,Recommended,282070,33301591,Posted: 5 July,all,SBAETS,This is my favorite game to play. Not only does it have good intention and a meaningful story but it sheds light on a good cause and has a donation box for charity. A+.
,Recommended,282070,18369354,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Wolfe ♥,"An excellent game.Honestly, this is just one of those games that truly leaves an imprint on your mind. It's truly unique, every aspect of this game just makes you question every war that has ever happened, was it really worth it? The game is presented through the eyes of civilians, not heroic soldiers like you'd see in CoD or BF, everything you do, is done by people caught in the crossfire.Now, poetry aside. The game is really well made, the soundtrack has that chilling/depressing backbone to it, really adding some spice to the already depressing game. Everything you do leaves an impact on your little community, every hour wasted, every scavenging day missed, everything counts. There are no impulsive decisions in this game, you have to put a lot of thought into everything you do, is raiding that apartment really worth it? I mean, there's innocent people living there, but your community is starving. Which is it? Which side of morality will you take?10/10, get it."
,Recommended,282070,12981010,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,stefan burnett,"everything runs amazing in the game, from the sense of desperation to the looting. I felt genuinely sad when i finally got an axe and destroyed all the furniture left in my house for needed supplies.would like to see more dialogue and improved combat in future."
,Recommended,282070,13061657,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,lord_mcwilliams,"This game is nerve-wrecking. Not all people with guns are hostile. And not everything you stumble upon is without owner. And as the good Frenchman once said ""all wars are civil wars because all men are brothers"". If God forbid you end up in the real situation this game depicts, you better pray you get people like Marko or Pavle around you."
,Recommended,282070,13064647,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sunzo,"Day 8.Survivors: Katia, Pavle, Marin and Bruno.Food situation: Starving.Water: Hydrated.Materials: Getting there.Pavle and Katia, my main two scavengers. After last night Pavle was spent, he needed the rest, but the group needed food.Katia, slightly wounded but bandaged, I had to take the risk and make her scavenge that night. Marin the new one in the group, had boarded up the windows, but that didn't stop the raiders from getting in and taking all our food.I put two people on watch this night, I wasn't taking the chance.I select the Motel, we've been there before, it's occupied by a group of nice people, they're actually willing to trade.But I don't have enough to trade for anything.Katia sneaks around, hoping to get some food for the group. She's running out of options and the hours creep past. 3 hours to go, I make her head to the exit, they hear me running, one yells out""Is someone there?"" he heads down the steps and looks around, gun in his hand, but he hasn't the will to use it.This is it, Day 8, if I don't get food now I won't make it a fortnight into this.I swallow my humanity, This needs to be done, for Pavle, Marin and Bruno, Katia thinks to herself and races in, stabs the man and  his body falls to the floor, a friend of his hears the commotion and comes to take me out, I kill him after a struggle and the third runs.So I dash to the fridge on the second floor, and take everything I can.There's heaps, they're saved.I take it all, but the third is standing over me as I exit the loot screen, he stares in horror and Katia's eyes meet his, his gun trembling in his hand, and I notice it. I make Katia run to the exit, the man watchs me leave but only follows a short while.Day 9Survivors: Katia, Pavle, Marin and Bruno.Food situation: We'll be fine for a while.Water: 7.8/10 too much water -IGNMaterials: Getting worse.Katia returns, tears rolling down her face, and as she arrives through the door she screams, ""I'm done, that's it, no more death.""Marin goes to talk to her, we only hear the first part, the rest, nothing. Pavle, Bruno and Katia go to eat, but Marin can't, he's too disgusted in what has happened, Pavle walks up and gives him a bowl of Bruno's cooking and says ""come on, we have to stay alive.And he eats.Why did I tell a story instead of a review? because this only just happened in my game, and I'm as destroyed watching this as the characters are.This story based roguelike will tear you down and move you each time despite doing this over and over in millions of other survival management games.What will your story be? will you survive your first try? or will This War of Mine take you as another casualty.before this session, This War of Mine was in my All Games list, Now it's in my favourites.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13092772,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,dev,Love this game :)
,Recommended,282070,13084461,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Millgo,"What a great game, hard one to stop playing...I'd recommend this for anyone, keeps you on the edge the whole game and is right in the middle of hard but not frusterating hard.Great game! 47 Days of War... Barely made it but was well worth it."
76561198028963061,Recommended,282070,13085071,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Azelroth,"A game that beautifully meshes elements of war, survival management, morals, and problem solving all into one fun little indie title.I've found the game to be easy to pick up and play and everything felt very intuitive (mostly interaction is handled by a simple mouse click) and the scavenging system in this game makes it fairly exciting.This War of Mine offers a beautiful storyline into the characters and allows for good replay value.I'd highly recommend this to anyone who likes micro managing and survival type games.MY RATING: 8/10 !"
76561198020741245,Recommended,282070,13030830,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Higgs Highway,"The gamei is miserably depressing, which is good because thats exactly what the game is trying to do. A survival game were you look for resources and try to stay alive in a war torn city.You will struggle, your people will be murdered in raids, or on scanveger runs, they will die of sickness.The game is very simple to play but also has enough complexity to keep you going for a few hours."
76561198075007842,Recommended,282070,13030233,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,nemO,"Not a game in the usual sense of the game . . it is however stunningly good in many ways. Not very often have I actually felt a developer able to connect me with how a character acts, behaves and yes, dies, yet they are able to do it ably and appropriately so many times in so many ways. One of the best I have played in a long long time, this game should be in your collection. Not must, because it's tone probably won't appeal to everyone but for it's price, it's content, it's theme and the way it portrays it and the inevitable dLc that I fervently hope they include, it definitely should be something you experience at least once . ."
,Recommended,282070,12973813,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cpt.JackSparrow,worth it 10/10
,Recommended,282070,12966974,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Lemmingski,Preload with Prozac before sitting down to this sobering experience.
76561198051635647,Recommended,282070,13279338,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Barry Bee Benson,"I don't like survival games that much. But this game is just amazing! It gets down and dirty with the genre of survival and war, with replayability to make it so much fun!"
,Recommended,282070,18651847,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Purrletariat,"War isn't just some game where gun-blazing heroes shoot the bad guys and save the day. War is pain. War is suffering. War is the death of the innocent and the civil war of the citizens who are impacted.I personally think games such as Call of Duty and Battlefield show war has an exciting and entertaining experience, when it is something completely different. People's lives are affected, even if they aren't soldier.This War of Mine shows what everyday citizens have to go through when atrocities of war hit home. People scavenge, people starve, people fight, people die, people do whatever it takes to survive. It isn't pretty. This game gives people a rather realistic interpretatioin of what war is and what happens to the people and countries stuck inside it.This game will make you feel for the people you control, and make you hate yourself for what you do to others."
76561198103202869,Recommended,282070,19314630,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,nico_the_avenger,This game is amazing. It's something that's so different from everything else. I've relaly enjoyed playing it and I highly recommend purchasing it
76561198035132144,Recommended,282070,14371069,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Stubbs314,"I can only say that until you get pushed into desperation, the experience of This War is difficult to pin down. It's a beauftiful and simple game that is only as horrifying as you let it become. The one question you have to ask yourself is, how far am I willing to go?I've had to kill civilians to gather supplies in two of my games. You might not feel bad shivving the guy who fired a shotgun at you the moment he saw you, but when his aging parents come running downstairs to investigate the gunshot and see if their last living son is allright, then you begin to realize just how badly you have screwed up.It was all or nothing then. I confiscated the son's weapons and left the parents weeping over his fallen body before I set out to search the house for antibiotics and bandages for the two of my survivors who were dying from a bullet to the gut and pneumonia respectively.Now be a sport and tell me,Am I a good person?"
76561198088292050,Recommended,282070,13052401,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,DJ Chuckie D,Additcting game - but it really sucks that there are no save points to restart from - every now and then I try something but it ends up making people mad - then I die....
,Recommended,282070,13163390,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Squarepusher,"Roughtly 10hours for one playthrough. Cost me just 17€. Scavenging, planning and trading are a major part of the game. The night rights you do in game are best done silently, combat is hard, surviving depression even more so.For a Indie game its a definite 9/10. I hope for a dlc/expansion pack or a second game in this series with improved social system, map and more upgrade options for the shelter as well as getting more than 4 survivors at once.Great game, highly recommended if you like immersive singleplayer experiences."
,Recommended,282070,16461934,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,naugat,i almost cry when stealing from the old couple10/10would cry again
,Recommended,282070,16824496,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,DoraLea,"Amazing game. Love the idea of showing the face of war from the prespective of the ones ""at home"". Really well executed too, feels like the natural way of doing things. Makes you want to put hour after hour into it and proves to be a new challenge each time you play in a different setting and with a different group of people."
76561198007185938,Recommended,282070,14815938,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kullervo,"It's such a wonderful game. All the stealth, ambience, difficulty is just right. Clearly a gem to be bought."
,Recommended,282070,19644694,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Frederica,"It's pretty good. You have to manage three or four people living inside a shelter in the middle of a war.It can be pretty difficult, but aside from a few immersion-breaking exploits like only eating every two days, it can be very satisfying to survive 40 days with all of your people alive and relatively happy."
,Recommended,282070,19726091,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,.          .,I cri >.< 10/10
76561198063150151,Recommended,282070,19377761,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ken91874,"Cupboards bare, im soo hungry. Life aint fair, using moonshine for money.You'd think the supermarket would have at least 1 pack of ramen noodles left i could share with my 3 friends but alas some soldiers were there terrorizing some poor defensless woman, i tried to help her but i got shot and killed in the process...well at least im not hungry anymore.Excellent game! It is really a different take on the survival genre, and some difficult choices to make. money well spent on this gem!"
76561198069294487,Recommended,282070,13841393,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Captain Alex,"This game is the reason I am now so paranoid. Every single action you perfom has consequences, positive and negative. Example: You steal medicine from a hospital to save one friend. Your friend lives, but the one that stole the medicine feels bad and kills himself. Yeah! He kills himself!Example 2: You have three cans of food, but four starving people. You feed three of them, one dies, the others fall into depression.Y O U  C A N' T  W I N !This game turns you into a thieving, murdering, suicidal, revenge-seeking maniac. I've been diagnosed with over 20 mental disorders because of this game. I'm a shell of what I used to be.And that's why I love it..."
76561198041098838,Recommended,282070,16103116,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,anthony,Game of the year.  Really original worth the money
,Recommended,282070,19942123,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,uncovered guinea fowl,"I enjoy this game very much, super fun and love that it supports people in need."
76561197988942672,Recommended,282070,20006925,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DaneShady,"-Hey, do you wanna know how it feels like to be in a war?-Yeah! But there is no war in my town..-No problem, play this!-Gee, thanks! :D*1 day later*-Thanks for giving me depression, as*hole!True story."
76561198253569725,Recommended,282070,20003891,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jew,top class game
,Recommended,282070,20239580,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hunajapaska,"Survive, loot, build, feel.It is not a sandbox, it is not an open world, it does not give you everything on a silver platter. Survival game that makes you feel and make decisions you might regret. Everything this game needed to do right, it did. It is very atmospheric and well designed to give you a good (considering the situation) simulation on what it could be like to be an average citizen in a war zone."
,Recommended,282070,15191831,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dell,"8/10surviving is tough, you can feel the desperationpretty good gamegives you depression, makes you sadjust what the doctor ordered"
,Recommended,282070,14168697,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Speedemon,"This game was very interesting to me at the get go. When you open the game there isn't a lot you see at first. You only have two play throughs and thats it. I though that was the whole game just only two. Once I finally surived my first play through, I got two more groups of people and then they said I will get another two later on. Each game mode is so different, each group surives in different ways. You must adopt to different ways to surive like some groups not caring about murdering people but all addicted to smoking or a group that all loves children but are very upset if you murder someone but none have addictions. You never know what you will end up getting. Reaching the finish is quiet hard but you feel very pleased at the end. This game is definitely worth 19.99 and I wish I would of pre-order it to enjoy it when it first came out insted of waiting for it to go on sale. Get it guys you won't regret it."
,Recommended,282070,15249474,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Mr. E,"This War of Mine is possibly one of the greatest games I have ever played. It can be a little rough around the edges sometimes (combat wise), but if you look past those minor flaws, you see a gritty, hardcore survival game with a powerful, if not moving, message. It can be a bit depressing at times, like when your favourite survivor dies, or especially when you raid a building thinking its empty, or even full of bandits, when it turns out that it was inhabited by regular people; families. If you haven't already, seriously consider purchasing this game, and also buy the War Child DLC. It goes towards a good cause, and it adds cool Graffiti collectibles to look at in-game.Final Verdict - 9/10"
76561198138727323,Recommended,282070,14876694,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,sasha.antonov,"I have to say that I really am impressed by this game. It makes you feels every action you commit, there are some ""white"" and ""black"" choices ( such as ""Help the poor citizen and he will give you some resources in return"" ) but most are ""grey"" ( Pavle got shot and he is lethally wounded. Will I steal bandages from others so he can live ? Will I sacrifice others for us ? ). This game really is worth the money. However, I do get that this is supposed to be a sim, but the ""iron man"" mode makes it REALLY rage inducing and frustrating for me ( Day 17, Pavle got killed because he trespassed at the Brothel ). It still seems to show that the developpers accomplished their goals: create a tense and stressful game. Would rate 9/10."
76561198116238684,Recommended,282070,12960943,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,tkstrider,"Day 1: Three men stand alone in a bombed out apartment building. Their names were Bruno, Murkov, and Povle. Bruno and Murkov were close friends before the war and Povle was a famous Football star. THey were brought together by circumstance but now stayed together due to a mutual need for survival.Night 1: Murkov, being a fireman knew how to move the fastes and was the strongest, so he was the best choice to go out looting. Armed with a shovel and a lockpick he set out to a school. What he found was twisted. A group of armed men had taken what resources remained as their own and decided to leave the rest of their people to starve and die. With little to defend himself with and no real combat skills Murkov had to sneak past the bandits to get what little food he could as well as buildign supplies for his home.SKIPPING SEVERAL DAYSDay 10: a stranger showed up at the door, a women named Arica who had grown up in  a ghetto. If she knew the poor state these survivors were in, two days without food, blood on their hands and their cook, Bruno, near dead from blood loss, she may not have asked to stay.  Regardless they took her in and gave her medicine for the cold she had been sufferign from.Night 10: Wounded and tired Murkov remained home that night, in his plac Povle left. He'd heard of a place called snipers Junction, He knew many people had been gunned down by military snipers, leaving much in the area untouched and many dead looters left for the scavenging. And being faster than most he thought he'd easily be able to move before being detected. He was wrong.Shortly after arrivign a man approached and told him he was better of goign elsewhere to scavenged but if he wouldnt heed the advice he wished him the best of luck. Povle wouldn't be so easily fightened. Strength and will to survive drove him as well as the need to get bandages and medicne for his newest friend as well as for his dying friend Bruno. Buyt immediately upon stepping into the open he was shot, Makign him unable to run as fast as before. Now bleeding he took no time before running behind an old statue for cover. There he saw an old man, imjured as well begging for medicine or help. With sad eyes Povle knew he needed to get home, ANd in that moment he decided his life was worth more than that if this stranger. He took out his Knife and threatened to cut the man and in fear the old fool stood and ran into the open, almost immediatly being shot dead by the sniper. Povle wasted no time using that brief moment the sniper would need to reload to run on to further cover. As well as to loot to dead man's body,Day 11: Povle limped home that day, His heart burdened with guilt and anger. He arrived beign given the news that Bruno had passed in the night, due to lack of blood. This event took a heavy toll on moral and brought Povle to depression. After tending to his wounds he was conciled by Arica about being needed to keep them all alive.Night 11: nearly back to physical peak Murkov headed out to scavenge. He deicided a local brothel was his best option, He was desperate for food and medicine as they were now completely out of both, and who knew when they'd next catch a rat to eat. arriving and taking no time to quickly loot severaly trash heeps he soon came across a trader. A lone trader. Desperation fueled his actions as he quickly took out his shovel and beat the man into submission. He fell to his knees and begged for mercy but none was to be had as the final blow was struck. Horrified at his actions Murkov was shaken, but pressed on as he looted the lifeless corpse on the ground, taking the gun that laid out before him and looting the dead man's cabinet, taking all the cigarrettres and medicine from inisde.Murkov heard foot steps running downstairs but quickly ran out before they reached him.SKIPPING AHEADDay 20: Povle is missing. He never came home from his scavenging mission and the others feared he was caught out in the sunlight, when sniper fire made all life hug shadows and rubble like lizards in the sun. Arica was now the only fit member of the group as murkov laid in bed bandaged and bloodied from a run in with bandits in a super market. the only good side to this was the surplus of food they had now begun to hoard religiously.Povle finally arrived home. Nearly dead from his wounds. Using the last of their bandages he was patched  up and left to rest.Night 20: Arica needed to go out for meds. If either Murkov or Povle were to make it alive they would need them. Sadly this meant no one was left to guard the safe house but their defenses had heald till now. An easy run through an old house proved trivial but not as fruitfull as she had hoped.Day 21: God have mercy, The safe house had been looted and Povle murdered. Murkov had taken a fever. Arica fell into a depression.Night 22: Arica needed to find medicine, and she need ammunition in case of bandits. She decided tonight she would go to an old warhouse. upon arrival she heard the voices of two men, and by  peaking through a door hole she spotted them. Armed bandits. she heard them talking about raiding relief caravans and torturing other survivors. Disgusted and scared she turned to run but she had gotten careless and not heard a third man sneak up behind her, With a gun to her face and no where to run Arica armed herself and shot the man as he shot her. LUckily she had the better aim and got the joy of watching his body fall to the ground in the cold rain. The joy was short lived however as the door begind her was swung open and the dead man's friends ran through and without hesitation gunned down Arica.SKIP AHEADDay 25: Winter has come. And Markov is too weak to stand, He lays curled in a ball by the stove. He is cold, alone, and hungry. Bombs go off in the distance and gun fire can be heard not far away. Yesterday a women and her daughter could be heard screamign for help as they were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and murdered. They had come to him asking for protection but he turned them away. He was too weak to help even himself. he cried to himself as he shivered.Why?Why must brothe kill brother?Why must man kill man to survive?How can we justify our actions when we see the faces of the dead everytime our eyes close or open?Do the dead truly care about the regrets of the living?Markov knew he'd know the answer soonDay 26: Markov die that night from sickness.This is a game about war. the realities of war. The cruelty of human kind. It is ugly what we do to one another when we feel threatend and insecure. This may be a game, but if you play this game Think to yourself what you would truly do in the situation these people find themsevles in. Think of how often you woudl cry knowing the blood that was spilt by your hands. And how cold you would be when your closest friend died, knowing it only meant more food for yourself."
76561198039203265,Recommended,282070,12978727,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Vickie_Imaginate,"I will first start this review with a thanks to a good youtuber (Bowlingotter) for livestreaming this game. I would not have learnt about it and gotten addicted. This deserves a review from me.This game, right on the bat, is all about survival not in a typical post apocastytic or zombie world but in a war-destroyed city. Through the eyes of a cilivan. It's a very new fresh plot and this survival is brutal and emotional. You take control over a handful of survivors and you have to make tough choices not only for your group but with people outside also struggling just as much as you do. It can have dramatic effects on your team, even to the point they see everything as hopeless! It hits at your heartstrings and even if you fail, you just become more determined to do better and for god's sake, help this team as much as you can on the next run. They are very much important to you in survival. That's how much I've been feeling! This is a game that brilliantly depicts how a real war can effect people in the worst case scenarios as they survive.There are no shortcuts either. The game doesn't even hold your hand. You can become a monster and steal from a family just to keep yourself alive or be a saint to help other civilians (sometimes at the cost of time or items). Food, water and materials is scarce and you can end up having to think rationally or irrationally to try and live past the next day. Some people can be hostile while others are friendly, provided you don't double cross them. The difficulty in surviving is one of many reasons I like in this game. Others are the unquie grisly dark atmosphere, the gameplay, the backstories of each character and the randomization, making each playthrough different. What's more, I don't have anything that's worth nitpicking! I'm not even bummed out about the deaths (ok, actually that is a terrible thing to say because the deaths really do make it heartwrenching too!) and just look forward to playing again.Perhaps two concerns to everyone else would be the price and replayability. I will admit before playing, a price for a 2D game did seem overwhelmingly but I actually see it now as reasonable for the content I'm given, imo. Replayability however is average as the randomization chances seemed very low that makes much difference sometimes and you do have scripted events. You can also run out of complete resources too. So if you're not too sure, you should check out videos about this game just as I had on seeing the gameplay at the livestream. See what other people, beside me, say about the game and if you agree with them. I will say confidently that for those who love survival games as much as I do, you won't be at all disappointed.Also, to make it more convinicing, my first playthrough, I saved a girl from a horrid event, got myself an assault rifle, found out how much of a best friend a hatchet can be buuut few days later, everyone died from starvation... Heh. Bowlingotter was right. This is a depression simulation. 0-0 Thumbs up."
,Recommended,282070,14921828,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,shiv,The most depressing thing i've ever played.
,Recommended,282070,15109284,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,The_Galloping_Gazelle,"This game is crazy amazing! The aspects of moral and what to do and not... It's amazing about the life lessons this game can allude to you and show you. You all have to get it!It's really hard to explain without giving away much, but what I can say is that sometimes you must do what is wrong to do something right.Also, just because it's a video game doesn't mean you won't feel regret and remorse. You have been warned."
76561198009729707,Recommended,282070,16454172,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Blair The Very Magical Cat,Day 5. Steady until now.Day 6. No food left whatsoever.Day 7. Someone got killed.Day 8. Someone else got killed.Day 9. The last survivor commited suicide.10/10. Fantasticly dark. Buy it.
,Recommended,282070,16489869,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Just@Panda,"Very emotional game. I cant remember when I did REACT to a game last time but this one makes you Feel and Think and also Remember about value and priority of life. It's not a game for ""anyone"" but a game for EveryONE! By that I mean not every casual gamer will like this game cause the gameplay is poor and the ""gaming"" part is not richly worked throu but The main idea of This War Of Mine is much bigger and 11 bit studios did REALLY success on the deep of their project and its worth to try to see what their point is about conflicts and war."
,Recommended,282070,16489887,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,humanvegetableonline2002,"Everyone was super depressed. That's when I figured out you could talk to other people. Only took 14 days to figure that out. Too bad I only lasted 14 days.10/10 depressionI found out how to beat this game with ease. First, get the sneaky girl (the one that sneaks). Then get one knife. Go to the military base and go up the tower (quietly) and go right up behind that guard. Insta-kill him then take his AK and then proceed to wipe out the entire base by using: an open door, cover system, loud noises.Once you have one AK and 30 bullets, you can wipe out everybody on any map. Just open a door, cover, shoot, bait, shoot some more. Then you can loot ANY map with no problems and then sell the extra weapons for even more loot. Is this not too real?47/47 AK is OP."
76561198038740704,Recommended,282070,16474509,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DimeStore,The simple mechanics frame an amazingly powerful storytelling game. I have been a gamer for decades and this is simply the most emotionally powerful storytelling game I've ever played. The game mechanics are fun and challenging but I have never felt such deep satisfaction at a hard-fought win than with this game.
76561198037339672,Recommended,282070,16472760,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jellius,"Interesting concept, really makes you think about the other side of war by not playing as a soldier killing everybody but as a regular civilian struggling to survive in the rubble thats left behind."
,Recommended,282070,16480370,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[IG] Onii-Chan,9/10pros: cool crafting systemalot of places to scavange fromsomewhat intresting storytells you what happens to each cherecter after they survive (if you can get that far)nice combat system to where the player isnt a bullet sponge but can still take a hitdiffrent personalitys in cherectersreally neet tradeing systemcons: no doing whatever you want without dieingtoo stupid to use guns (or just to lazy to figure it out)majority of playable cherecters are really ♥♥♥♥♥y when you kill someone or stealRoman is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥notes: shovels are aprently really effective wacking stickspeople do not require toiletspeople fight with eachother for no reasoni ♥♥♥♥ing hate romandid i mention i hate roman?needy nextdoor nabiorsrat cages are OP as ♥♥♥♥guns are really the only way to defend your base(UPDATE)roman is still a♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282070,16483965,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Juan Riaza,Such a piece of art.
76561198088973825,Recommended,282070,16507304,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dr. Uranus,"My first kill in this game was a couple of Elderly people, the grandpa didnt put up much of a fight against my shovel, when i 360 noscoped him. Had to chase the grandma into the basment where i split her head in, found 3 diamonds and then exchanged them later for some cigarrets.Best day ever.10/10 Would raid again"
,Recommended,282070,16513283,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,obesity,"> 1 canned food ""It's very generous of you""> 2 canned food ""You've gotta be kidding, show me some more""10/10 would trade franko again"
,Recommended,282070,16459217,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Conov,"This game is ""simple"" but amazing, extraordinary, incredible. Highly recommended. Unique experience!"
76561198221991888,Recommended,282070,16639387,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,PlayahPita,I had to stab an elderly couple for one can of bad tasting meat.10/10 would stab again
,Recommended,282070,16631298,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,recluse,"The only  game where you can go 9 days without food and water, and no matter how much you feed the fat guy, he's always starving... 10/10 would starve again!"
76561197978231551,Recommended,282070,16623999,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Flipside,"Pavle helped a defenceless girl, reinforced the neighbours shelter but steals some supplies which get him a sad ending? Roman goes on a mad, cold blooded, killing spree. This results in atleast 8 dead bodies and gets a good ending? Seems legit.A healthy (no speed penalty), content (speed boost), Pavle (speciality: fast runner), with a large gun like a shotgun (large guns gives speed boost, while equiped) is too funny. He runs so fast it is stupid.Bruno is an egoistical bugger, but atleast he can cook the best meat and vegetable soup in town. Too bad he smokes all the damn cigarettes.Scavenger comes home and it is winter. Better check the radio for news:""Winter hold us firmly in it icy grip. Many people froze to death in recent days. The only upside is the decrease in crime, as even the bandits huddle in their home.""Well thats good! No raids!*Switches channel*""Beware of bands of looters roaming the city. It's best to lock your doors and stay inside.""WTF game!? Make up your damn mind!Emilia is leathaly wounded and depressed! Well, I better cheer her up with Zlata... Good news, I have a bandage. Bad news, I am an idiot and forgot to bandage her. Welp. Emilia died of severe wounds, everyone is depressed and we are on a downward spiral. Well crap.10 / 10Would play again.In all seriousness, it is a good game. Check other reviews instead of mine."
76561198035804000,Recommended,282070,23338388,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,KanmanDS,"One of the best games in my library. I come back around to it every few months.This is the most depressing, hopeless version of The Sims I have ever seen. You control your people in a doll-house style game play. During the day, you improve your home and prepare for the night. During the night, you venture in to the warzone to gather resources and hope things go well back home in your absence.It is an amazingly entertaining walk through surviving a warzone as a civilian, not a super-soldier, not a hero, just a civilian. Like in real life, if you get in to a fight with a stranger, you will probably die. When you die, you are permanently dead. It really brings a flavor of warzone survival to those of us fortunate enough to have never known it in real life.On your first run through the game, you will likely cower in the shadows when you encounter strangers in trouble. When you get comfortable with the game, you may try to save them. Maybe you can be a hero. Maybe you die trying, to be forgotten in a mass grave, just another victim of the war.Each run through the game is like reading a novel of war survival. It has its ups and downs. Maybe it has a happy ending. Maybe no one survives. Engaging and emotionally stressful game. Highly recommended."
76561198088524597,Recommended,282070,23336387,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Chefie McCheface,"This game is heartbreaking and breathtaking. The saddest moment I have encountered, is when I realized if I want to live, before I become a prey, I shall prey on others."
,Recommended,282070,23404052,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,haillow,entertaining!
76561198059967569,Recommended,282070,23380272,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Tyinthor,"Fantastic game, interesting concepts, and great atmosphere. However, (and I am using a Macbook), the game constantly crashes. Just be forewarned that it may be a possibility."
,Recommended,282070,23435456,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Retr0,"A Nice Game, It's Challenging And Umm What's The Word??? OH Right ""Thrilling""If You Bought This Game, It Wouldn't be A Waste Of MoneyCuz It's Awesome"
76561198127989188,Recommended,282070,23437497,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,OG,"Teammate in CSGO dies: ""Ah damn it welp gl next time""When a survivor dies in This war of mine: ""*sobs* you're gonna be missed my friend..""9/10Made me care and sympathize with pixels."
76561198005962054,Recommended,282070,14873394,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Nivix(MystLynx),"The game is really atmospheric and quite difficult. Interesting, distinct characters. Different environment settings. Wonderful art style and awesome music. Worth the money."
,Recommended,282070,27943481,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jacksonj04,"Every so often people ask ""can video games really be art?"". This War of Mine proves without a doubt that they can."
,Recommended,282070,23260055,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,isthisscience,"A sure fire way to get depressed. I have a habit of giving up on it a lot when I do badly (which is most of the time) and someone gets shot, or there is no food, or someone gets depressed because they stole from old people. With that last one, they felt better when I got them some moonshine which then made me depressed that I'd encouraged them to turn to drink. I'll say this for it. As a game, it does what it sets out to do. A great game, but certainly not light entertainment!"
,Recommended,282070,23392476,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Farrison Hord,I killed a woman with a shovel and got a shotgun. 10/10 would shovel again
76561198026456885,Recommended,282070,23392479,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,sdmaturin,Very engaging. Not boring. Breathless until the end.One piece of advice: save your bullets for the shotgun and rifle.
,Recommended,282070,23393753,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Seventh Sausage,depressing... yet beautiful :)
,Recommended,282070,23395359,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Piper_VibesX,"Easily one of the best games I have ever played. I reccomend it to everyone I know.It is HARD. As it should be, surviving a war is very hard. Your choices have direct and indirect concequences, the characters are very developed and the amount of story in game is actually unreal. The amount of time put into this game is very easy to see and easily sucks you into the world for hours. I will be playing this game for a very long time.PS: The amount of creative play room the players have in the workshop is amazing. Its lovely to see the designers are so supportive of indie mod creaters."
,Recommended,282070,13253116,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,notplatypus,"Beautiful, immersive and a fresh outlook on how war is seen. In a time when kids are becoming disensitized to war, this game tries to show you that war is horrible. The background music, environment and art style makes you feel like youre really in the ruins of an urban warzone. This War of Mine has drastically exceeded my expectations. I must recommend it to everyone."
76561198065964036,Recommended,282070,23408288,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Frater_Tice,"This game is brutal! I can't play it for long in what sitting because it depresses me, but it is also captivating! Atmospheric doesn't even begin to discribe; this game pulls you in, grabs you by the throat and refuses to let go!"
,Recommended,282070,23408865,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Seckler,"I think its a great game, shows how hard is to survive in times of war, i like the concept ihope there will be more content to it or a WOM 2."
76561198141647139,Recommended,282070,23411851,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,6feetpete,This game is a great way to kill sometime and is very sad and emotional. It is well worth the twenty dollars that I paid to get it.
,Recommended,282070,23413717,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Jerry,"This game is addictive, and I didn't expect it will be this good. I love don't starve series, and this is a different experience. This game really gives you the real feeling of survival in the modern war with beautiful background and music all along.Love this game!! <3"
76561198046760751,Recommended,282070,23414888,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,On963,This game grabs your heartstrings and holds on fore dear life.This is the game you play to feel the whold rage of emotions.
,Recommended,282070,23493020,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BrotherNero [Master-Puppets],This game goes really good with Pink Floyd
,Recommended,282070,13682613,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sirchancelotx,"I hesitated for a long time on whether or not to buy this game, and when I Finally did I have not been able to stop playing it. If only for the challenges you need to overcome and the world that it portrays, I have completely fallen in love with this title. Agonizing over my decisions, feeling like I made the right choice, to instant regret, I have cursed many times playing This war of Mine, and I still love it more than the first time I played. If you are on the fence about whether or not you will enjoy it, I can honestly say you probably will and you will get addicted. Give it a try, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,282070,15975825,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,WizBiz,"When I want to sit down and get emotional, this is my go to game. For every second I play, I wish I am not going to be shot, not going to be raided, that Borris and Katia will make it through the night, and the sniper will miss his next shot.Pros- Unique Art Style- Immersion- Flawless gameplay- Immersion- Making the simplist of tasks have meaning and depth- ImmersionCons- All the rage when I DIDN'T EVEN WANT THE STUPID MEDICINE"
,Recommended,282070,25500676,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,[32nd] Diamond63,"This is just beautiful game. It can be hard if you don't focus on 1 or 2 things. If you want everything, well it's not gonna happen. The main objective is to survive. There is no point in raiding military camp because you will, in 99% cases, get killed. Instead, you need to keep balance, figure out from who you can steal and with who you just have to trade.People say replay value is low, but that is not entirely true. There are different playstyles. You can grow plants, make meds and cigarres and then trade them for food, materials etc. Or you can just scavenge some materials, make and level up weapon workshop and raid poor people. There are few more different possibilities, but I will let you find out by yourself.Developers are just great, they even launched a campaign to translate game to several languages, where players can do translating. I am one of the translators for my language and I will just say that what you see in first playthrough is nothing. There are dozens of different stories, characters, not just ones you get in first playthrough. Also every character has different ending story, whether they survive or not, based on decisions you make during game. So just by reading all those, I figured out that this game is all about struggle during war, emotional moments, tough decisions, and it makes you think: ""What would I do if I were there?"" So it's not just about gameplay, build, scavenge, sleep, eat...This is the game with such a deep story and such a deep message. The message that all people in the world should see. And that message is: War is pointless.I will end my review with this quote, I find it suitable for this situation:“What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans and the homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or in the holy name of liberty or democracy?”― Mahatma Gandhi"
,Recommended,282070,25464215,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Pixel Beats,"Very emotional game, talks about war and what people do to survive, kill or steal or leave, it is your choice... but realise, your actions have consequences.."
76561198138294071,Recommended,282070,25522951,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,St33l Sp3kt0r,"+ Quite an interesting game that provides a nice challenge.+ Different characters and traits allow for multiple playthroughs.+ Visuals, sounds and dialogue are spot on, so you feel like you are really there.Worth the asking price, especially if it's on sale."
76561197967462714,Recommended,282070,20172381,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Primalfear,"Got this on 50% sale, very enjoyable game!Great atmosphere."
,Recommended,282070,25435876,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,theaoneone,Very good survival. I wish that there is a game similar to this and have a zombie mode or something.
76561198067661911,Recommended,282070,16013320,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,cherrhi,"Incredibly diverse game, not what I expected at all (in a pleasant sense), though later in the game after surviving for so long the whole process becomes somewhat repetitive and frustrating, though I suppose, really, that's the point of the game. 7/10."
76561197970543389,Recommended,282070,16456341,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Goretooth,A must have war survival game that is so well polished.
,Recommended,282070,13024121,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TheRealDEG,"This game is pretty awesome, with the exception of the terrible combat system. half the time your character slowly walks to the enemy, getting shot and killed stalking up to his target right in front of the targets face......they just need to fix the combat system and this game would be amazing. Its basically sims during war. you fix up your base, and keep your characters alive by scavenging locations and AVOIDING enemies, i stress that, avoid all conflict, its harder said than done and is nearly impossible, but can be done."
,Recommended,282070,17606608,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Matumbrambang,I love this game so much.....so adicting
,Recommended,282070,21095189,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,W!tch,"The game is absolutely STUNNING! The art style, the game play, The Stories! Everything about this game is beautiful and jaw dropping. I can list out everything in full detail if I wanted too. But, I dont feel like wasting your time, instead you should be playing this game! So here is a short summarization of the game, and a list of things that make it great.THE LIST1. The art style is sketchy but everything is 3D, its like Don't Starve for hardcore players!2. It feels almost realistic! It almost feels like you're there with them, going through every grueling/sad/happy momment with them.3. There is no end in sight! With the game allowing modders and other small developers in the workshop to get their hands on this game, the possibilities are almost endless.4. The backstories to each character (Im not going to give any away) are tear jerking and almost realistic. Some players may even relate to a select few of characters and get very attached to them.5. Last but very much not least! The game is breath taking, once you start playing, you can't stop. You need to help these people, you need to make them survive, you need to get them healthy, safe, happy, and strong. If not, you will crumble through the hands of life and fade away into the gun powder filled skies.My Thoughts and About The GameThe backstory to the game is fairly simple, you are a small group of people (Normally 3, but you can expand through the game.) who have survived the short amount of shellings in your area, you have grouped together to survive as long as possible, with no end in sight to the war. You have to deal with hunger, sleep deprivation, sickness, bandits, raiders, wounds, depression, addictions, and many more things in this insane plain of madness. The people are seperated into 6 groups, bandits, thieves, hobos, scavangers, traders, and settlers. These people all fend for themselves or come to others for help to survive these tough times, or they come to steal from you and others in order to live longer. You and your group have the choice of stealing from others, helping them, killing everyone, or doing nothing. The situations you are put in are almost life like and can lead to many different possibilites. Some decisions lead to tear jerkers, others lead to happy situations. The game is based off of making hard decisions in a life like world where each decision is crucial. It's like the butterfly effect, if you make a bad decision, it effects everyone else in the group. You need to balance out everything and make sure everyone gets what they need when they need it. Like I said before, the game is about decision making, if you are bad at this, i don't think this game is for you. But to everyone else out there... Get it now! It is worth every penny you put into it.Sincerely,Kr3s"
,Recommended,282070,25479511,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Latte,One of the hardest games I have ever played.
76561198120895549,Recommended,282070,20234169,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LordBoots,I literally cannot stop playing this game. The slow pace and dismal atmosphere couple with the anxiety from the decisions to be made evoke very strong pathos and a need to help these people survive.With numerous scenarios and people playing a new round finds you in need of different resources and alternate ways to find them.Have not yet tried the workshop for building new scenarios as yet but with the recent updates it looks to be every bit as engrossing as the core game.10/10-LordBoots
76561198003592014,Recommended,282070,20882598,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DeathWishMofo,"Beautiful game. First play through, I did the normal thing we all do. Steal everything, kill anyone who tries and stops you. My 3 person household ended in everyone depressed and broken. Mmmk lets start again. this time I will be the CHAMPION OF THE PEOPLE! My house gets targeted by constant raids (I think I might have moved the conflict level to medium on this one) All my people are wounded, hungry and depressed. RESTART! All together the learning curve was about 2 days. Memorizing what tools/resources you need depending on what area you're scavenging in is a must. This game provided me a solid month and a half of entertainment. Worth the money. And buy the donation, its only a dollar you savages."
,Recommended,282070,21467450,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Caesar Dressing,Bruno is a♥♥♥♥♥
76561198063497553,Recommended,282070,13620826,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,01blaze2,This game is pretty good. It's fairly simple to play but a challange to succeed. I'm still playing and looking forward to playing more to try out the rest of the characters in the story.
76561198170012942,Recommended,282070,19630725,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,GIRTH,GREAT GAME... END OF REVIEW
76561198096083241,Recommended,282070,21707868,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Brizzy,Marco was shot and killed.. I cried and quit the game and held a little funeral in my head.
,Recommended,282070,19551436,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,saguran,"My first try at the survival genre. Pretty interesting game. Good resource and people management. The game can be quite ruthless though. There were some weird things. People would get wounded, but not get in a fight? Weird. Also, the survivors are really fragile. I tried in one of the playthroughs not to steal and it was very difficult to get food. They were moaning for food, so I stole eventually. Then they all got depressed because they stole. Little things like that got to me. The games are random, which is nice. Different people with different strengths and weaknesses. Different places to scavenge and different weather patterns. I just wish you could scavenge with 2 people at once, seems like a waste going with 1 person and it's a pain, since most of them can only carry 10 items.I finished the war once so far, going to try and finish it again, but with only one guy, should be quite interesting.Also, I understand that you should not be able to load, that makes your decisions more important. But you should be able to choose when it saves, because apparently it only saves on the start of the day, which is annoying.All in all, good game for the money. Would recommend it, but it's certainly not for everyone."
76561198100408897,Recommended,282070,21540665,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Riki100%,It is very good at details.It is very realistic.It is worth for what you paied.
,Recommended,282070,19856525,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,NinthPistal,"The game has beautiful graphics, and it's possibly the most realistic game I'v ever played. With the occasional explosion in the background, and the well suited background music, it makes the game fun to play and addictive. Though it could expand even more by putting new food in the game, and add thirst to the game so you need a little bit of water every couple of days just to make it a bit more tricky."
,Recommended,282070,20294810,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,✪✪PYRUS✪✪ hellcase.com,I've seen so many long reviews.But my review for this game is like this :This War of Mine  is why games are art!
76561198076077631,Recommended,282070,20186357,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,NesZu,"First time i saw this game on youtube ""It just a side scroll game""Then another next time i saw many one role play this game ""I like it theme ""and the last when i play this game ""It's make me cry T^T"""
,Recommended,282070,14908974,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Littlepip,"I just watched an injured womans last moments before she killed herself to avoid starvation. I ratted out my neigbors for a pack of ciggarets and coffee. I sent a depressed wounded man into a sniper crossfire for a shovel.This game makes me feel like the worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in the world and I love it for that.If you're going to buy the game then drop some money on the War Child DLC, all of the profit from it goes to The War Child charity and helps people who actually have to make these decisions live better. At minimum its only .99 cents but you can pay more if you're feeling generous.If you're expecting a fun filled survivalist crafting game, this isn't that. While it has its moments it is a fairly simple game and I can see some people getting tired of the gameplay quickly. That doesn't mean you shouldn't buy it.It's different, it's deppressing and it's something im not gonna forget for a while.That's it."
,Recommended,282070,18005480,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PsychoJaz,"I love games like this. But I can honestly say that this is my favorite game of the year by far. I've logged almost 73 hours playing this game and i've enjoyed every moment of this. It isn't just your simple survival game, not only do you need to feed people and make sure they are healthy, you also need to make sure you make smart choices on what to do. Sure you can rob someone for supplies but there is a chance that it will make your person depressed and it just gets depressing from there. The fact that this is based off of something that has really happened and is still happening in places around the world also adds an amazing feeling to this game. You can tell that the developers worked hard on this game and wanted to translate the feelings you can get with a warzone. I've felt depressed, worried, happy, excited, nervous and other feelings while playing this game. I love this game, and I cannot wait to play even more of it!"
76561198107002580,Recommended,282070,19623394,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,"†yrell ""growing strong""",Best game ever~~
76561198119775869,Recommended,282070,20158484,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,GENERAL KENOBI,"I started playing this game in February of 2015. At first, I didn't expect much. What I expected was a copy of the Sims set in a war-torn city. Oh, how ignorant and wrong I was. This War of Mine took my breath away, with the gameplay, atmosphere, and the fact that it made me depressed when all of my protagonists died."
,Recommended,282070,13032297,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,☆ STARBOY 。,"This game is really, really hard. There's not other way to put it. Not only is it difficult to keep your characters alive, it is extremely difficult to make some of the choices you are forced to make. Toward the beginning of my playthrough, I made the choice to steal from a small apartment building near my shelter. Without thinking, I took from a stash labeled ""private propety"". I just took what was in there and ran before I could get caught. It wasn't until I got back and my characters questioned, ""How will those people survive without what we took"" did I realize just what I had done.Somehow, this game truly conveys the horrors of war and how difficult the decisions you make can be. I felt sick after stealing from those people and vowed never to steal from private property again. I haven't since; hopefully I won't have to in the future. Either way, this is an excellent game. The controls take some getting used to at first, but I'm really enjoying myself. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,282070,20526523,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,driveandkill,A very emotional and well designed game for a good price especially on sales
,Recommended,282070,21086355,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Caslas,"A breath of fresh air when it comes to the scavenging survival format of games, superbly well made game with a very hard hitting feel to it, you really do sympathize with each character and what they go through, this is by no means a easy game either. The game gives you a real rewarding sense after making tough choices but can also make you feel like scum when you do questionable things, so that you can keep your own people alive.This game is listed at £15, for me I would happily pay £30-40 because it is a solid all round game that’s very well made and devs who make games this well deserve the money for it, some AAA publishers not so much."
,Recommended,282070,13426066,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,TeriyakiStyle,Very interesting and challenging game.  Good decisions = survival.  Bad decisions means a character you like or need will die.Use your characters strengths - make cigarettes - and remember a knife is the last weapon you learn as a professional.
76561198198424417,Recommended,282070,23481828,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Bouddhy,"If you enjoy survival games, this is one of a kind. Some say it is repetitive, and once you know some tricks it become easier to make it, that's true. But still the immersion is great and you'll be realizing a lot of things about what war looks like from a non-soldier point of view.However I got this annoying bug : when going to scavenge, if my backpack isn't empty I have to first open it before attempting to pick up material. If I forget to do that, the game crashes and I have to start again the entire day. Sometimes the game crashes when clicking on ""scavenge"" before the loading screen. And sometimes it crashes when Im first opening the backpack. (I would say these two lasts bugs are happening every 10-15 days).Im on ubuntu 16.04 using prime to run the game, I don't know if that is the cause.Once you now how to avoid this bug, the game is really enjoyable. Thumbs up."
76561198204009761,Recommended,282070,23449577,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,King PN0Y,"So far so good, really enjoyable but challenging at the same time in some respect. Only issue is my game keeps crashing after 20 minutes... Hopefully can be fixed as soon as possible as I lose so much progress each time..."
,Recommended,282070,23109596,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Necular,i love the management of yourr people and how comlplex it can get at times
,Recommended,282070,15171127,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,justpeachyy UpgradeCSGO.com,"I loved playing this game. I think I actually played it for an entire day once. I only ever ran into one problem which I'm sure was some sort of bug with my game, but each time I went to a certain area to search for supplies my game would crash. Other than that one problem I would suggest this game to people who can't play online games due to lag or just arn't any good at other genre of game."
76561198064993835,Recommended,282070,18783083,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MatthenOG,11/10 would get sniped again.
76561197974559132,Recommended,282070,21623402,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MoonMoon,"No magic, no super powers, no hopes. The game tries to show the horror of war throught the eyes of a group of civilians, trying by any means to survive. You will have hard choices to make.... war is a *****."
76561198028190650,Recommended,282070,13515032,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hexxxis,"Words do not even begin to describe how mesmerizing this game is. I spent quite a while playing around with it and getting to know the mechanics before finishing my first playthrough, and I couldn't help but notice I frequently found myself with goosebumps, or biting my nails wondering if I was going to have enough to make it through the night, let alone through the whole war.When the end finally rolled around it was so rewarding just to feel like I finally had survived. Will start again tomorrow.10/10"
76561198035619617,Recommended,282070,13555956,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Algos,"This War of Mine has found its way to make me happier than a child on christmas day, and cry like Seth Rogan when ""The Interview almost didn't get released. Its find's it's way into your heart and pull on your strings but also makes you smile when you know you've done something right. Now i didn't actually cry! but it did make me sit back and think this game makes you think about what you've done, or could've done differently. All sappy feelings aside..11/10"
,Recommended,282070,22213070,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,metadata3388,Best apocalypse simulator with showing war's cruel situation.
76561198048922625,Recommended,282070,20194082,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,cepeжa,At first i thought this game would be easy. I thought that stealing from others would be easy and looking for goods would be the same. First few days were not that hard to handle. But then came lots of troubles like no food or no medicine. Most of my people were hungry for days and sick.This game makes you do bad stuff you wouldnt even think of doing. I think everyone should play it because it tells alot about people in need during a war.
76561198176533758,Recommended,282070,24307597,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Person Guy,"HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DOES HEATING MY HOUSE WORK!?!?!?!?Okay, calming down. It was pretty good, but I have no idea how much fuel I need or when to use it or how much temp it raises. If someone can tell me how that works, I'd give this game a...heartbreak/10(serriously though, it's good)"
76561198069152867,Recommended,282070,18775853,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Carnexc,"This War Of Mine is an amazing game. This game is sad and depressing.It's a survival game. So you're trying to survive in war and not fight in it.It has a great replayability and the atmosphere is really good.You can craft things like shovel, crowbar, knives, guns etc...At night you either scavenge to find supplies, steal from other people, kill them or trade with them.I really recommend this game. As I said it's amazing!!"
76561198055130584,Recommended,282070,20443462,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,SuperKingChris,Affecting!
,Recommended,282070,33106892,Posted: 1 July,all,JayVee,Atmospheric
76561198033721398,Recommended,282070,33144257,Posted: 2 July,all,☢ Albert Wesker ☣,nice game i like it
76561198036986677,Recommended,282070,33130685,Posted: 2 July,all,Revenant,Awesome game
76561198030716513,Recommended,282070,33113348,Posted: 1 July,all,phished22,You will become emotionally attached to these Character!
76561198159376849,Recommended,282070,27540870,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Timonel de Carcajona,"A gut-wrenching experience, This War of Mine confronts the player with all of the dark realities of civil war. While other games might focus on the tales of brave soldiers, this one is concerned with the surviving the fallout. At times endearing, at times devastating, this game can teach you much about being human and relating to one another."
,Recommended,282070,32599386,Posted: 20 June,all,Klarum,"A great game! Innovative, well executed, and interesting."
,Recommended,282070,33064163,Posted: 30 June,all,DOOR'S STUCK! DOOR'S STUCK!,"When I bought this game, I thought I'd be in for an adventure that would be fun but not that impacting. Boy, was I wrong. I decided to kill some homeless people and the game makes sure that your roommates know, and sends you on a guilt trip. I tried to right it by not snitching on a neighbour. The game made me felt better. If you don't have feels, don't buy this game. If you do, you should get it because it'll test how far you will go to help your friends. Some of the in-game dialogue doesn't match up (personality-wise) with the diary in peoples' bios, but nah ♥♥♥♥ that, the game is good enough that that can be overlooked.Get it. No questions asked."
76561198031701032,Recommended,282070,15146296,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Temujin,"Replayability is extremely low (once you figure out what to build when, and how to win in combat), but it is still a very unique and fun game."
,Recommended,282070,15155303,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,RileyBee,"Haunting, engaging, and incredibly clever.  Within moments I found myself pulled into the plight of these poor souls trapped in a situation with no way out.  The game is at once accessible but like an onion you peel away the layers and find more just below the surface.  I will enjoy the game for many more hours to come."
,Recommended,282070,13152687,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Gweepo,"The only three things I can say against it are.1. Bad clicking system. If I want to knife somebody from a hiding place, you have to click on the big knife Icon... I did, and I stepped out of cover only to get shot in the face... multiple times...2. Hard. This is a really hard game if you are looking for causual play, It is fun, just hard to get used to and master.3. Anton.... He just isnt useful at all... Sorry Anton.. You just suck at life.. I would kill you if everyone else wouldnt get depressed about it.Everything else is amazing though. The art style, the emotional connection. Great game overall!!!!"
,Recommended,282070,15162684,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Likbea,"At first I said ♥♥♥♥ the game play. Then I said ♥♥♥♥ off me, for insulting the game play.You could be mistaken into thinking the game play is simple, and the topic too big for it.Simple game play sometimes makes for a natural connection for the player. I was ten minutes into it when I broke into a house and murdered an old couple for food. I stopped playing, and broken down in tears.So orginal view point of '♥♥♥♥ the game play'. ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Recommended,282070,15205946,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Thuresson,A solid bang for the buck.
,Recommended,282070,15244182,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SpacePimps,A game that shows creativity and reality 10/10
76561198022755470,Recommended,282070,15230146,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,lelanduk,"Man, this game is depressing, but in a good way - if that's possible.  In a market flooded with violent shoot-em-ups which glorify war and massacre, it's good to have a game that highlights the awful reality of conflict.  It's like a wake-up call to those of us who think blood and gore is so much fun.  After all, what harm can a violent video game cause, right?  Desensitisation, that's what.Full of life-threatening decisions, despair, and bleak hope, this game really hits the emotions.  I never thought I'd see a game that so unashamedly exposes the true horror of war.  It really hits you hard when you see your people starving, or dying of their wounds.  The most thought-provoking game I've ever known of.A brave move by the game studio as well.  It would have been all too easy to produce another tired cliche of a war game, but they've taken things in another direction.  This truly is survival horror.  There are no zombies, or monsters to worry about here.  Just the most dangerous beast of them all - mankind.If you want a gritty game that's not afraid to really put you in the thick of things, you can do no better than this.  This remarkable game touches you, haunts you, and makes you think.  Now tell me, how many other games can boast that?Despite it's depressive nature, you'll want to play this again and again.  I know I'll be back for another run-through as soon as I've cheered myself up a little.  You find yourself really caring what happens to your group of survivors, finding it gut-wrenching when something bad happens.  It's like losing your best friend,   When my first character died, I really felt down.  When they all died, I felt so sad I could have cried.The game market is full of half-realised titles that simply don't deliver the goods.  This does in a way you'll not easily forget.  It's great to see someone put thoughts like this into the common person's head.  Only when we truly realise the disgrace of war that we'll want it to stop.Can't recommend highly enough.  Just play it!"
76561198000929132,Recommended,282070,14797798,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,skyrim345,"It is a marvellous game where u will find something different. There are a lot of commerntaries about this game, i just want to say that if u like to play games and u feel as a veteran gamer u need to buy and play it.  It is a game to be played. Congratulations to developers, they have made a very good game... waiting ur new ideas. There is something really good there..."
,Recommended,282070,13793543,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kenedy Kross,"When I made it through the war to an end, I won't touch this game again. Not because it's not a good game. Because I'm too scare, I'm scare I won't have that good luck again. For war, only once is more than enough. The best war game ever. 10/10"
76561198050707088,Recommended,282070,13290341,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,GuiKesselring,so a just finished a 9 hours streak on this game... and it is so difficult that makes us reeeeeeeaally addicted to it.AWESOME game. requires a lot of time and understanding of the game to master it... and I'm not even close to see the end of the war.Survived for 42 days
,Recommended,282070,17395242,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Luke_Smash,"Great time killer, cannot wait to play again! :)"
,Recommended,282070,16496131,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[H]eisenberG,"Nice game, I love is"
76561197964258638,Recommended,282070,17390920,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,WhutWut,Different play from other games out there. Atmosphere and weight of consequences. It feels very true to the experience of non combatants in a war zone. Absolutely love it!
76561198002747771,Recommended,282070,16938508,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,FUNKSTA,I didn't expect much what seems a simple type of game but it becomes very addictive. Questioning your survival skills and morals in the worst of war torn conditions. Got this in the steam sale and it was a bargain !!!
76561198080652000,Recommended,282070,16621511,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK,I freaking love this game so far its super hard but really fun only things its missing is some co op and this would be even better I give it a 9/10 i would give it a 10/10 but its not co op
,Recommended,282070,16908277,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Smiley Dog,its a good game but it gets annoying when the guys go sick
,Recommended,282070,13889997,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Josh21qaz,"What makes this game different from other survival games? In Dayz I could pick someone off with a rifle and not feel a thing. Beat someone to death with a hatchet in Rust and only be excited for their loot.  Yet that didn't prepare me for an old man falling to his knees and crying for me to not take his sick wifes medicine, but I had no choice, my partner was ill.Once I was stealing from a house and I heard footsteps outside the door, I raised my pistol and waited for the door to open. As soon as it did I shot, It was a boy. I quickly hid in the shadows and watched as the boys mother dropped beside his body and cried. ""why not me?"" ""why would someone do this?"". No other survival game prepares you for that... Nothing does."
,Recommended,282070,12954909,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Drtrevelyn,"I love post-apocalypse fiction.  The atmosphere of helplessness, being lost without a guide, without a chance, without hope.This War of Mine does so many things so well right out of the gate.You are not a regenerating messiah from the depths of a vault.  You are not a techno-industrial cyber-soldier.  There are no faceless zombies to absolve you of ethics.You will feel frustrated because you cannot keep your survivors fed and healthy.  You will feel helpless and scared when you notice footsteps coming from upstairs while you are scavanging a house.  You will feel something for the people you have to rob or even kill to survive.  It's a hard game.  Not immensely difficult, just hard.  Cruel.  Unfair.  Such is life. In. The. Apocalyse."
76561198069191372,Recommended,282070,15911494,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,T.B,"Very good with reality connected game that tells about best and the worst human behavior and virtues..  is very easy to connect and to live with characters, but as numerous said before it really is sad story if you dive into it, while is very easy to do so, you can possibly discover some things about yourself for which you expected different reaction in real life..By all means i hope it does not, but it could be real scenario one day.. Only one negative thing for me is that it has no much replay value, only to play with other characters with some slight different abilities that do not have very big impact on playthrough..All in all   9/10 or 4.5/5  :)"
,Recommended,282070,33239233,Posted: 4 July,all,Drew the Uncle,"The Sims: Survival EditionJoking aside, the game is pretty fun to play. Yet, I think your play-time will be very limited due to the nature of the game being singleplayer.I would love to see a co-op option in the game (don't know if there are any plans on it?), so you could play with your friends against AI (I think playing against other players would destroy the mojo of the game)."
,Recommended,282070,17233332,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,knaimad,Best climatic game ever made! Good job 11 bit studio.
,Recommended,282070,32911778,Posted: 27 June,all,ZEGEES,"Losing 1 character in this game is like losing your life.Well, all my character died."
,Recommended,282070,33394491,Posted: 8 July,all,イザナギ,6 Hour to end 1 storyit fun but a bit hard and i can't let someone in camp diekill for survival or steal for survival or trade onlyi want to try all.
,Recommended,282070,31676365,Posted: 10 May,all,Bluedal3k,"This game is AMAZING! I love it because it manages to maintain simple controls, while a rich and emotional story unfolds. It lets you play from a perspective unique of most games - the civilian side of war that most fighting games ignore. Also, it made me cry..."
76561198079823188,Recommended,282070,28079350,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,(PG) Corythus,"It is a great emotional game.When you playing, if you can manage to feel through your decision, you can experience many interesting things."
,Recommended,282070,28899925,Posted: 1 January,all,hkr,Great survival game. Forces you to make hard choices.
,Recommended,282070,13411990,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ducking Duck Pz.D,Great game!What I really like is the atmospher of the game. It gives you a hint of what it feels like to be in war. The decisions you have to take and the actions you have to do.Haven't played anything like it before.
,Recommended,282070,23392638,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,I'M MOJOJOJO,Try to kill myself because I forced one character in the game to dead but my mom comes to stop me immediately.
76561198096079278,Recommended,282070,32905510,Posted: 27 June,all,FriendFive,"This is a good game with a visually pleasing art style and a different perspective on war. It can be pretty bleak and somber in it's tone, but when I'm in the mood for it, I get sucked into it for extended sessions. I do find it difficult; I've never been able to survive the entire war. But I do enjoy the difficult choices the game forces you to make."
,Recommended,282070,13428537,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,100% Jitzie/Wallis,I really enjoyed this game. It was very addictive!The amount of times I had a DayZ-like moment where my character died and I wish I could load 2minutes earlier...This game teaches you a thing or two about actual decision making. Too many games favour the hero/heroin. This War of Mine trumps the gaming trend and puts you in a state of trying to keep your head above water. You will control average people caught up in an awful conflict and they are bordering on misery and inches from death at any given moment.This is the real definition of experiencing a war without following any orders. Choose your own adventure!
76561198046929482,Recommended,282070,27577741,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,abdulcabbar,more than a game. it touches your soul.
,Recommended,282070,27090991,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zmalqp,somehow it is hard to complete without guidelines. The story is very heart touching tough
76561197966570381,Recommended,282070,17008622,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,PH3NOmenon,"I recommend this game, but not at its full 20 euro price. I pi!cked it up for 7,50 and consider it money well spent, at 20 euro's this review would be a thumbs down.The game alternates days in which you can build, maintain and exploit your shelter and nights during which you run out to scavenge for food and components. Combat and stealth during these nights are implemented in a rudimentary fashion. There are also 'moral choices' but they don't really attribute to anything. You (as a player) can choose to feel bad about robbing the elderly or about killing thugs, but there's very little incentive to avoid these situations. The characters feel bad, but if they do get depressed or sad, there's many different buttons to push that can solve this.The reservations stem from many small odd design choices, rather than any major flaws. Example: the inability to make potable water from rainwater by boiling it (allowing you to generate water by spending fuel, essentially). Example 2: the scavenging quickly becomes monotonous and predictable. The game is actually pretty easy if you have an eye for this type of gameplay.I guess you're expected to feel bad about many of your actions, as a player. However, after killing an elderly couple in cold blood and stealing food from a hospital, my four survivors just sat around playing their guitars and one day later they had forgotton about all the horror. That sums it up really: there's too many weird and poor gamey mechanics implemented for the game to have any real emotional impact. And on top of that, the gameplay becomes repetitive quickly once you figure out the paths of least resistance for all basic requirements.For all that, I had fun figuring out how to work it, even if it didn't last too long."
,Recommended,282070,27671723,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aquila13,"The dark side of war truly reveals itself in This War of Mine.Unlike other war-related games, you don't play either as a soldier, or commander. Instead, you become one of victims caused by war.Each day you'll struggle to survive and fall in dilemma of the way you walk.To be honest, I was shocked all the time while I play it.For people who desire realistic portrait of conflict and emotional moments, this game is for you."
76561198040336209,Recommended,282070,28955244,Posted: 2 January,all,Kamerad lubi,This War of Mine successfully illustrates war from the perspective of civilians without reusing the far too often used military narrative. The game's atmosphere very much encapsulates the depressign nature of the human tragedy of war. You are frequently given the choice of committing morally questionable acts in order to survive (ranging from killing innocents to theft) which add a very interesting element of gameplay
76561198088277315,Recommended,282070,16339812,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,zZombiekillaZz,Awsome...
76561197963379759,Recommended,282070,26188453,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,de_lux,"I don't think I've ever reviewed a game.I'll try.Pros:*Beautiful*Heartbreaking*Learning Curve that teaches you stuff like you were in boyscouts and might actually save your life some day*Strong script writing*ChallengingCons:*Repetitive*Very slow*Limited SoundtrackI am 100% addicted to this game and if you want to enjoy the fact that you're blessed in life, and how much you have going for you, buy this game. It's $20 to basically torture yourself into being happy when you quit this addictive world."
,Recommended,282070,19310425,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jasyla,"As you can probably guess, This War of Mine is not a fun game. It’s not a game you turn on to relax or clear your mind. But it is a very good game. Part of the appeal of video games is that they can take us to places we’ve never been and that includes places we would never want to be.You play the game as a number of different civilians who have banded together in an abandoned house to try to wait out the war. You need to find food, medicines in case anyone gets sick or hurt, and fuel to keep warm. There’s also a crafting system that lets you build things that will help you to survive. Everything from beds and stoves, to weapons and ammo, to contraptions that can help you create your own materials – animal traps, rain water collectors, herb gardens. You can also build a radio which gives not only the comfort of music but also news which can help you be prepared for what’s coming next, whether it be cold weather or roving thieves.The gameplay is fairly simple, but involves a lot of decision-making. During the day your characters can craft items, eat, use medicines, catch up on sleep, or do activities that will relax them, if available. There’s also a chance you’ll have visitors, whether it be people looking to trade or people asking for help. Night time is when scavenging is done. One character can be sent out to look for resources, while the rest stay at the house to either sleep or guard it from hostiles.There are about a dozen playable characters. At the beginning you choose a group to start with and they’re the ones you need to try to keep alive for the game. Each character has their own habits and skills. Marin, for example is a handyman, so he is able to craft items with fewer materials. A very useful skill. Katia is good at bargaining, so she’s the best character to use for trading. Some characters can carry a lot of items or are very stealthy, making them good scavengers. The characters’ mental states are something that need to be managed throughout the game as well. Some characters are smokers, who can be relaxed by a cigarette. Some are sensitive – they become depressed very quickly if you need to steal from or kill other civilians, while others have an “it’s us or them” attitude. Make too many decisions that negatively impact a character’s mental state and they can become broken, effectively removing them from gameplay11 Bit Studios have taken both war games and resource management to a new place were the challenge doesn’t come only from the mechanics, but also from the kinds of decisions you need to make. Will you steal from your elderly neighbors who have plentiful supplies and won’t defend themselves? Or will you risk venturing out further to avoid stealing from good people to get what you need? If you steal from your neighbors you will be responsible for shortening their lives. If you go to a more risky area then you could be hurt or killed yourself.This War of Mine is a very challenging game, especially at the beginning. During my first couple tries, I quickly got my characters killed. After a bit I was able to get the hang of it and successfully completed a game. I was able to finish the game without fighting or killing anyone, and I appreciated that this was a possibility. I did steal, I did get shot at a few times, but I was always able to run away. The game does throw curveballs at you. As you get to a “comfortable” state where you have enough supplies, suddenly the weather will change and you’ll need much more fuel to keep warm. Or your go-to places for scavenging will dry up or become unreachable due to enemy attacks.The game does have a few mechanical annoyances. It’s really easy to have the wrong character selected when you give a command. It’s not a huge deal to correct, but it happens so often. Combat is also quite awkward. Now, I think this is somewhat intentional. Given the setting combat should not be fun or easy, however I think it could be a bit more smooth. I also found the game lasted too long. In my first play, the war ended after 45 days. My second game lasted 25 days which I found a much better length. Again, given the setting, there’s merit to design choices which make the player uncomfortable, but there needs to be a balance between message and mechanics.There is a decent amount of replay value in the game. There’s a lot of randomness, whether it be the house and supplies you start with, the locations you have access to, or the season the game starts in. Playing with different groups of characters can also change the experience. It also has the “just one more turn” addictiveness of something like Civ or XCOM.Verdict – Highly recommended. This War of Mine is an achievement which combines a fresh take on war with challenging resource management and compelling gameplay. It forces you to make hard choices and has real emotional impact. While there are some mechanical annoyances, I highly recommend the experience."
76561198071569554,Recommended,282070,12960731,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Red Knight,"I have just played this game for 17 hours straight and I can honestly say that I was fully absorbed throughout. I doubt I will play it again unless they include some major new content but the time I spent with it was well worth the money I paid. A great game to make up a story in your head while you play and an original and thought provoking game to boot.As I have just beaten it I would like to pass on a few newbie tips:1.  Get 2 rat traps and a veg garden as soon as possible. I ended the game with 19 raw food and 21 veg indeed the last 10 days I had not food worries at all.2. Only feed your people every 2nd day. You can do this with only minor loss of combat effectiveness and it makes your food last which is vital in the early to mid game.3. You only need a crew of 3 people; 2 guards and 1 hunter. You have time for 2 sleeps in the day so build 2 beds for the 2 guards and then your hunter can use one bed after the guards have slept.4. Marko is the best character in the game; he carries 15 and has the chance to get better loot. Dont get him killed trying to fight a commando with a crowbar like I did!5. Always scout out new dangerous areas with cannon fodder like the lawyer, maths guy or school teacher as their skills are pretty useless."
,Recommended,282070,13710280,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,jrb128,slav simulator 2014 get it.
,Recommended,282070,20013764,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,supreme,Sean will not see the light of day again.
,Not Recommended,282070,17454494,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Farsight,"Hello my friends, I see that several of you have already Wishlisted this game, but have yet to actually purchase it, and the game has been on sale more than a few times before now.However, If you're still considering whether you should buy this game, or have simply forgotten that it was on your Wishlist, then I would wait until it's on sale for 75-90% off.  For while the game has some really nice artwork, the gameplay is very reminiscent to most base-managing platform survival games I've already played, and even some that I haven't gotten around to yet.  The first couple of hours playing this game were a lot of fun, and the story while not very original or unique, is good enough to see you through the first campaign, though after that I'd just about had enough of the game.  It's definitely a play once and then forget all about it kind of game.I've returned to the game now to try and aquire the five Achievements that I'd missed out on in my first playthrough, but despite the time gap between now and playing it last, well... the game just felt really bland and overly tedious.  Thanks to another Players Achievments Guide however, I was able to aquire three out of the five Achievements that I needed in a very quick and timely manner.   I however made one very brutal discovery, one that wasn't mentioned anywhere on the Store Page.Two Achievements can only be aquired by purchasing the DLC.You're probably thinking that this is a good thing and that Achievements often do come with a DLC more times than not, however those other games only add the Achievements once the DLC has been purchased, whereas this already includes them, but forces you to purchase the DLC to unlock it.  In other words, you cannot unlock 100% of the game without emptying you pockets just a little bit more.Not that it's really the issue here, but the DLC is for a charitable cause, and why is that not the issue here?  Because if we start endorsing pay-for-Achievements now, it won't be long until we're doing it in a few more games, then some more, then most, until finally almost every game is a ""buy your way to glory and prestige"" game.I would've have given the game a 5 out of 10 and probably skipped out on giving it a Review since there's no sideways thumb or leveled palm.  However, paid Achievements while still making it 5 out of 10 game, means that I cannot sincerely recommend this game."
76561197979823310,Recommended,282070,28870291,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kullikas,If you wanna feel depression and sadness here's a game for you.
76561197968505776,Recommended,282070,15256455,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Ostepop,"Having played games for over 20 years, I've come to belive that the gaming industry is in decline because developers focus far too much on graphics and not enough on story, gameplay and atmosphere.This War of Mine proves that this is not the case.This War of Mine is one of the best games I have played in a long time because of many things, for example, the story beeing fantastic and fits perfectly with both the gameplay and the atmosphere of the game.I will not spoil anything of what happens in the game because any ""text on a page"" does not give it justice. Trust me."
,Recommended,282070,28967420,Posted: 2 January,all,rjwolverine1,"This is one of the best resourse management games I have ever played.  It's atmosphere is great, the backstory is great, and the moral dilemmas are great.  Everything about this game is great!It also sucker punches you with the feels too..."
76561198163765260,Recommended,282070,24114767,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Klaver,"Great game! Absolutely love it! It has beutiful graphics, that even a crap♥♥♥♥♥computer like mine could handle, different campaigns, fun combat system, a small but amazing modding community, and now the anniversary edition adds new locations in honor of the games success! Not to mention that buying the games dlc will help out War Child, a charity that helps children in regions of conflict. Overall, an amazing game, which brought me an amazing experience. You will spend hours exploring and learning​ the game, so that way you can play it again! (Let's be honest, your gonna either lose or do terribly on your first campaign. I sure as hell did.) Overall great game, definitely worth your money!"
76561198107923222,Recommended,282070,12989886,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Death_By_BSweet,"At first glance and with the 20$ price tag i skipped right over this game without a seond look. Shorty after I found a thread on reddit about this game and it had me slightly interested. Then a buddy of mine bought it and told me how good it was, still I was skeptical. Finally after doing quite a bit of research and waching youtube revies and gameplay i was convinced it was worth a try.(Still skeptical of the 20$ price tag.) I bought it, played it, 2.8 hours in im hooked. A 2D survival simulation with a slight rpg aspect of scavaging all types of different supplies to survive and make your living situation better. Every choice you make effects 3 lives that you control. Make a bad choice to attack a bandit without the right weapon to do so and well your ♥♥♥♥ed. Losing just one part of your team makes everything 10 times worse. (forgive me if this isnt very helpful this is my first review and im not to good at these things.) This game is a must play for survival fans. It gives you a fantastic look at the oterside of war games as the civilian. This war of mine gets a solid 8/10 in my book and many more hours of gameplay in my future. Even with a 20$ price tag for an indie game its worth every penny."
76561198071705866,Recommended,282070,12973627,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,JMR0920,Amazing game
76561198092352483,Recommended,282070,13985448,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Mr. Thick Meat,"Day 4Be female characterLooting supermarketHear conversation in other roomOkay i wont bother themCan only hear one side of conversation""Looking for anything in perticular?""Loot a shopping cart""Just some food? Baby, I can give you some food if you do a favor for me.""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥initiated.Walk downstairs and look through door keyholeGuy in army fatuiges and fellow female""If you dont want to starve you'll do as iI say!""Assault rifle is brought outWell♥♥♥♥♥♥""Leave me alone"" not a good responseGirl gets smacked in face with assault rifle and kicked in stomach.Gotta help a ♥♥♥♥♥ out""Walk or ill shoot you.""Open doorArmy fatigues doesnt notice.Get right behind army fatiguesSmack a (homophobic slur) in the headTurns aroundPoints assault rifle at meOh♥♥♥♥♥♥againClaw at his faceGet punchedClaw at his face a few more times""Please stop""Ha no way ♥♥♥♥♥Hit him in the face""I've had enough...""Punch him in the headYou just died ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Get myself an assault rifle and some booze♥♥♥♥♥ runs offGo homeEveryone feels content10/10 would claw a (homophobic slur) to death again"
76561197982565599,Recommended,282070,13772477,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Plaxer X,"The day I planned to rob a family for food in an easy scavenging mission, random NPCs came to my door and gave me vegetables, saying we should be kind to our neighbors.I broke down and cried."
76561197992433282,Recommended,282070,13702341,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,stu,Had my final alive character steal meds from the hospital to stop them dying of lethal wounds.Final character was racked with guilt and hung themselves.10/10.
76561198120208711,Recommended,282070,13712694,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,World of 西瓜,you will have fun with this game!
,Recommended,282070,13074332,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Some Hooligan,Most realistic wargame I've ever played.
,Recommended,282070,13881157,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SleepingDawg,Not only it is difficult in game mechanics but the choice itself are difficult and painful as well.Let's rethink on the matter of war itself when you play this game.
,Recommended,282070,13538105,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mr. Bones Wild Ride,"This game will force you to make sometimes difficult decisions that will make you question your morals/values. Even though they may seem like something you shouldn't do, in the end they might be what you need to do to survive. This game is definitely a smart purchase and will be something that you will sink plenty of hours into."
,Recommended,282070,13231091,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Raider,"This game gives each character a back story and a specialized set of skills. If used correctly these skills will help you survive. The characters are interesting and likeable, except one. Bruno. ♥♥♥♥ Bruno, he doesn't want to help anyone and is belligerent towards the other survivors. IMO he makes the game harder so I didn't lose any sleep over intentionally letting bandits kill him. Don't be a Bruno."
76561197983631245,Recommended,282070,12949586,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pantek59,Never played a survival game that gets under your skin in such a way!
76561198051251289,Recommended,282070,12961681,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,anas86,Money well spent!Nice concept. Brilliant ideas. Immersive BGM.
76561198000088094,Recommended,282070,12961917,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,GOObER,Brilliant game - this is one that you need to buy.  Just check the other reviews and you will see that this one is very special.It's a real survival story and it makes you think about the horrific results of war at a personal level.
76561197972474195,Recommended,282070,12963562,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Captain Saunders,"You either starve to death, refusing to rob and kill others for their food and belongings, OR you mentally break down because you don't stop robbing and killing others for their food and belongings.Boris could carry a lot and was a huge asset to the group. He came upon a homeless person that apparently we stole from about a week prior. We didn't think he'd remember (since it was someone else from the group).... he did. The homeless man charged with a knife and boris had to put him down.... then his family... and his friends... and everyone else that was in the area. Boris couldn't handle it.... he cracked... he left the group the next day.Pro tip.... don't go on homeless massacres because one guy attacks you with knife... your survivors can't take the stress of killing... even if they were the one being attacked."
76561198003704166,Recommended,282070,12963761,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,R. Dodge,"Wow. this game!After a few days the safehouse is starting to take shape, however food is hard to come by and my survivors are hungry.  The roaming trader didn't visit today so it's up to Marko to find something to eat tonight.The supermarket would be a good place to scavenge.  It's considered dangerous, but my survivors are desperate.Get to the supermarket, hear sounds inside.♥♥♥♥♥♥ can't turn back now. can't waste tonight's run, my fellow survivors are counting on me.Sneak up to the door and listen to the conversation. sounds like someone is taunting a scavenger over food.Peer through keyhole.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a soldier is standing over a female scavenger. he'll help her find food in exchange for some special favours. she refuses. he gets angry.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ he's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥her. i can't let this happen.Throw door open and charge in. scavenger runs past me to the exit. you're welcome.Soldier all of a sudden has a rifle. didn't see that before. two bursts and Marko is dead.Marko's comrades will never know he was a hero. all they know is that he never returned with food.10/10"
76561198005468153,Recommended,282070,12966952,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Gambler75,Actually made it to the end on my first playthrough.Would ransack the elderly again.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,282070,12967352,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,lil shrimp,Depression Simulator 2014War...what is it good for?
76561197998652653,Recommended,282070,12969281,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Spazzy,A fun and challenging game. Make sure you think before you act! - 8/10
,Recommended,282070,12970562,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Christo,Been playing this game and so far i'm at 33 days... Here is the beginninghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfCIffk-MsI&list=UUOrbSoWhQyKEwwsBbqWf6zg
,Recommended,282070,12971504,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,kekee,"This game is one of the best indie games I have played in long time. It's one of those really rare games in which you feel for real bad for losing member of your team. And you never know what will happen when you leave to scavenge those so needed food cans, or when you get back home and see what has happend there after long dark night. Randomness of the game adds lots of replay valuable. This game has huge potential and it is great game the way it is right now."
,Recommended,282070,12972228,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Monkeysphere,"Dont want to log in anymore as we have ran out of food, everyone is very hungry and starvation is just around the corner. Just dont want to see it happen to the 4 guys I have spent 14 days in a broken down house with.Grim and gruelling.10/10"
76561198031835315,Recommended,282070,13413106,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Nephew Ali,"First off before I get started with my review of this excellent game, you have to take into consideration  that ""This War of Mine"" is not a typical 3rd or 1st person shooter. Where you normally play a gung ho elite soldier,  who has the ability  to murder dozens of  NPC's, without facing both the  physically and physiologically consequence's of taking another persons life.But rather, in the  war of mine you play a group ordinary people  just like you and I, who once had Jobs, responsiblitys and families. That have now been destroyed in the face of a poltical war, in this game every action has a consequence that impacts both on the player and the characters  and it ultimately paints a very real and a  very scary picture of what people will do to overcome certain death.Let me give you an example,  during one incident  my character was looting a house for supplies that my group desperately needed, during this time i found the medical locker of a family who's mother was sadly sick and without the meds she would surely die, now this is where the game really stands out as it places you in situations that make you question your own moral code, do you take the supplies for yourself in the hope that your group may need them in the near future, or do you leave them in the belief that the mother will recover and see her children though to adulthood. This is the real goal of the game, for the player to battle their own judgements and question themselves.Finally, this war of mine is a must buy for any gamer, that wants to see an alternative angle on the far reaching conqences of  war because as one highly successful game said.War, War never changes."
,Recommended,282070,13135487,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Otoro บี,"Survival war game played through the view of civilians trapped in a war torn city. This fun, deep, and slightly depressing game gives great views and voices of events that happen during war. Great game and concepts that has a moderate replay value. Choose ethical or evil actions to overcome life situations.Recommended for gamers to experience.Would like to see more options available for characters and AI for higher replay value."
76561197966406727,Recommended,282070,13034184,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Kendolph,I bought this game 3 days ago I think and Steam says I've logged 45 hours of gameplay. This game is f*ing incredible and you should buy it.
,Recommended,282070,13703732,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nel,If you like rogue-likes play this game.
,Recommended,282070,13821464,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,XiiiRed,"I like this game is better than any war game because this games really shows what you have to do to survive. for example do you really want to rob that elderly couple to get some food and meds, do you want to kill this man for his supplies and weapon, do you want to steal from the homeless and innocent. this is a big game of what would you do."
,Recommended,282070,13884387,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,JVC,"One of the best 2D survival strategy game out there. I was skeptical at first, however  after my 2nd runthrough I fell in love. Give this game time and patience and you'll learn to love it as I have."
,Recommended,282070,12948084,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Konges,A great game that shows alot of ideas we don`t see alot of in games today.
,Recommended,282070,28113368,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lemayo,The Sims War Edition 9/10 - LWD-good soundtrack-good gameplay-aweasome graphics-can play it on a wooden pc ( i reccommend upgrading it )-i thought it was ez but holy hell its hardI bought this game for 20 dollars.........just to be depressed
76561198024375763,Recommended,282070,28189885,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,evendwyn,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. The playstyle is fun and unique, challenging but not too difficult, but the highlight of the game is its story and atmosphere. This game is so real, it doesn't pull punches and you experience being a civilian in a warzone. There are so many little details in the game, like notes left at different locations, and the characters responses. Everyone's personallity is unique, and instead of being ""you"", you're living the story through multiple other perspectives. Most war games are about the excitement and glory of the battlefield, but this game is about what war is really like for most who experience it. It's not power and victory, its survival and suffering for those who are caught in the crossfire. There is no other game like it."
76561198162845836,Recommended,282070,28580088,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,xhiril,"One of those games that broke outside of my typical style of games and I really enjoyed. I don't typically like the 2d side scrollers but this one was great for a variety of reasons. The music, the mood, the entire concept were fantastic. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282070,28806910,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lovesan,♥♥♥♥clenching difficulty.
76561198207788667,Recommended,282070,28697352,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TacticalBoomBooms,"Enter abandoned buildingDrunk soldier trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥a female scavenger♥♥♥♥♥♥ no weapons on meWe'll do this the old fashioned waySneak up behind him and aim to strangle himAccidentally just donkeypunch himHe turns around and empties his entire magazine into my throatNext day: Send survivor out to gather supplies the last one hadThe entire time I search the building a grandmother follows me around and tells me about how some poor girl got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and it would have only taken one person to stop the guy♥♥♥♥ you grandma, I tried10/10 would get survivors guilt from a failed♥♥♥♥♥♥intervention again"
,Recommended,282070,28742724,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mermorte,makes you emotionally unstable all the way
,Recommended,282070,29285934,Posted: 15 January,all,vortex,Very good simple game with message.
,Recommended,282070,27170588,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Low priority rider,The best war survival game ever!
76561198035039467,Recommended,282070,27028757,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Celhaos,"You're in the middle of a war. Little food, burglaries, cold ...An old man knocks on your door for shelter. A teacher. My heart squeezes and I can not say no.The cold increases, the food decreases. The old teacher is no good at any job. Each day, we must choose who will sleep hungry.The food is running out. The next day, the old professor runs away with the rest of the groceries.Everyone dies days later.Moral of the story: in war, even an old teacher can be a tormentor."
76561198219743575,Recommended,282070,27036638,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ASH46,"Game worth trying, new plot and fast pace."
,Recommended,282070,26748735,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Highbury,"Once you get deep into the game, past day 10 or 12.. sometimes the panic and the helplessness seems to creep up on you as well while playing.10/10."
,Recommended,282070,26765911,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rainstormm1,"This game wants to make me hang myself like Bruno it's so depressing. Would play it again, and would recommend to anyonehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=804172744"
,Recommended,282070,28021887,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kapitalismus,"sowhat kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down hereWell, you,Start in a city called Pogoren (Slavic, presumably Polish considering the company who made this is Polish) with 2 to 4 people who have survived through a siege on the city. The reason for this siege being that the city is the hotspot of a civil war.So what ya gotta do it-Get food-Build items-Kill people-Barter (Trade)-Gain members to your group-Steal-Shoot-Destroy and break open-Make good decisions-Get and use medicine and bandagesSurvive.This game is based off of real life civil and international warfare. This game is somewhat real, for say. Get the game and play it, but never forget what's really happening outside of your little comfort zone."
,Recommended,282070,28447920,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,M4rtinat0r,"Beautiful game! I bought the War Child ""DLC"" and im happy about it! Im happy i helped children in the war! How the TWoM says: ♥♥♥♥ the War!"
,Recommended,282070,28441378,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,sixt4pixels,"Easily one of the greatest games I have ever played, which is saying a lot, since I've played a lot of 'good' games.TL;DR: It's a good game, get it, even at full price if you have to.This War of Mine (TWOM) is a game that drops players into a fictional (I presume) warzone, however, instead of controlling one of the many soldiers or rebels, the player controls severalordinary survivorsinstead. This is where the game shines.  The objective of the game is quite unique; instead of trying to complete a specific objective, you are simply trying to survive, which- as you can imagine -is quite difficult in such a setting.Pros:- Unique story/theme- Very interesting gameplay- Simple to learn yet difficult to master base management/building system- Atmospheric soundtrack that compliments gameplay really well- Beautiful art style- Good replayibility- Dramatic enough to make you feel like a part of the game- Decent variety of stories (character combos) to choose from- In-game system that lets you create your own characters- Workshop support for other people's custom maps, characters, and stories!- Portion of purchases go to War Child - a charity that supports families and their children in war- Active devs that are constantly working to patch out bugs/glitches and interact with their community often.Cons:- Several visual bugs (don't really make impacts towards gameplay though)- Quite difficult, especially for people new to the genre of base-management- If you're the sensitive type, you may get emotional playing this (I'm not kidding)Final rating: 10/10YAY!"
,Recommended,282070,26750413,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Pexe,"This game is not something everybody will like, but I do :)"
,Recommended,282070,27677671,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mikklostopheles,"Killed stranger for food, committed suicied because of guilt10/10 would kill again"
,Recommended,282070,27678259,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dashie :3  | dogry.pl,<3
,Recommended,282070,27609461,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Behaarter_bock,This game sure brings a new light on surviving. War is not a game but still this is fun
76561198155882962,Recommended,282070,27749601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Comrade Bear,Clinical Depression in game form.
,Recommended,282070,27525442,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sir Grayson,"Now watch and learn, here's the deal,War gave me PTSD that will never heal.Hah!Hah!Hah!*BOOM*WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?!"
,Recommended,282070,27856039,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Reverend Prettyface,"This nicely describes my life as a student.-Will I burn my schoolbooks to keep my house warm during winter?-Will I break into elderly couples home to steal some booze for weekend?-Will I get sleep or defend my booze for getting stolen by roommates?-Will I risk going out just the get shot by foreigners, even if I don't have anything valuable?-Will I stab a homeless dude just to get his food?The immersion is real."
,Recommended,282070,27863244,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ambitions,I cant even play this game because it is too much. I payed to get depressed...10/10 would beat elders to death with a shovel to get medicine.
76561198034215438,Recommended,282070,26755217,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lumiere,Bosnian af 10/10 would play again
76561198142466037,Recommended,282070,27916640,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wh00pSieS,"This game is a ton of fun. The stories are great, and unlike some games where the ""good"" and ""evil"" choices don't really change the game that much, it vastly affects this game. The moral of your characters can decrease and it forces you to think about your actions more. 10/10 would reccommend."
,Recommended,282070,27941834,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,redcrimson,Great time strategic game!
,Recommended,282070,26967267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CiOLAN,Great game.8/10
76561198192448238,Recommended,282070,28719599,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ne555,"Okay well, this game is pretty amazing. I won't discuss the game mechanics or strategy in any detail here, but will simply point out that you will suffer some real anguish trying to keep your rag tag band of survivors alive under harsh and brutal conditions. If being drawn into the unfairly destroyed lives of war victims, and tasked with making critical decisions about where and what to scavenge and craft, one day after another, has any interest to you, then here you are. Do you go for medicine today, or food? Do you need more gun parts for self-defense against bandits, or might you not get enough wood for your heater, risking freezing to death? Every day is a life or death challenge for your survivors, and it can really weigh on you."
,Recommended,282070,28546528,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Gentilezza,"The war is cruel, but the children are innocent."
,Recommended,282070,28468324,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Alcohol Swab,So good.  Play this immediately.
,Recommended,282070,26036067,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ColdEyesFour,- i'm sad- need to play a game- start playing this game- sadder- go on scavenger hunt- kill someone that can't fight back for loot- saddestThis sad is mine T^T
76561198272133254,Recommended,282070,28194287,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,2BadSoSad,"One of the most adictive games Ive ever played, managed to complete a full story line and it wasnt easy.I hope more content comes out for it."
,Recommended,282070,28032559,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RAT|Ethismos,"This is a game I believe everyone must play! We hear about war everyday, but This War Of Mine gives a whole new perpective that you will not get on media, or any other place really.  It has very intresting gameplay, with good mechanics, here and there there are a few things that doesn't really work out in the best possible way, but I don't mind that because is game is so much more than just mechanics.  Freedom to Pogoren!"
,Recommended,282070,28078056,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Th3 Vi[R]tuOs0 hellcase.com,guys please help me listeni changed the video optionsand i dont know howi make something andnow when i start it it write meout of range and black screen i wanna play it please help me guys
76561198029739150,Recommended,282070,29239222,Posted: 13 January,all,ajsgf798,"Engaging storyline with challenging questions of conscience with chilling results. This War of Mine lives up to its title, by making YOU feel like you're a part of the humanitarian crisis that comes with war. No gameplay will ever be the same as you find yourself making life-or-death decisions that will have second and third order consequences that will either haunt or help you later. The game itself plays out over days  where you will improve your shelter and nights where you will venture out for supplies to keep your little party alive. It is hard to compare this to another game as it is very unique; the best I can do is to say it feels like a rogue dungeon crawler mixed with a choose your own adventure book spliced into a survival game. !Pros:Unique, fun, challenging, and engaging game playYou really FEEL the storyline, even though it's a game you still will have a hard time doing some things to survive, even though it is only a click of a mouse.Cons:This is a difficult game, it can be frustrating for someWhile randomized, it can still feel repetitive after a whileUnique and fun, worth it at full price!"
76561198188886469,Recommended,282070,29175344,Posted: 10 January,all,Zoom®,This game is pretty fun. but i dont play it much xD
,Recommended,282070,27028648,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,boye,This game is a must have for anyone. It's super replayable and intense sometimes.
76561198067751020,Recommended,282070,27078846,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pcj821,"Easily one of the best games I have played, despite not being a big fan of platform games. The survival elements are well blanaced, the action is great, and the atmosphere really does get you very immersed in the story and game overall.The percentage of positive reviews for this game speak for themselves, no need to hesitate when buying this one, it is an outstanding purchase and good value."
,Recommended,282070,27727558,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,❌⭕️❌⭕,"Тор игра ин зэ ворлд , пеопле."
,Recommended,282070,29475460,Posted: 24 January,all,Heterozygous HbSS,"There have only been a few points in my life where a game has actually caused any form of introspection in myself, and this game caused quite a few of them. This game will make you ponder each choice over and over again and normally leave all your decisions in a type of moral grey area. Absolutely fantastic game, couldn't recommend it enough"
,Recommended,282070,28987390,Posted: 3 January,all,DED,"An emotional rollercoaster of scavenging, stealth and survival."
,Recommended,282070,28108097,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,willard99 (need commends),great game.  Should play it at least once
76561198116109037,Recommended,282070,27038387,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JEGAMES10,"The game gets really dark with several heavy doses of despair. But this gloomy tone is what makes those bits of accomplishments more glorious and lets those acts of kindness (by the player's choices) shine brighter,The game has lots of heart. If you enjoy all sorts of feelings while you play, then this one's for you.I dropped this short review to celebrate with the game's 2nd anniversary.Congratulations to everyone who made and played this game.Kudos to the studio for giving us a free DLC. You guys are awesome :)"
,Recommended,282070,27231547,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xikil,Ethics or Survival?
,Recommended,282070,28464090,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Vindo,Aleppo Simulator 1.0
76561198113478044,Recommended,282070,27157736,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,★[M]izuSan★,very well! i like this game
76561198038915168,Recommended,282070,27163949,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Commissar Krazy,"A surreal experience, sublime and a strong message. Great experience."
,Recommended,282070,28864170,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HaaS,"The sketchy graphical style, background music, sound effect, the animation.. Is beautiful..I love the atmosphere in this game.. It really makes me feels like being in war, but instead of being a hero, you've given a different perspective what it feels like of being a civillians in the time of war..you're challenged to survive in the most f*cked up situation in the harsh of war where you need to get your sh*t together along with other survivor during the time of war.. and war is not the only problem you face when you realize, the winter is coming..This game is not about being a badass, killing for fun and K/D ratio.. It's more about pain, suffering, a decisions between life and death..Great Artstyle and MusicGreat AtmosphereGreat Gameplayso, It's an UP!the only downside is when you starting to understand how the game works, you starting to know how to exploit the game.. but aside of that, this game is beautiful.."
,Recommended,282070,27400828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JussKiddin,"Great game, I know that there isn't much difference with each replay, and yet here I am, playing it again."
,Recommended,282070,27197490,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MehalSefari,"This game looks like ""The Revenant"" moviesSurvive , Rob , Kill , Stealth , Defense , Be aware your shelter etc.But You need to remember this. you are ""CIVILIAN"" not Soldier."
,Recommended,282070,28924889,Posted: 1 January,all,danimal96,"Wonderfuly dark. This War of Mine takes survival into the gritty. You'll start to question you're own morality. Should I steal from the poor and helpless to save my own hide? Did I make the right decision? But posing them, and putting the moral issues in sharp relief alongside the physical ones, is what makes This War of Mine one of the year's most thoughtful games. This game makes you think, and that's no joke. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,29084204,Posted: 7 January,all,Natural C@Sh3ws,"This game simulates the life of people in a city that has been surrounded by war and conflict, you are forced to survive in many ways.This game is not easy but there are mods to make it a bit easier.............This game is fun but most of all makes you think about the those less fortunate than us."
76561197985352069,Recommended,282070,29125016,Posted: 8 January,all,Bannoura,"Is this the real life?Is this just fantasy?Caught in a landslide,No escape from reality.Open your eyes,Look up to the skies and see,I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy,Because I'm easy come, easy go,Little high, little low,Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me, to me.Mama, just killed a man,Put a gun against his head,Pulled my trigger, now he's dead.Mama, life had just begun,But now I've gone and thrown it all away.Mama, ooh,Didn't mean to make you cry,If I'm not back again this time tomorrow,Carry on, carry on as if nothing really matters.Too late, my time has come,Sends shivers down my spine,Body's aching all the time.Goodbye, everybody, I've got to go,Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth.Mama, ooh (any way the wind blows),I don't wanna die,I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all.I see a little silhouetto of a man,Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango?Thunderbolt and lightning,Very, very frightening me.(Galileo) Galileo.(Galileo) Galileo,Galileo FigaroMagnifico-o-o-o-o.I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me.He's just a poor boy from a poor family,Spare him his life from this monstrosity.Easy come, easy go, will you let me go?Bismillah! No, we will not let you go. (Let him go!)Bismillah! We will not let you go. (Let him go!)Bismillah! We will not let you go. (Let me go!)Will not let you go. (Let me go!)Never, never let you goNever let me go, oh.No, no, no, no, no, no, no.Oh, mama mia, mama mia (Mama mia, let me go.)Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me, for me, for me.So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye?So you think you can love me and leave me to die?Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby,Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here.(Oh, yeah, oh yeah)Nothing really matters,Anyone can see,Nothing really matters,Nothing really matters to me.Any way the wind blows"
76561197995128738,Recommended,282070,23383827,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Shake Zula,Depressing and unfair. I loved it!
,Recommended,282070,28688411,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[ChR] Chevalier Filip,"It's very unique game. In this game, we can experience a war atrocities: death, murder,starvation and other horrible things.  These events has deeply psychical effects of our other playable characters. They can leave our shelter.  This war of mine move me to tears. I recommend this game everyone, who thinks that benefits of the war compensate the suffer of civillian."
76561197963109129,Recommended,282070,27772551,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,.50 Calibre Killer,I Never get bored of this game.
,Recommended,282070,28210938,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Krrunky,Better then COD
,Recommended,282070,28759924,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Junioru,Good game.
,Recommended,282070,28893931,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,PanT3485PzKpfw6,"I'm probably a terrible person for not feeling any guilt while robbing other people for their supplies. BUt for the record though, the mathematician guy's epilogue who died while scavenging hurts a little inside me.11/10 would feel hurt again."
,Recommended,282070,28903577,Posted: 1 January,all,Chasson,Pain in every choice mad death is near great game.
,Recommended,282070,13277638,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,jLsaiyajiN,"Although i've only played it for 2 hours, I've experienced just sadness in playing this.  You start with 3 survivors pitted against Human Nature as they are caught up in a Civil War in their country.  You need to scavenge for supplies and you'll learn of its consequences.  For example, I was forced to kill an elderly pair to get meds and food for my survivors.  It beautifully captures the sadly shocking civilian perspective of a devastating war.  Now for the gameplay, very detailed and in-depth but sometimes I feel some things get repetitive but other than that It's a work of art."
76561198054716832,Recommended,282070,13487361,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dick Cheese,"This game conveys, better than any game I've ever played, the constant struggle and heartbreak of surviving in a broken world. You decide entirely how far you would go to survive and sometimes the results are terrifying. And though you perform actions that have devastating effects on other survivors, only to later watch ur characters inevitably die because of one poor decision, (and the game plays with emotion well) you cannot help but restart with utter determination to survive the war. Easily the best game of 2014!10/10"
,Recommended,282070,12947191,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tom Cruise,A great game about civilians during a war in what seems to be some area in the Balkans. Grab a box of tissues though.10/10 would break down into manly tears again.
76561198025775035,Recommended,282070,12963626,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Maxidax,"It's freaking hard. Surviving is really hard. And what's worse is that you always find supplies for survival but... it's never enough. Not ever. Oh, let's scavenge for building materials tonight. Woops! Everyone is starving. Well, tonight we'll scavenge for food and medicine. Darn! Now we can't build anything or we don't have enough fuel to cook food, keep the house warm or make moonshine to trade.You hope that it'll become easier. Hope that having weapons with make the raids stop. Hope that building a fire will keep sickness away. Hope that you'll find enough supplies to not steal. And then none of those things happen.I have no idea how living in a war-torn city would be but I imagine it's as crushing and hopeless as this game.*hugs Katia when Pavle doesn't return at dawn*10/10"
76561197960679813,Recommended,282070,12970675,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Spectator6,"Great game with a lot of solid mechanics!  It plays a lot like a good thematic boardgame (think Robinson Crusoe or Dead of Winter) with some elements of action, some worker placement, etc.  I'm only a few hours into it, but I'm really enjoying it so far.  The decisions are meaningful and the interaction of the story logs between the characters is a nice touch."
76561198065057321,Recommended,282070,12972499,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tux,"Awesome game highly recommend.Game has random events & outcomes from what I have noticed.Did notice that the game has random crashes for time to time,For Linux users using Nvidia cards make sure your drivers are up to date other wise you may experience just a  white screen, The developers are working on fixing the problem. I just found using the lastest Nvidia driver I don't seem to have the white screen issue."
,Recommended,282070,12975083,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ravenaraven,"“They wrote in the old days that it is sweet and fitting to die for one's country. But in modern war, there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason.” (Ernest Hemingway)Each time I read that quote, at the beginning of the game, it makes more sense to me. Some scenes in game really kept me thinking long after I've quitted."
76561197968565721,Recommended,282070,13345858,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,JClayton3,"Thoroughly enjoyed playing this game, felt it was a little too short mind. It does has replay value though and i will possibly play it again"
76561198128083896,Recommended,282070,19365158,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Waylon_NZ,"#1 Guide-Change all the characters name to your family members and watch your ""Man of the house"" Ability activate.-Girls first, yo. You see one food in their but you're about to die of starvation, you be the real man and take on for the family. Feed your sister.Reason why this is an awsome game?-I was low on food and decided to go on a scavange run, I sneak around an abandon school to find the door infront of me swings open and I see an mask soldier with a gun look right at me. I don't hesitate to sprint for the exit but he says ""STOP! We're not the enemy!"" (1+ For the social in this game, More dialogues like this throughout the game) I turn around and begin to trade with him.-Game is challenging....Real Challenging, but it's worth it.Would reccomand this game to all my friends."
76561198015507665,Recommended,282070,12961288,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,OZK Dummy,nice. but too short
,Recommended,282070,12966485,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BladvaK,"This is exactly what we needed; a game that makes us sad. You get to know those people very well, you live with them  through their toughest moments and then you come across some bandits while scavenging for supplies and it is over. There is no save that you can return to just as there is no save in real life. You make a stupid mistake or you just run out of luck and people you liked, people you cared about are gone forever."
,Recommended,282070,12967634,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Hobo Merchant,Engaing from start to finish. You will feel really bad when you have to steal
76561198107083746,Recommended,282070,12968328,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,super cool rad bro luke,this game can make you feel like a hero helping the weak and poor or you can be a monster and kill to survive it makes u care about your people and the people you care 10/10
76561198025010678,Recommended,282070,12970636,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Caged Nicolas,"I bought this game on the strength of its artwork and concept alone (and the positive reviews so far).It lives up to the concept, and more surprisingly, comes off as one of the more polished independent games I've played. The animations are so well done that I half expect my non-gaming Mac to stutter with each click, and then crash to desktop (as is increasingly the norm with some cross platform games, indie or AAA)...This War of Mine runs beautifully...its message alone makes it a notable game, but kudos to the game makers for making not just an interesting message, but a solid game."
76561197988279409,Recommended,282070,12974617,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Jimmy Khanway,Allowed a guy named Boris to stay with my group. Made him go out and scavenge that night. Had him kill an unarmed survivor. He got depressed and ran away two days later.10/10. Would force stranger to murder again.
76561197998050806,Recommended,282070,12974674,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Noises,"Micromanagement junkies will love this game. You manage starvation, psychological states, conflicts with neighbores, loot, building infastructure, medications and that's just the first week.Marko killed nine people trying to find things for Bruno and Pavle before he left the group starving and with a broken psyche.Pavle starved to death after raiding a house and stealing everything from them.Bruno became deeply depressed and hung himself among the rafters.10/10 Would die again."
,Recommended,282070,12977068,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,KaMo0sE,the game is ok and has very little flaws game play is very smooth and little to no bumps graphics are a 9/10 reason being people setting in chairs are hard to see such as the elderly couple and black and white suits the overall story the game is overall 9/10
,Recommended,282070,12979177,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Marbo,"A masterfully created playable drama that stays with you well after you experience all it has to offer. The soundtrack, while not catchy in the least, is exactly what it needs to be.Edit: Given the free DLC that has come out since release, it's clear that this game was always intended to be a labor of love."
,Recommended,282070,12979262,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,US IRS Agent,"I've played alot of games where survival takes into account of the multiple elements one has to put up with, like food, water, medcine, and shelter. This game makes you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥for trying to survive against the common man, at the same time, add in a larger element of mental stability.YOU CAN TAKE THE SAMARITAN WAY THOUGH (Be sure to loot bodies and try to think things over first) , Day 4: Pavle found a soldier attempting to♥♥♥♥♥♥a women at the supermarket. The soldier in his mind thought he could justify it by throwing a can of food at her when the soldier was done. Pavle decided this should not be tolerated, so he bursted behind the doors of the supermarket and procede to choke out the soldier. The women ran off and Pavle was left in a struggle with the soldier. The soldier being well trained, after recieving 2-3 more punches from Pavle, he recupperated and threatened to shoot (Also able to counter back any punches Pavle threw). Pavle barely got out this alive and soon hereafter died of lack of proper treatment due to the sheer lack of medical supplies (♥♥♥♥ me I needed one bandage, just one), and the living conditions.The deepness that this game creates is truely an experience that most war games don't create today, a feeling of desparity in war."
76561198117116096,Recommended,282070,13345016,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MrTibs97,"Probably one of the most thoughtful games to be released in yearsA story of survival, hope, love, loss, depression and death, and its all up to you.You grow attatched to your people, and you want them to live, oh how you wish for them to live. You make them eat, sleep, craft, scavenge, steal, and if you get to the point, even kill.But killing is one of the worst crimes possible, and your people know that.Sure, self defence is understandable, but it can still leave psychological scars on them, but if you kill an innocent, these scars can be even worse.Do you kill a family just to get their food and medicine? Or do you sneak in, take it, and leave them to starve? Or, hopefully, trade may be an option.The game is beautiful, the style suits the depressing mood and bleak atmosphere. Gameplay is simple, but works perfectly with the game.This game is worth it, it makes you think, think that these things actually happen, and as they say, war is hell."
,Recommended,282070,21021638,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Brahmin Abdul #ForPalestine,I dieded ripe in sasquatches
76561198079906587,Recommended,282070,18439614,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,[APC] Arkantos -PR-,Powerful and atmospheric game. Probably the best game I've played. Was tempted to buy it again just to give the devs more credit for making it. Highly recommend.
76561198071257624,Recommended,282070,21114927,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Eli Stone,"Went scavenging and killed 3 guys and looted all their things - Marko, Bruno and Pavlo were all depressed ""I can't believe I had to kill somone"". They were all moping around feeling terribleGave one old man a bandage and Marko, Bruno and Pavlo all think they're the best people on the planet. ""It's so good we helped our neighbour in this time of need""10/10 Would cover up genocide again"
76561198121537198,Recommended,282070,20923193,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Zunzun95,combat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198128479156,Recommended,282070,21026847,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ThursdayMonday,"trade 2 bandages and 1 meds with 2 bandages, 1 meds, and food10/10 would troll franko again"
,Recommended,282070,16689562,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Matthias Jaeger,"I didn't even know I wanted this game, but it was everything I'd ever hoped for."
,Recommended,282070,21230955,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,JellyMule,"Basically ""The Sims: Hunger & Death Edition"". A beautiful game with a different perspective on survival which makes you consider the morality of a decission.PROS* Simple resource management system.* Easy learning curve to survive the first few days.* Semi-dynamic story that evolves based on your choices and consequences thereof.CONS* The game can quickly turn depressing as you struggle day after day for resources and supplies. Failure to locate more resources often get punished with even more resources being lost to raids.* Inconsistent difficulty. Often times, easy mode can be brutal and hard can be a cake walk due to the seemingly random way the game rewards and punishes you.Overall, the game is easily one of my favourites for its very unique take on the survival genre. Though it suffers from some rough edges, it isn't game breaking."
76561198093054483,Recommended,282070,20280549,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,fleshtoast,good but i killed one of my guys than raiders took all my food after a hour of plyaing and made me sad as ♥♥♥♥
76561198097024848,Recommended,282070,20281865,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fluffy Kiwi,2 Depresed people talking to eachother = 2 not Depresed people
,Recommended,282070,20308827,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,t4dpol3,"Just stay alive ...This game just grabbed me! The task might be simple, but the circumstances are not. Eat, build and rest at day time ... hunt for food and useful things at night ... just stay alive, in a war disrupted city where the right and law is no more!This game is a brillant survival game built with a lot of heart and feeling that goes really deep. It is recommended for everyone who just needs a break from all the big AAA+ titles where war is just ""fun""."
76561198024024326,Recommended,282070,20339602,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BlitzKrieg,I found cigarette's and Moonshine in a 1st graders desk.Drunk 1st grader/10
76561198079365827,Recommended,282070,20333772,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,CheapPete,Like a movie to watch.Frustratingly hard to play.
76561198064632367,Recommended,282070,20191716,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CyberneticGentleman,"The Cycle:1. Start New Game2. Start strong, scavenge safe areas, all goes well3. Begin running low on resources4. Group begins to starve5. Send best character on an adventure into a dangerous area to scavenge6. Best character dies7. Restart"
,Recommended,282070,20374817,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,JaxDasher,"A unique game on its own right. One of the best base survival games out. At first I thought this would be better with a zombie apocalypse theme. Further on I realised how human it is and being down to earth you connect more to the characters in deeper way. This game truly highlights plights of civilians living in war torn town.This game will make you realize you are a terrible person. Ive tried several times to play without ruining other peoples live but it comes to a dire point where you start rationalizing your actions, then you know you are in it.Gameplay wise it takes awhile to get use to, closest I can describe it is real time point and click. A few minor text bugs so far. Other than that this is a game you shouldnt miss."
76561198047304533,Recommended,282070,20376315,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,cate.archer,"too bad for me because i bought this game, it took so many hours to play and play again."
,Recommended,282070,20206193,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jay,"Why are you still reading the reviews, go buy this game already!"
76561198009765546,Recommended,282070,20019480,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fox,"In This War of Mine, the focus is shifted away from military operations portrayed in most games. Instead, it is a dark survival game where players control a gaggle of civilians attempting to stay alive in a besieged city. During the day snipers outside stop you from leaving your refuge, offering players time to craft, trade, upgrade their shelter, feed and cure their people. At night they must scavenge nearby areas in search for food, medicines, weapons and other useful items.One of the best all-around games I’ve played all year. A crisp, consistent atmosphere, intuitive gameplay, and surprising depth create a fantastic experience."
,Recommended,282070,27143968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eloise,Enough said.
,Recommended,282070,23818347,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ever_J,The feel of this one is fantastic
76561198063988691,Recommended,282070,14982311,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Spongeeee,그냥 최고다. 돈 아깝지 않다. 명작이 나와서 좋다.
76561198139261634,Recommended,282070,14600479,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,RCV9,"I already have some hours in the game and I love it,the game is very interactive,interesting and with lots of choices,also I love the style of the graphics,the gameplay is awesome and I never get bored of the game,maybe This War Of Mine is the survival game that we need!"
,Recommended,282070,15167648,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Robin,This game is awesome i cant even survive for one week i can only reach day 7 or 8 Dang!! im a worthless survivor
,Recommended,282070,14905490,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ανακλυσμός,Awesome game but very hardWould highly reccommend if you have time to spare :D|
76561197979171394,Recommended,282070,14968741,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hong Meiling,"The combat is scary, clumsy, and usually not worth it. The supplies are scarce and valuable. The choices you make are significant. Hey look, a good survival game.Then I made cigarettes and became king of Ukraine or wherever this is."
76561198167120512,Recommended,282070,14537820,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,"""England is my City""","This game...oh my god, where to startumm...Yo m8 this game is gr8 i r8 8/8 cause thats my f8-FNSWant to see a on-going playthrough?Search up Jacksepticeye and look for this game"
,Recommended,282070,14336819,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,aaronjelliott84,"My game started with a group of people all of whom were completely useless at scavenging.One of the group was the school teacher Cveta. I soon became to realise Cveta's biggest skill attribute was to eat like a relentless gelatinous blob.So one evening, I came up with an ingenious plan to use her limitless talents for the good of the household. I let the insatiable Cveta loose out in the Construction Site on a mission to voraciously eat all thugs, people and things.Unfortunately, Cveta never came back. We can only assume she's still out there, savagely hunting anything that moves like the greedy ravenous gravy-bomb she is.Some days later a mystery visiter dropped by our shelter. Hello Marko!11/10 would eat everything again"
76561198054760935,Recommended,282070,12974596,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Jesse!,"If you like svavenging, rationing, trading and sometime stealing and killing, then this game is a must have!!"
,Recommended,282070,12975492,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ANOREXIC TURKEY,this game is very lovely from art to story to well everything and this is based off of real events and people but all and all this game is a must have!
,Recommended,282070,12990635,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Kiefie,"the only problem i have with it is that it crashes too often,but the game is still awesome"
76561198035665243,Recommended,282070,12967385,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Froghunter,"Haunting stories no matter how you play, Left me wondering about my own morality and thinking that I and everyone else am a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 game of the year."
76561197970729825,Recommended,282070,12971109,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Redplague,"Gritty, dark art style fits perfectly with the decisions you'll be forced to make.  Take the elderly couples food in the dead of the night so your little band can eat tomorrow?  Snitch out your neighbor for theft, after all you get the reward whether he is innocent or guilty."
,Recommended,282070,12981483,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Croaker,"My group was starving.We needed food.I found a man, he needed medicine, he had food.He killed one of my people, and took our only medicine.My group was still starving.One of us got drunk one night, the other starved.The next night the last man committed suicide."
,Recommended,282070,14094643,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Artanian,"The best survivor / war sim I've had the pelasure of playing in a very long time. This game can be extreamly hard and emotional.My take away lessons for newbies: Don't get attached to your characters, take small steps when exploring new sites, don't get greedy, don't go on a ""revange missions"" if you lose a member of your team, sneak in and out of each sites (snipers can be leathal), make sure you take care of them wounds and sickness ASAP, plan ahead for the winter: fortify your home base, build a vaggie garden and traps for food, make as much stuff as you can to trade later on (You will need it). Use the right character for the right action/mission.The possibilities are endless, the replayability of the game is more than exellent. (Random maps, items, encounters, game lenght... AWESOME)I love the dark, pencil-style graphic, 2 mode play system (day/night).. Oh and check out ALL the stations on the radio... Some cool tunes hidden in there!Overall I give this title a 10/10 for story/concept, 9/10 for interface/gameplay (had issues with the combat system)Personal notes: Combat/defence interface could be improved and the fact that I was still getting raided over and over even after i upgraded the reinforced security door and patched all the holes was kind frustrating, specilally with 2 shotguns and a pistol in my inventory.Highly recommended.. I fear I will waste many more hours on this title.Thanks for making this game!"
76561197971640829,Recommended,282070,25480728,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,charva,very good
76561198018749353,Recommended,282070,14045111,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Foot Pussy,"This game has been one of few that I have to say, I cried over. Most games are made for fun or puzzles, this game depicts wither you are A human or A monster. Who gets fed? Who needs meds? Who will live and who will die? I would tell you more but that would take away from finding out on your own. I suggest that you sit down in a room alone and have not distractions when playing this game. DO buy this game if you play for the story and challenge , this isn't no ♥♥♥♥ing call of duty.  This is the only game I have that felt needed a good review."
,Recommended,282070,14973520,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,TheSilentTuner,Simple but great game to enjoy.Very meaningful and provides us the glimpse of war in civilian's perspective.
,Recommended,282070,15391007,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,r3dle4der,"The atmosphere is heartbreakingly perfect, the cast of characters is strong, and the style is amazing. It's easy to lose track of time. Staying alive has never seemed like such a simple, yet moral and physically draining, exercise."
76561198089018492,Recommended,282070,15397872,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Søt Katt,"This War of Mine is incredible! The game will draw you in and you will become attached to your survivors. The game will make you feel like monster in real life for mercilessly murdering an old man and his sick wife a piece of meat and some medicine. As you can see from my playtime, this game has massive replayability potential. The DLC goes to the charity 'War Child' and only costs 99c. I strongly suggest purchasing both the game and its DLC.Edit: With the release of the Anniversary Edition, 11bit Studios are proving that they will never really abandon a game (even when the game is finished). They took the time to add additional free content to This War of Mine while also being busy developing their new game, Frostpunk. Thank you 11bit Studios for your constant support of this comminity you've created. I cannot recommend This War of Mine highly enough."
,Recommended,282070,12967538,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,syke,Extremely addictive despite the difficulty! You gotta sometimes go against your morals in order to survive.
,Recommended,282070,13748312,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[2nd] Ominous,"Day 1: Our first time looting our own house, looks quite a nice place once we board it up. Pavle went out to this old abandoned cottage, he came back with plenty of loot.Day 2: Alright! We've finished looting our house. Now we need to build beds. Pavle yet again went out to scavange a Ruined Villa of which we looted half of the house.Day 3: Katia and Bruno have been guarding and sleeping. They have been crafting in the day. Pavle goes out again to the Ruined Villa. He gets stabbed and runs off with haste.*Unventful 10 days of scavaging & looting*Day 13: We have got 3 beds and a radio. We also have upgraded most of our workshops. We have made knives, lockpicks, crowbars, sawblades and. At night however... Pavle died at the hotel. THIS WILL NOT STAND!Day 14: Katia and Bruno are... broken. They are in bed however and recovering.  Katia has gone out in the night with the shotgun and 10 bullets. We are going to shoot every single one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Day 14 Part II: THE CHARGE OF BERLIN HAS BEGUN! WE HAVE KILLED 2 ALREADY AND ARE GOING BACK TOMMOROW. We do not care about those ♥♥♥♥♥ anymore and are going to kill that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a trader.Day 15: Bruno says it is the survival of the fittest. Of course Bruno is right and we are going back to the hotel to kill the final ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who coincidentally is a trader so we'll get a lot of loot, we need food anyway. Night time. Katia goes out again and storms in, killing the last guy brutally. She loots the body and grabs the nessesary gear, such as meds and food. She will go back and grab everything else which is useful.*30 days pass, we somehow live off fo the food at the hotel and we had a raid on the warehouse. Also we aquired a new member called Roman. He is brutal and shares the same ideals with Bruno.*Day 45: This brutal war is over. We have taken the survival of the fittest apporach and we have survived.Overall this game is rather amazing, the game has lots of replayabillity which is good. However an endless mode would be a great addition adding more replayabillity. 9.6/10"
76561197971624187,Recommended,282070,12960116,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,bones67,"AmazingI lost after 16 days. One by one we died, each person telling a part of our story. I wanted to quit after the third death because I knew how it would end. However, I continued to play, wanting ""this"" story to play out. The amazing atmospere and (forgive me Im not an artist) cartoon/drawn background set a stage that is humblingly sad. The mechanics aren't complet but the game is like chess, easy to learn but infinitly replayable. Should we have scavanged more? Made improvents to out home? Taken in that last stranger?If you want a game that can create an experience, you have come to the right place. I hope the Dev team continue to add to This War of Mine here and there but, as a product (unlike many others) it is complete and very well played.Respectfully,Bones67"
76561198097811513,Recommended,282070,12965113,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,nickskadouche,"This is one the the greatest single player survival games I've ever played.The story: There's a war,♥♥♥♥♥♥s ♥♥♥♥ed, you need to survive.The gameplay: Smooth and strategic as you try to use your survivor's advantages to your own use while trying to not only improve living conditions, but survive as well. Scavenging is probably one of the most exciting (and infuriating) things you will ever do in gamin, not to mention you'll feel like an♥♥♥♥♥afterwards. Combat is strange but exciting and nerve wrenching, when you lose a character or anything♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, hell even if your characters have a stubbed toe they communicate and complain, which suprisingly is more human than annoying. There is also sight during scavenging to make it useful to have wits about yourself. Also you can loot and decorate your house to fit the needs of your survivors as well.Graphics: It's sorta weird, but in a intresting and educated way, the UI is very new guy friendly along with being great for new players. the pictures and art is surreal and beautiful (in a dark and greiving way) to where you feel like you are controlling living breathin people. Not to mention all animation is top notch.Sound: Great fitting soundtrack with a bandwagon full of sounds and ambience. The characters tend not to speak but have text boxes, which i think suits the game really.Overall this is the best survival game i've played and i'm impressed, keep updating and great work guys!"
76561198069748241,Recommended,282070,12969654,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sirhc,"Can't stopping playing this amazing game, highly recommened if you like survival/stratgy games"
,Recommended,282070,12970547,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,PincerTail,"This is a great game.Dare I say greatest game I've played so far this year? and yes, I've played Shadow of Mordor.This survival strategy/simulation game put you in the roles of multiple civilian trapped in a war.It's a new look on war-related game and 11bits studios pull it off gloriously.With each day pass, switching between base management by day and scavenging missions by night, you'll grow attached to the characters under your care more and more and never want to see anyone of them dies.The game has great atmospheres and a good challenge curve by keep throwing more difficult tasks/hindrances your way the longer your group stay alive.In this war-torn city, You will get to choose to be a good group of people who help anyone in trouble or be an evil force that take from other people. The random events that happen during the gameplay are often very challenging to your decision making skill with nice, satisfying payoff.Let me leave you with one random event that happened on one of my scavenging mission:My guy was at a ruined of a supermarket. The description of the place said the place was under military control and very dangerous(this was my first time doing a ""danger"" scavenging mission). I went in, looked through the first floor entrance, saw this soldier talking to a female civillian looking for food. His raunchy dialog clearly showed that something bad is about to happen, but he has an assault rifle on him and all my guy got was a shovel that was about to break. So, I chose to avoid them and went up to the 2nd floor keep looking for useful resources, all the while still hearing the conversation down below played out.Finally, the soldier started to hit the woman and I just can't have it anymore (I've never go up against enemy with guns before) So I switch mode to combat(I accidently did this once before and cause a big mess in a church :( ) with the shovel in hand, my guy slam through the door and bash the soldier in the back of the head! He staggered and fell and I went in for the kill. The woman was screaming and ran away and I thought that was it. I got some nice equipments from the soldier and went back to the base. The other characters in the house was praising my guy for his heroic action, which felt nice.The next night I went back to the place again to find another female scavenger in the area. At first, I tried to avoid her and continued to collect resources but when I finally ran into her she wasn't hostile and started talking about the incident the day before.  She talked about how she knew the woman I saved and how grateful her and her family were.This is the moment this game got me. No hefty reward, no fancy equipment to be gained directly from my action. Just a nice story and praise that a couple of NPCs told me and you know what? It felt great!"
76561198107662276,Recommended,282070,12973910,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Grimmwen,"After my squad were all severely sick, all severly wounded, and starving to death, I had no other chose to go to the church and see if they had any charity. It was full of bandits and my best scavanger died. So much death, and so much depression. 10/10 would play again. I highly recommend this game, well worth the money and time."
,Recommended,282070,12975411,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cyfyclops,"A fantastic game. This is one of the most visually unique and stunning games I've played. The moral choices and consequences caught me completely by surprise. I didn't expect saving a woman in a supermarket from a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥would have as much of a positive affect as it did! Amazing game, Endless replay value."
,Recommended,282070,12977995,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Comrade_Fixer,"I killed a young man for a can of food, then shot his ill, grieving father.  Then I robbed a church."
,Recommended,282070,13555880,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,RafePheonix,"In this emotional game you combat the effects that war has on the populace. After several play throughs that were all different I came to know each character on a ""personal"" level. There are few games that achieve what this one does.As a bonus the updates actually add playability and new functionality. 11 Bit Studios has won a fan with this one."
76561198141949333,Recommended,282070,16043371,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Big Cannon Vert,Watching someone else try to play this game is like watching someone else bang your girlfriend.
76561198115812513,Recommended,282070,15104737,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,King Skywhale,"This gane is emotional, strategic, risky, and difficult. It is amazing but is Hard at times, but hey, the harder the better! (Wait, not like that.......)"
,Recommended,282070,14928941,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,CvJunky1982,Amazing game. One of my favorites. 10/10. Graphics are unique as hell and the gameplay is flawless. barely any bugs that i can see and it really opens your eyes about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ war is and that it can happen to anyone anywhere at any given time. The company is pretty great too because they give a portion of the money they earn from their new DLC and also some earnings from this game to charities that help wartorn modern day countries. also i like how you can either be the nicest motherfcker to ever live in this game and screw yourself over BIG TIME or be a total donger and make your people feel like dinks with your horrid actions. I do rec
,Recommended,282070,16757518,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DarkOrion11,"I highly recommend this game. It shows what war does to people. Unlike other war games, in this one you're playing a group of civilians and trying to survive in hard conditions. You have to make hard decisions sometimes and maybe you'll feel bad about what you did but its about surviving so you're gonna make some cruel decisions to survive.Unlike the other survival games, its unique and dramatic. Buy it."
,Recommended,282070,16758248,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Hollow Ataraxia,"For me this game did great experience of survival sim.Here's my pros and coun.Pros:-Great survival experience game-Got many different events-Graphic is nice-Many content in the game-Where morale is important (like real life!)-Difficult-You can't cheat the game :3Coun:-Complicated gameplay (For beginning,Little bit hard to understand)-Very  hard gameplay (Don't buy it if you don't wanna lose and retry many times)-Death is Death (no character revive)Thats is it for my review :3Anyways, I REALLY DO recommend this game for hardcore gamer and sim loverSo yeah, Thx for reading :3"
22223679853424324,Recommended,282070,16684703,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,King Kush of Bonghitland,The Sims mod i always wanted.
,Recommended,282070,20326634,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dragon,"In my humble opinion, this is is another gaming triumph that clearly shows that video games are also a type of art, like movies, books and music.Beautiful visuals, sad music, depressing atmosphere. Game that focus on pure survival of couple of people.Every day you have to make a choice. What to build? Who eats and who will be hungry that day? Who gets daily medicine and who doesn't? To help a neighbour and risk your life or just ignore them? To trade or to steal? To kill to survive or to try to run away? WHom to trust? Where to scavenge for items needed for survival. How many days untill the war is over? Are your survivors mentally strong to overcome painfulf times....or they will reach for some  less ""noble""? Painfull choices every day...The only drawback is that game can become monotone, but that is a really small flaw.Overall, a game that every gamer should try...two thumbs up!!!"
76561198002887606,Recommended,282070,13217456,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,M.D.G.E.I.S.T.,"On my first try, i tried keeping my crew well fed and on the drugs they liked (books, cigarettes, coffee).I tried not to kill others. Didnt advance home much. All people from my shelter and even those who came later were dead by day 20.My 2nd try i aborted day 18 when Katia died by stupid combat system and  my not-so-good-sneaking-abilities.My third attempt. I had Marin, Boris and Emilia. I had it minus 3 degrees temperature, it was winter.  Ive let Roman in, y into our house. Emilia, Marin, Boris and Roman were my crew for many days.Boris was my main scavenger allthough he is slow, but he can carry so much things. Roman beat up Marin  in many nights. Marin died defending our home. Boris wasnt really mentally up to the things i made him do...Roman took over some nights as the scavenger to give Boris a break and prevent Roman from beating up more people. Winter went andBruno joined just a day before Marin died. Roman was badly injuried so he couldnt beat up others for some time.  I had Boris and Roman do some bad things but somehow i didnt feel very bad about it, i had such a hard time on my first try and on 2nd try....i didnt come with guns whole game, and my opponents guard wielded a shotgun, i just was quicker and killed 2 households. Boris killed some son, his mom and sister with a crowbar. Roman stabbed some dude, his girlfriend and her mom. When i encountered heavyly guarded shelters i robbed everything around it and then i found myself sneaking in. Either from the cellar and robbing the goods they had there or just through the front door to the fridge in the kitchen, grab all you find on the way in and run back....run Boris run! i was yelling at my screen.  36 Days, 6 Kills from my crew and 1 dead Marin and the war was over.  4 of the 5 heros i had survived the war. Only 2 of them made it after the war was over, but it's okay. Im proud i brought them through the winter and the war. It was an experience."
76561198011347427,Recommended,282070,13061606,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SuddenSparkz,"refreshing take on war in video games,the gameplay is really simple so if you are just the ""HARDCORE ONLY MLG DORITOS"" player go away, if however you like original little games that have an good ambiance and rogue likes in general then go for it."
,Recommended,282070,13547227,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Darkgaming,So after 4 hours of playing this game im in love with it and would recommend it to everyone. The game makes you understand what it was like during the times of war and what everyone went through and how hard it was. It makes you feel sad really because if you were to kill a defenceless old man or something then you feel bad because you have stolen off them and killed them which is kind of depressing but also has an effect on everyone in the game which i found amazing how they did this.The graphics for the game are good and i like them and it fits the game well. I rate this game 9/10 for its outstanding gameplay and the way it makes you feel a must buy.
,Recommended,282070,19728430,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,THE BURRELLATER,"A grim survival game where your humanity will be pulled into question when faced with some of the awful decisions that you make just to survive. Medium cost, with a solid amount of replayability, and high amounts of emotional conflict."
,Recommended,282070,20198107,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Einherjar,"Winter came, I got desperate, bandit hideouts are the only places left to scavenge...I lost my first survivor today, 7 hours into the game and I slipped up once, that's all it takes.My remaining survivors want to take revenge, I think I might oblige them. Whenever I find the heart to return to the game.I am completely immersed, at day 27 I don't know how much longer the war will last but I don't regret the time I spent managing my survivors. That desire to get through just one more day is staying with me, and the developers have done an amazing job creating a world where that mind set infects you after the first few nights."
,Recommended,282070,18869177,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,OpCode90,"A fantastic journey that kept me playing, replaying and enjoying the grit of war as it should be portrayed in many, many  more games. I confused (and initially discounted) this game for Valiant Heart, only to finally give it a whirl on the suggestions of our fans. I discovered the depth and uncaniness of its portrayal of human relations, while it forced me to make difficult moral choices in desperate circumstances, playing out the very human consequences of my actions.This is what true independent development stands for. Hats off to the folks at 11bit for stealing so much time out of my busy schedule, and reminding me why we all make games!"
,Recommended,282070,15598435,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Toishim,Actually feels like you're trapped in the middle of a war that you don't want anything to do with. A nice change from playing as the hero to guns absolutely everything down within two meters. One of the most unforgiving survival games I have played. (Unless you alf+f4 out of the game before it loads the next level after you die)
76561198048368805,Recommended,282070,13038577,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,x_O CuntDoShiet,This Best Bought Of Mine
76561198047446815,Recommended,282070,17327020,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Blue Cadet-3,I had to rob a eldery couple in order to get cigarettes so my group would be less depressed to the point of not being able to move. This then made my whole group more depressed to the point of not eating or sleeping until they either starved to death or left the group.War is hell10/10 luv it
76561198118351268,Recommended,282070,18270452,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Old Beefy,"Do you think you are hard♥♥♥♥♥ willing to make hard or even heartless choices to live the next day. well this is the game for you. Pray to RNJ or make ur own team of cold mofos who steal and kill to make it up to 90 days in a wartorn city. Or u can make nice punk choices, make and trade what u need and keep ur hands free of blood in the war. fun game worth more than 1 replay"
,Recommended,282070,16946092,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,noniak,This game has a great story to it because you have to take care of your survivors during a war and some parts seem easy when you can go on for days with having good items but then anything could happen and your needed items can go away and having to scavenge at night and having to make choices that can help or hurt you along the way.This game is fun and I recommend it to people who like a game with challenges
76561197978923182,Recommended,282070,16949796,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,:Marv:,"This game offers an Unique setting. Set in some War you are Trapped in your City and struggle with the Survival of your Group. The Characters are well thought and the Overall experience this Game offers is Great.The Game tried to make you care for your people and to Feel bad if they feel bad.I really enjoyed it so far and I guess I will keep playing it. Really well made, my only critic at the game is, that it is way to easy. I wish there would be more different citysites to Find then only the 20 given.Get it, really worth the Price."
,Recommended,282070,13342262,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,aka13,"The game is hard. Not hard to play, but hard to feel. SOmetimes, when everything is bad, you will feel the urge to close it, or to start a new game, and forget about how bad it was this playthrough, but you will feel guilty for letting your comrades alone, dying in the war.I absolutely ""liked"" the game, if you can say it this way. The gameplay and the graphics are very good, although the combat is a bit crippled, can derp around in some cases, but since this game was never about combat, it isnot a big problem.The point and click is more than perfectly fine for the game, the only thing I miss is some sort of shortcuts for the keyboard, and maybe a short turtorial to controls.Otherwise, as stated, great game, enjoyed it very much."
76561198066179381,Recommended,282070,17131859,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lazyhow (Snek),I got PTSD after playing this game...
76561198011426713,Recommended,282070,17134886,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Thagamus,"This is a very intense game. Every action and decision feels like a massive weight. You sell your cigarettes for food, you are fed but your people are unhappy. You trade for sugar to make moonshine, your people are happy but go hungry. There is a delicate balance in every move you make. You feel the pain and suffering of your people. When your first morally good character is forced to kill, you can't help but feel sorry for them. The message of this game is incredibly powerful and heart wrenching, especially since this is happening every day around the world. Powerful, entrancing, and meaningful."
76561198103697139,Recommended,282070,17996134,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,~|Rice|~,"This War of Mine...What a beautiful game but also a game which makes you think and take massive risks which could equal death. Deciding to get Food so no one dies or Materials so you can protect your base is one of them. One small mistake can lead to something terrible.My First Death:It was day 16 I believe and everything was good but needed materials. Pavel was my scavenger, Katia my guard and Bruno asleep in a bed because he was slightly wound from someone raiding the house yesterday. Most of the places were closed off because of fighting so I decided to send him to the Warehouse which had huge amount of materials but was guarded. later on I had grabbed enough stuff to supply us for ages but sadly one of the guards saw Pavel and started to shoot, he died when the fourth bullet hit outside in the fresh air...Felt so bad for letting him die, and the others became sad :(This game is amazing and special cause in most War games you play as a Solider, in this one you play a group of Civilians who are desperately trying to survive in a city which is the center of a war zone. This game is one of my favourites and love how the makers, 11 Bit Studio, made the DLC money go to a Charity for Kids. God bless them and this game, 9/10"
,Recommended,282070,17263066,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,NHL REG. SEASON,"This game is okay.Not a whole lot to do other than try to survive.  During the day you work on your homebase.  Build a workbench so you can build tools and weapons.  Upgrade that workbench so you can build a gun and upgrade it some more so you can create bullets.  You can find ingredients and resources at night when you go snooping around like a racoon, or a good ol fashioned cat-burglar.During the day you can sleep and build and every other day a trader will stop by your pad and you can trade for food with all the crap you collect at night.  Eventually you can start making your own booze and medicines, which can also be used to trade for food.  Food is top priority.  You can't drink water, you need food.Night time ain't so bad.  Some of the locations of interest have bad guys.  Some are just regular people trying to survive like you.  If you steal from or kill anyone who's not a bad guy, your character will get sad, and if you continue down that path your character will become, ""broken.""  When that happens they sit around all day, not moving, and there's no saving them from it.  You will be forced to end the day and sleep in bed at night, leaving you open to other cat-burglars that kill you in your paralyzed state.  If you didn't die or become mortally wounded or deathly sick, then eventually you snap out of it and are able to venture out at night with instinct as your guide.  Also, killling bad guys is a good thing.  Sometimes they will say something like, ""that priest sure went down easy,"" or, ""let's hit another humanitarian aid again,"" and this is your cue to kill them.  When you get back home, no one will care that you killed a bad guy.  No one will congratulate you either, though.  Try not to kill or steal from innocents.  But if you must steal, don't get caught or they will kill you.Fighting is random chance.  Roll the dice.  Sometimes you can sneak up from behind and club them in the head, then shoot em up real good, other times, your character loses the dice roll and you pay with your life.  Your best bet is hide and one-hit-kill them with a knife.So for the most part, do this until the war ends.  Or whenever the days counter is up.  I lasted 40 days once and the war didn't end.  I lasted 25 days in another game and won.  War ended.Eventually you learn what you need to create booze, to create meds, to trade for food.There's no saving your game, so don't worry about that.  It saves every start of day.  And if you do a bunch of stuff during the day, like upragde a workshop and board up a window, and feed everyone and trade for good stuff and have everyone sleep and not be tired for night - then night comes and instead of playing anymore you quit game - it will not save.  In fact, when you reload your last save, it will be before you upgraded anything, before you fed everyone and before you traded.  Quite annoying to say the least.The game is like a 5-6/10.  I honestly only bought it because it was on sale for eight bucks."
,Recommended,282070,17329871,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ckroop,"I killed some people and took their stuff, so my group got sad and half of them commited suicide. 10/10 would kms again."
76561198092775092,Recommended,282070,17193912,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,cgleason,"Guy shows up at the house asking to stay. His name is Boris.The others take him in but expect him to prove his usefulness by going out scavenging that night... at the dangerous, soldier patrolled construction yard.After night falls, Boris goes scavenging at the site. It's a quiet night with no immediate signs of trouble.Suddenly some guy runs up to him yelling about soldiers then falls in a hail of bullets. Boris quickly hides in a gap between two unfinished walls and prepares his shotgun.Two laughing soldier jerks come into view, proud of killing the frantic civilian. Boris steps out of the shadows. Kills one soldier by smashing the back of his head with the butt of his trusty shotgun. The other man panics, draws his pistol and fires. But Boris does not care.After tanking the pistol round, Boris fires three shots, filling the second soldier with lead and killing him before he can even turn to run.Boris had gone out that night to look for materials. He came back with materials, a pistol, an AK-47, twenty rounds of ammunition, two bullet proof vests, and some food.18.365/10Boris. Is. Beast."
76561198038469178,Recommended,282070,17372543,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Lieutenant Spud,Amazeballz.
76561198213196908,Recommended,282070,17183996,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,UrbanCrisis,Managed to make all my survivors hang themselves. 10/10
76561198070897716,Recommended,282070,17185155,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jubastic,"I haven´t played the game much, but I´ve restarted around 7 times. Why you might ask? This game makes you sad, but in the good way. It makes you forget the CODs,  Battlefields and the Counter Strike´s of this world. It makes you realize the true side of war. Suffering that is. You have to build, scavenge and help other people. However It´s not an easy game. Yea It´s a hard game. I definetly recommend this game.My final verdict Is 9/10."
,Recommended,282070,17244542,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,micbemac,"War is bleak. And though games like Battlefield, and Call of Duty try to show us the ""fun"" side, filled with explosions and headshots, This War of Mine takes a very different approach and lets us peer in to the many survivers living through a war torn area.Released in mid November, This War Is Mine is, brought to us by the Warsaw based 11 bit studios, is a dark, realistic survival simulation set in a war torn European city on the brink of collapse. You take control of up to 3 survivors living in a bombed out abandoned building, and must locate resources through scavenging, keep your spirits and health up, and defend nightly against other possible survivors who may try to raid your belongings.The first thing that jumps out from This War of Mine, is the unique visuals, based in a side scrolling 2D environment you control your characters by point and click and are able to scavenge your new home for supplies while you try to build improvements that will make survival easier. The dark, almost monochromatic color scheme adds to the weight of the environments, but the excellent use of lighting adds an amazing amount of depth and life to both your individual characters as well as their surroundings. Visual queues are also given for the state of your survivors, as an injured friend will limp around from room to room, or drop his head low as depression sets in, to the point of sitting and being actionless once all hope is lost, unless you can find some way to reinvigorate their spirit through other characters motivation or maybe helping a neighbour.Yes, the core gameplay of This War of Mine revolves around choice, and is broken into two major stages. Each day consists of a daytime period where you stay at home and can build improvements, or manufacture tradeable items like cigarettes and moonshine. You are given a limited time each day, so how you manage that time is critical to your success. Though you remain relatively safe during the day, you are often making critical choices that will affect the night or the next day's chances of survival. Often times during the day you will also be visited by locals knocking on your door, sometimes there to trade, sometimes asking for your help, and other times there to do you or someone else harm. Not knowing what may be on offer as you approach the door gives some tenseness to each encounter, as even helping a neighbour could result in some misfortune coming your way later on. The ultimate effect of these encounters is when a neighbour asks for your help, and you simply don't have the resources to assist, the gravity of these choices affects not only the player but the characters as well, as they feel sadness and fear, or even hope after tough choices like these are made.In the night the game switches gears and allows you to venture out from your shelter to explore the local environments in search of supplies. At first you are limited to only a few locations, but these expand as you survive longer into the game. Each location offers a limited amount of supplies, and varying degrees of danger. You can also on occasion find other survivors willing to trade, but the greatest fear each time you go to a new zone is that of the unexpected. The questions swirl on whether you will find survivors there, and will they be friendly, or shoot you on site, and yes, death is a permanent in this game, and injuries to your characters can be just as grave given the limited amount of supplies you may safely be able to recover each night. Choice again is key during these night missions, as each character has a limited amount of slots and you can only carry so much in one trip. You also have to make the choice of whether to fill your bag from home with items to trade, or sometimes whether you are desperate enough to steal, often times from people in worse situations than yourself, like an old woman trying to nurse her husband back to health, but that fridge full of rare food items might tempt you doom that family in order to survive one more day.The overall weight behind all these choices is the true momentum of this game, as each day you are forced to make difficult decisions which could result in yours, or someone else's death or survival. This War of Mine does a great job of each of these choices, whether it be a simple choice of what new items to build, or where to scavenge, or the tougher choices of which of your survivors gets to eat each day, or use medicine when they are sick. Changing environments, and the limited pool of resources make each day harder than the previous.This War of Mine, is an honest, and weighty depiction of what many actual survivors in a warscape may have to do on a day to day basis to keep living. The amount of choice and consequences allow for infinite replayability and the unique art style adds well to feel of lost hope, where every minor success is something worth celebrating."
76561198066360061,Recommended,282070,17818759,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,<> Swag Brax <>,"Please update this more that's all i ask i love this game and it needs an update and YOU should buy this game its cool people die you cry people are about to die but don't. you can even put your self in the game THAT is awesomeNew Update i love the new modding tools and a new DLC on the way, But i whis there were more MODS please Community help make This War Of Mine. Mine!"
,Recommended,282070,17851359,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,oh shit im feeling it,Amazing.
,Recommended,282070,17536750,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,[LUE] boct1584,"This War of Mine is a game about civilians trying to survive in active war zone. It's split into two segments, Day and Night. During the day, you manage a group of survivors in a mostly derelict building. You have them dig through rubble, fix holes, barter with other survivors, build things to make the building more liveable...basically just living day to day. Then at night, you send 1 person out to scavenge around the city. You start each game with a party of 3 survivors; random events might have up to 2 more asking if they can join you.Different survivors have different traits. For example, my current party of 4 has one person who's good at cooking, one who's good at bartering, one who's good at sneaking, and one who's fast.Part of the game's challenge is trying to manage multiple aspects of the survivors lives, like their morale, their fatigue, their health, their hunger...basically everything about a person's life. For example, if you send the same person out to scavenge two or three nights in a row, they'll get overtired. If you also have them rob people all three nights, they might get so sad they'll lose hope and commit suicide.The game has a crafting system. Your items of this sort are mostly generalities; for example, if you want to build a radio, you might use 3 sets of ""Components,"" 3 sets of ""Parts,"" and 2 sets of ""Electric Parts."" Or if you want to filter rainwater, you first need a collector, and then you use some of your ""Components"" to make filters for the collector. You might also make multiple filters in one go, and use some of them in a moonshine still. Or if you need to make a knife or a pistol for your scavenger to take for defense, you might use some ""Weapon Parts"" and some ""Components,"" Different items are made at different stations; you might build a bed with a standard workbench, while you would need a herbal workshop to process tobacco into cigarettes for bartering.I've never lived through a war, but the game developers who worked on This War of Mine did, and that's why they made it. It's one of the most depressing games I've ever played, and yet I keep coming back to it, albeit just in little increments."
76561197993655540,Recommended,282070,16381603,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,raejin.omg,The other half of World of Tanks. Remember those houses you plowed through like a jackass? You're a monster.
,Recommended,282070,16371209,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Softly Gyrating,"This game has done what I've found very few survival games capable of doing: I've really connected with the characters. From David's brush with an Ak-47 bullet to Anya and Svenska's (All hand written names) continued winter illnesses I found myself worrying and caring immensely for their survival. The option to create your own ""Story"" - Change the parameters of the game as well as the names, backstories and models (And Photos) for your survivors (Even to the extent of being able to upload your own photo!) - Makes the game all the more powerful and gives you heightened respect and concern for people living through actual warzones. IMHO A truly flawless game from a genre I generally dislike. The developers have outdone themselves and I would definently recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,16374156,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Neg Neg™,Survived 13 days killed 4 elderly couples 10/10
76561198037377422,Recommended,282070,16342783,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Campy the Terrible,"Day 1: Pavel, Katia and Bruno do their best to make their new home liveable, building a bed and a stove.Day 2: Pesky neighbor kids knock on the door asking for medicine for their mother. Pavel shoos them away.Day 3: Another bed is constructed. This place is beginning to feel like home.Day 4: With some spare parts, the group builds a metal workshop, allowing them to build things like lockpicks and a shovel.Day 5: Pavel brutally murders an elderly couple with a shovel while scavenging. He recovers much medicine, food, and some jewelry...Day 6: Pavel has sunk into a state of depression. Meanwhile, Bruno is severely wounded by bandits while scavenging. Luckily, the group has a small supply of bandages.Day 7: Much of the food was stolen during the night, along with all of the medicine and bandages. Bruno's bleeding refuses to stop, and Pavel was wounded by the robbers. Katia managed to scavenge some building supplies.Day 9: A man named Boris is accepted into the group, as they realize they need every bit of help they can get: they have next to no food, are all wounded on some level, and quite depresses. Boris manages to make everyone feel just a little better, and even builds a radio. During the night Boris goes to the church to trade with Father Oleg. Due to Father Oleg being a greedy prick, Boris beats him to death with a shovel, and steals a hefty amound of medical supplies.Day 10: Boris is a broken man. Bruno is finally recovering from his wounds. Everyone is starving.Day 11: Boris sneaks off during the night.Day 12: Katia was killed while out scavenging, and Pavel died of starvation during the night. Bruno refuses to get out of bed.Day 13: Bruno is found hanging from the ceiling."
,Recommended,282070,16932403,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,FadeofRuno,"One of the best games I have played. It's a really different game. It will stress you so much that you will actually start to feel the characters. I have had a game where all of my characters were depressed. You can make other characters to talk to these depressed onces but unfortunately I had the most arrogant pieces of shiz ever.(Bruno, Roman) So, some suicided and some left. However, at the end I survived through many hardships. Good luck to everyone!You can make your own story once you survive. You can choose your own characters etc. You will see!Enjoy it! You will play it more than once! (Played like 5 different stories)"
,Recommended,282070,19656993,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,XJIEBYIIIEK,Лучший симулятор Донбаса
,Recommended,282070,19690584,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Mr. R,"Had a dude in my homebase who was getting very depressed.. He kept saying it there was no reason to continue, stuff like that. He's a great cook and doesn't have much room for scavaging so he's never really left my base yet.I felt bad. So I was like, okay, let's take you out and maybe that'll cheer you up.Saw this quiet house place on this map that said it had lots of food and other things, so it sounded like the perfect place to cheer a depressed dude up.Wrong. I got there and there were two old people there.. And so I decided to loot their things, meanwhile the old man was constantly questioning why I didn't have a heart and commenting how terrible I was and the old lady sat in her chair and asked what was wrong and why I was doing this.After I finished, I felt really bad as a person, and then I realized I did that all with the depressed person which made it even worse. What made things even worse is that when I got back, all the people were making comments on it and the depressed man said it was the last straw and can't take it anymore...10/10 would be scum again."
76561198056292405,Recommended,282070,19713749,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,The Festive Potato,yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyisyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes
76561198118145712,Recommended,282070,19426982,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HydroSound,"This isn't regular depressing.. this is advanced depressing.This War of Mine is possibly one the most intense survival games I've played. It's a game about a war, obviously. Doesn't sound like much since war games are hugely mainstream. However, you arent some gun toting badass that runs around and blows♥♥♥♥♥♥to hell.. You are the result of all the collateral damage caused by said gun toting men that blew♥♥♥♥♥♥to hell. The hell that you now live in. You control anywhere between 3-4 survivors (in the beginning at least) and you struggle to make ends meet as you must worry about their levels of hunger, rest, health, etc. Everything a human needs to survive. And finding food and water ain't easy both in the game and emotionally.I'll elaborate with a scenario.My survivors were starving and I had no weapons to go to any of the more dangerous zones where bandits had hoarded up all the goods. There was a house that I had recently visited on a scavenging run that had an elderly couple in it. They had tons of food, yet were completely defenseless to keep it. I ended up beating them to death with a character, Boris. I took the food and fed my survivors, but Boris suffered major psychological damage because of what he had done, as well as my other survivors. This resulted in Boris leaving the group because he couldn't handle what he had done. Boris was my favorite character. And now he is gone.I ended up quitting my game and thinking to myself ""God dammit, Boris was my Glen.. I have to take a break from this""Anyway, all in all, this game is wonderful and it puts into perspective the true casualties of war and how it affects everyone.10/10, would break emotionally again."
,Recommended,282070,19383301,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Soopy,id love to see a zombie mod or DLC for this game..
,Recommended,282070,19376765,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Eva PANG,"This is the game that i do not want to explore every scene. I never send anyone to the quiet house, and never asked ""what if"" questions which i always ask in other games.I literally cried when Boris told stories about his wife and son; I feel hopeless when at fiirst everyone have to starve; I feel so bad when kids knocking our door asking for medicine but I still got sick people on bed without medicine; I feel so relieved when finally I made through it.I have to say that this game asked me questions I never really thought about in my life, and some do not have any answers.It really is a GREAT game,  thanks to whoever made this game, and thank you for your effort to help the War Child!"
76561198152351677,Recommended,282070,18374149,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,natewit922,I would recommend this game to people who like a little story to go with their apocolypse
76561198037253037,Recommended,282070,18569796,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DocGangrena,"I didn't play 2D games last 10 years. After seeing and hearing all positive things and reviews about this game,i decided to give it a try.This war of mine is really good game,although i'm not big fan of 2D. But still,i think 19€ is little bit too expensive price for this type of game.There are some minor bugs,nothing scary or gamebraking,but i think it's unacceptable for 1GB to have any bugs 1 year after relase.There is no tutorial in this game-few times my survivors died because i didn't know how combat system works.Worst thing in This war of mine is scavenging- loot does not dissapear if you leave it over night,and that is really bad,bad and ultra bad thing in survival simulation game. If i leave jewelry and canned food IN FRIDGE IN CITY IN RUINS WHERE PEOPLE ARE STARVING,i'll find it again 5 night later.Now to the good part.Graphics are nice,and sound effects are amazing-it's probably best thing in this game.This war of mine have huge number of different maps where various events can occur.Crafting is very important for this game,and it is well done. It's interesting that you have to plan how you'll spent your aviable resources you bringed home.Killing or stealing resources will have consequences that you'll have to deal with.Each survivor have different set of skills.You can create your own story,and this game is perfect for begginers like me to became familiar with Steam Workshop.My overall score is 8/10"
,Recommended,282070,18814725,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,R'lyeh,Best single player survival game.
,Recommended,282070,18763308,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,War is moment of death .
76561198068040835,Recommended,282070,18991914,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,yöntimo,Best game 2014
,Recommended,282070,19120036,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,linakitteh,"Heart-wrenching and soul crushingWhen a friend of mine asked me if this game was fun to play, I couldn't really answer that question. While it is a brilliant game, I would not call it fun.My first playthrough was trying to survive without stealing or killing. But of course, everyone either starved, got really sick, got lethally wounded, depressed and then broken and then they die. Restarted the game and actually started stealing and killing, my people got broken anyway but they weren't starving. It does question your moral standpoint for sure.The game art is beautiful, the character stories and emotions are powerful. Initially got this because I needed a game for a long flight where I don't require too many controls and now I'm questioning whether or not I should play this on a 17 hour flight..."
76561198032342193,Recommended,282070,13013224,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Friendly Filipino,"I haven't played anything this amazing since The Last of Us. It's like State of Decay, but without zombies.This will be in your all time favorites until the day you die.10/10"
76561198042365801,Recommended,282070,13045828,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Top Tiger,this game is cool at first. but then you just keep dieing and dieing and dieing. you get all♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and you never wanna play it again. its like in minecraft when you die deep in a cave and lose all of your diamonds. you just go screw this and turn the game off. also your guys get wounded all the freaken time. and you are always just looking for bandages. bandages are impossible to find. so then ur guys just die. and you slowly lose everyone and thats it game over. you are basically just screwed from the start. i tried like 5 times and i will heal one guy but get another guy hurt in the process by a ♥♥♥♥ing sniper or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who want to steal my stuff. IT PISSES ME OFFF. but anyway its a fun game maybe in a week i will play again but i need a break. so yeah its a good game. the game is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying. oh and your people are like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes that really pisses me off... alright so the game is worth the price maybe buy it if your bored but dont expect to be playing it everyday for the next month. just a few times
76561198066699810,Recommended,282070,13096767,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Aden ß,"Very intense when you get into combat.Making choices for your group is important.You have to use your resources wisely.And in reality, if this were to happen.. This game represents how cruel people can be."
,Recommended,282070,14784712,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Morbid,A new point of view on war and apocalyptic games.Depressing. Unforgiving. Addictive. Huge replay value. Rewarding gameplay.One of the best games I've played *drops mic*
76561198040140459,Recommended,282070,14784980,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Canaan.,"A light comedic take on Barrack Obamas reign over America, take on the role of a struggling avant garde poet named shay decleux on his adventure to rebuild his home using his pent up ""failed artisty anger"" on the neighboring apartment complexes inhabitants"
,Recommended,282070,14200148,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CreepyVibes,"The art style of the game and the way that it sends its message is uncompared to any other game that I've tried in the genre. The fluent movement of the characters to their striking realism in response to your actions and choices hit me like a ton of bricks. now, that is not to say I've never been hit with a brick before, but this game really reached new level of brick. Like this brick is laced with tinny explosives so that you really feel the impact of your actions on the world around you. A good example of this would have to be the time that 2 of my 3 civilians were starving and i had to get food within the night, so naturally I went looting, only to find two elders in their home. Of course I knew what I had to do. After the deed was done, I looted as much food as my feeble scavenger could carry only to find a note to the two past occupants grandson. The response of the people back at my home was immense. That is just one example. 9.5/10"
76561198062177197,Recommended,282070,14293792,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Twigleg,"This game is just... wow. It really lets you take a look at the effects of war of the citizens of a city. This game puts you into a disaster zone in a city with a group of people, these people become your only hope of survival. First time through I attempted to play as if I was in the game. I didn't risk to much, preferring to be alive and grateful but it was hard at the beginning. Half way through just before the harsh winter began, I realised I needed to start being ruthless, I stole from the hospital without caring for the ill and sick, I snuck into an elderly couples house and begun looting their food and medicine, as I was leaving their son caught me... I sliced him open with my knife.... It was dark.. The first kill... What made it worse was the father came storming in and attempted to kill me... I did the same to him as I did to his son... I left the mother crying in her room... I thought to myself I should have killed her and ended her misery but I couldn't... wierd as I just so easily killed her husband and son... I slipped out the back door into the dark, rainy night hoping to never come back to this house again... My atrosities didn't end there but continued throughout the gameplay, taking advantage of the weak becoming stronger but much darker.Overall this game rocks! So many different scenarios can occur and it all depends on your play style, whether you be the nice, friendly citizen or the dark, murderous bandit, it all comes down to YOU!GRAPHICSI like the 2D side scrolling style to the game. The added LoS system means the danger that lies in the next room is unknown until the last minute. The dark nature of the graphics really adds the effect the designers were going after.SOUNDThe music and general sounds really add to the game. The shots of the sniper as you run through an open park, the crying of an old lady as you leave her house, the rain landing on rooms in the night, each sounds adds to the feeling of the game.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is unique and really suits the game. The game is a typical click to move style but with the addition of the other components the gameplay doesn't seem like a simple clicker.RATING8/10I recommend buying the game if you have $20 spare."
,Recommended,282070,14308859,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DON AXOLOTL,"A lot of games provide you moral choices with little to none consequences. A lot of us would pick the option that provide the most benefit without thinking twice.Kill A, loot his armor. Betray B, take his cool horse. Then we'll get on with our in-game life, enjoying our loot without the slightest dent in our conscience.The reverse is also true: good guys can take the good option without missing out the opportunities. Refuse to kill A, and still get a kick♥♥♥♥♥armor. Do not betray B, and he'll reward you with, guess what, his cool horse.War of mine is not one of those game. This game can and will force you to either do horrible things or risk your survival. Choices are permanent in every gameplay. There's no last save point, no quick load - either you live with the consequences or start anew.This game is guaranteed to haunt your conscience."
76561198002112835,Recommended,282070,12972245,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Zergor,"Warning this game will keep you up late, cause sudden bursts of adrenaline, and make you question your morals. It will also make you think, what would I do?This type of game does not come along often. It is very inexpensive."
76561198140948076,Recommended,282070,12972511,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,toxicice02340,"This game not only offers a unique perspective and standing on war, but it also puts me in situations were i have to make very difficult decisions. wether that means raiding an outpost of armed soldiers with very little weapondry and man power, or stealing from inocent people who probably wont survive without the very things ive taken from them. This War of Mine pushes me to make tough decisions while being caught in the middle of a war, one that i know little to nothing about. and at the end of every day i'm left asking myself if it really was all worth it. i strongly recommend this game to anyone interested in seeing the battlefield in a way you might never have thought about before."
76561198000730426,Recommended,282070,12972948,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Teink,"Ook i just played this♥♥♥♥♥♥12 hours no sleep. day 34 I'm not  okay with the choices i've made. Ive let many people die, i've killed people, I raided a ♥♥♥♥in hospital for christ sakes and  kill the nurses and patients there.. Im not okay but THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS FANTASTIC !"
76561198046982195,Recommended,282070,12973539,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Jansson,"Stumbled upon this on a Friday evening and spent the entire weekend in a total binge. Just couldn ´t stop playing...Before i bought it i watched a few minutes on a ""let´s play"" on youtube by which the game was presented as a ""survival game without zombies"". Laughed about this comment as it really says alot about the current gaming industry. There is tons and tons and tons of ""procedurally generated open world sandbox zombie holocaust survival games "" blah, blah, blah. The industry seems to be all out of ideas. This War of Mine is different. Mainly, the setting of the game is more plaussible than other survival games. It emulates events that actually happens when civilians suffers from war. In game where you kill heaps of zombies with a shovel, you as a player really don´t feel affected by it: It´s a faceless monster going after your brains, it´s not a person or even an animal. But when you play a regular person that kills an old man in sheer desperation for food, now that´s something that really gets to you. It´s this that makes This War of Mine great. You are constantly faced with really though ethical decisions. You only have food for two and there is four of you. Who should eat? The hungry, sick old man or the starving young woman? Should we give medicne to that sick old man and hopefully save his life or should we save it to possibly barter for food for everyone?  Where should we go to find supplies? Should we send someone to the hotel eventhough we know it´s very dangerous? Or should we go to a safer location but possibly end up with nothing and starve? How far are we prepared to go for food? Would we steal from the helpless? Would we murder for it? And the desperation rises...Overall i think this is a great game. Restarted it a few times and it´s always slightly different. Only few cons i can think of is that eventhough it´s slightly different every restart, the replay value isn´t so high that you feel that you would have as fun with it as the first time you finished it. Yet there´s always some ""what if´s"" left when you finish the game. The character biographies isn´t all that developed and sometimes you lose track of their personal stories. Their stories are mainly about things from the past and doesn´t relate so much to their current situation. If the relations between the characters where more developed, with dialoges and events based on their internal relations, this game would be something you would play over and over and over... This plus some minor tweaks and it would be a total 10 out of 10.And if they launched a sequel i would be all over it!"
76561198067832406,Recommended,282070,13027088,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Myro,"Bought it because I enjoy survival games and it was on sale.I was hesitant about it at first because I read it was a side-scroller, and I've found a lot of those to be a bit boring,  but I've quickly become addicted to it. I haven't had any major problems with it besides one small glitch with something I'd constructed not registering when clicked on, but everything else has run smoothly. The characters and their reactions to the world around them are entirely realistic, and I have become invested in their personal stories. I wish there were some different homes, or more challenges that would present themselves, because it would be fun to break out of the habits you inevitably fall in to when replaying. Maybe a significantly longer war?Overall, I think it's fine the way it is, and I've really enjoyed playing it over and over again."
76561198118958395,Recommended,282070,13031373,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,.ICE,"This war of mine is a realistic and immersive survival game.The difficulty of the game is hard and challenging,as you have to explore territories as given in the map to scavenge for food,materials and medicine/bandage for the survival of your group,the the decision you make will effect your survivors later on in the game as if you were to kill or steal from others.The most challenging part for me is when i was given 2 survivors whose name are Anton and Cveta.Given the situation it was hell,looters were attacking in the starting nights of the game and i tried not to steal from others such as survivors and the elderly couple,so i only scavenge places with bandits and live of with trade,after struggling for medicine and food for 16 days.Finally on day 17 katia has found her way to our safe house and made their lives a bit easier with trade,after another 7 days marko arrives to their safe house as days passed they turn on the radio the radio announcers declares the ceasefire of pogoren in 1 week and after 34 days of survival they all made it alive.10/10"
76561198012352542,Recommended,282070,12998066,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Nightfox,"One of the best Indie titles I have played in awhile. Has room to improve, but I expect great things from this develper. Scavenging is one of the best gameplay mechanics I have seen in awhile. Nothing beats the rush of sneaking around and out sneaking your enemy."
,Recommended,282070,15212062,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sheriff,"Bought this days after christmas 2014.played it only one day.Was going well.Eventually stole stuff from defensless elderlys.felt deppressed about stealing from them.I havn't touched the game since.10/10 what if i didn't steal their stuff? what if i returned it all? i'm sure they would be just fine. Oh god, I think I stole her medicine too. why did I do that, someone help me."
76561198037138569,Recommended,282070,15154245,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,GordnBenit,This game made me realise I'm a fairly ruthless personHeh.
76561198053225666,Recommended,282070,15930382,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,smokytehbear,"Artistic, original, and surprisingly moving.This War of Mine utilizes a fairly basic UI and control scheme with limited elements of RPG and survival genres to create something that doesn't really fit into a genre at all. The simplistic mechanics actually play to its advantage, making it easier to focus on the cinematic feel and live out the story each long and hard-fought day at a time with your small ""family"" of civilian bystanders caught in the war, drawing some attention to the real life tragedy the game represents, and capturing a small essence of what it really means to be human and be alive despite violence all around.I would recommend this game primarily for the artistic elements. Although at times it can be hard, the general difficulty is easy enough that non-serious gamers can still enjoy the experience, and all but the most serious of gamers will still find it satisfying."
76561198044342721,Recommended,282070,13976524,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,PEO THE MAGICAL WIZARD,"""The War is Over."" That's the phrase that pops up when you survive the war, and frankly after playing this game that's all the satisfaction you will ever need.This game is indie. It's not funny, it's not known for its fighting mechanics, but it sends a message that can be summed up in three words ""war is bad."" But of course we already know that right? 9 out of 10 people you ask will probably say that war is bad. They might say support our troops, let the conflict in the middle east end, or hold a moment of silence as a sign of respect. But talk is cheap, actions are what define a person.By actions are what define a person I am not suggesting a call to action that every single one of us quit our dayjobs or schooling to go rally and achieve world peace. What I am asking is that you experience a very accurate simulation of what war is truly like, because after this game trust me, you will have a whole new understanding of what war is. Playing this game won't suddenly make you relate to the horrors that the REAL victims of war have seen. But it will make you feel like a human being and if you do it right, you will get some strong emotions in the mix too.If you do get this game, I suggest you try to play it as realistically as possible and as humanly as possible. What I mean by that is that you keep in your mind that these are real people you are controlling, because eventually there will come a point in the game where you will simply forget that. Everytime your character helps someone, you will feel happy. Everytime you turn away a neighbor asking for help you will feel bad. You will see things in the game that you are powerless to stop. Your morals will be questioned all the way until you either survive or perish. Will you steal from an elderly couple? Will you stand up from those who are being abused even if it means putting yourself in danger? Will you barter with the very people who are responsible for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looting, and taking advantage of ordinary citizens like you? You won't know who you really are until you play this game, until you realize that the game is sad for a reason, until you realize that all of the things that happen in this game could and have happened to other people in real life.You know war is bad. Now experience it for yourself.TL:DR I was feeling inspired and emotional. War is bad. Get this game if you have a heart and want to learn at the same time that you have some fun. :)"
,Recommended,282070,13574218,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Anthony Weiner,"Day 18:Backstabbed two thugs in a hotel. Took their guns, ammo, and a little bit of their food.Day 19:Went back to the hotel. Knifed the rest of the bandits inside. Took ALL of their guns, ammo, and food.Day 20:Traded those stolen guns for cigarettes and parts.Moral of the story:You do what you must in order to survive."
76561198062721867,Recommended,282070,13358137,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,CaptainEllison,"Bruno's Diary, day 45.Forty-five days. Forty-five days I have lived in this house while death reigned all around me. Six others have resided here with me in that time, and all are now gone. Marko, Pavle, Boris, Emilia, Marin, Katia, even the young girl Arica, who stayed for only one night and died of her wounds the very next day. All of them were strong, stronger than me, yet I alone have survived.I was a chef once, and a well respected one. That life seems like a dream really. I am a shadow of that man now, cooking rats over a makeshift stove with melted snow.They did things... WE did things. For so long I did not hold myself accountable for our crimes because I was never the man holding the gun. I did not shoot the boy protecting his deaf mother. I did not cut down the old man as he shielded his sobbing wife. But I allowed these things to happen, survived BECAUSE they happened. I was weak, and because of that, I am alive.For days I layed in that bed, the bed I built that very first day, and I waited to die. And now they tell me the war is over. What a joke.This war is never over.God forgive me for what I've done.11/10, would regret again"
76561198164700598,Recommended,282070,16918311,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,KingLaserface,This is the most depressing Sims expansion ever.
,Recommended,282070,12985909,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ponder,"This game is beautfiul. For the first time I've ever experienced in my life, I have found a realistic war game. The game where you aren't a solider - you're a rebel. You're a bandit, a saint, a stranger, or completely unknown.The game has decent playability by making many of the encounters, locations, and days completely unique for every time you play. The gameplay and content itself is point-and-click, but not lacking in action or the like. Every day you must tackle a handful of moral/ethical dilemmas while trying to keep you and your friends alive (assuming they haven't gotten sick, hurt, frozen to death, or starved).I have logged almost ten hours over two work days into this game, and I feel like I have only scratched the surface. It is an incredibly moving and realistic game that I would recommend to anyone.10/10"
76561198071754881,Recommended,282070,28202655,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Qwampa,"The story is about a group of people, who decide to quit smoking.Quite a nice game."
,Recommended,282070,17342687,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Admiral Asshat,"Skip to the bottom for the TL;DR.My most successful playthrough:War ended after 43 days.Up to that point, my guerrilla buddy Roman was kicking serious♥♥♥♥♥ even surviving a nearly fatal wound and being on bed rest for two weeks. That bed rest almost bankrupted my group, because nobody could risk going out to scavenge while people were trying to attack us so frequently, and we were down a person. Then, a rather unfortunate scuffle at a military outpost happened immediately after Roman made a full recovery.My almost as awesome sneaky lady Arica took his place in scavenging, and slaughtered the soldiers who gunned him down with an axe to the back. After nearly losing all my survivors in the middle of winter while trying to nurse Roman back to health, I suddenly had a crazy surplus of supplies.Day 41: Arica is finishing up looting the military outpost and goes back to the house.Day 42: Arica comes back to the house. Bruno and Cveta have frozen to death, out of ♥♥♥♥ing NOWHERE. EVERYONE had been walking around on guard that night with rifles, but I guess they couldn't be bothered to just throw some fuel into the furnace to keep warm. Two survivors left, I say ♥♥♥♥ it and end the day, and stay in so just the two of them can survive.Day 43: War's over.10/10 would rage at silly mechanics again.So, This War of Mine is a very, very good resource management/survival game. It is also tense, unbelievably tense, and lots of fun to play. It can get repetitive at times, but unless you have a very well-established base and are mostly self sufficient, you are playing a constant game of keeping up with resource needs. It took me roughly 3/4 of the way into my playthrough to really be well-off. The things you find yourself doing to stay alive can range from understandable to downright horrific, but the game doesn't force you into doing something awful and then dangle it in your face (*cough*, Spec Ops: The Line, *cough*). You are entirely in control of what you do to stay alive. I found myself targeting only bandit and soldier encampments, the latter of which I actually felt kinda bad about. I only got into the military outpost I spoke about above by slaughtering the soldiers who were willing to trade with me. The bandits can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves though.That being said, the game is not without its flaws. They are mostly very minor, though. For example, the silly mechanic that you completely lose all control of your survivors at home when you go out scavenging, and if you haven't forced them to do something before night time comes, they won't be able to do it until the morning. Is a person starving but you just managed to get something cooked at 7:50 and now they don't have enough time to get to the stove to eat it? Too bad, they will stay up all night and not touch the food, which would only take them 5 minutes to eat. And speaking of the stove, winter can be obnoxious in this game if you only have one stove. When winter comes, you have to boil readily available snow on your stove with a filter to get clean water, but if you have cooked a meal on the stove, the stove interaction is replaced with eating the meal, and you can no longer use the stove to create fuel (it's the only item in the game that I know of that could create fuel from other items, not counting the hatchet to break furniture down) until you eat the rest of the food. Did you make extra food and now nobody is hungry? Too bad, nobody will be able to use it to make fuel now, and people will probably freeze to death without it. And speaking of freezing like my two group members did, that is probably the one thing that infuriates me about this game; if you have resources available for someone to prevent death or expedite healing or what have you, they just will not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and they will not use them at night. When my two group members froze to death, we were sitting on a very healthy supply of fuel, but I guess they were just so watchful for bandits that they couldn't throw a couple ♥♥♥♥ing logs in the furnace. Best part? No bandits showed up that night.All in all, the game is very enjoyable, despite its flaws. I do very much so recommend this game, especially considering it's on sale as of me writing this.Overall score: 8.5/10Pros:*Very good story and atmosphere*Tense, emotionally charged gameplay*Very unique in many ways*Randomly generated experience each timeCons:*Not being able to control your whole group at night*Your group not having any self-preservation when they could prevent their deaths*Minor issues with mechanics of certain pieces of furniture, particularly the ovenGreat game, good developer. Buy the DLC to support charity too!"
,Recommended,282070,13854474,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sierra,"Probably the most authentic war game I've played.From the moment you set foot in your shelter you get the impression that war is a Bad Thing. It's a dark and cruel world, and it's the people who suffer. This War Of Mine is low key, and has a certain slow survivor's pace to it. Sometimes you get the occasional burst of intensity as you flee from bandits (carrying their supply of meds and canned food) but generally the gameplay is fairly slow. Not in a bad way, mind. It feels right considering the theme.You do some exploring, and much of the game is managing your resources. Where to get firewood, who should go get it, can we trade medicine for spare parts, etc. I enjoyed the small base building element, although I feel this could have been done more thorough to create a better connection to your shelter. All in all a good game with a refreshing perspective of what it means to be in a warzone."
,Recommended,282070,26544584,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nilop,"It's a beautiful game. Contains almost no bugs and plays nicely. Somewhat unrealistic to some degree, but still great."
76561198017802553,Recommended,282070,29131219,Posted: 8 January,all,RestlessRogue,77hrs played in 5 days = One of the absolute best games I've ever played! Right up there with Borderlands 2 and Diablo 3.
76561198082961431,Recommended,282070,13673687,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,nate,"Great survival/strategy game.  Not for the light hearted, may give you PTSD."
,Recommended,282070,24732595,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,spaneika,"It's like Don't Starve, but waaayyy more bleak and depressing.  Honestly not many people would enjoy this, but if you like a challenge, then you'll find it here. 3/5 suicides"
76561198006507317,Recommended,282070,13006792,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Rad,"Simplistic yet Brilliant.Familiar yet Unique.Dark yet full of Heart.It's a beatiful and immersive game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,282070,16438514,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,quickjk,itss gooodd like my♥♥♥♥♥and its goodits very good like♥♥♥♥♥and some♥♥♥♥♥♥very big♥♥♥♥♥♥like lisa ann♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥and head and lips and ♥♥♥♥ me right in the ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282070,16435465,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CafeteriaFriache,One of the most unique and unbelievable games I've ever played. It challanges your morallity
76561198048239801,Recommended,282070,16432484,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,razlO,"I tip my fedora to developersEDIT: After 5 hours of playing i was completely immersed in c haracters and was having difficuilt moral choices whether to steal/kill other people and trying hard for my people to survive. Depth of this game is amazing only thing i would like to add is having conversations between characters u play with and u meet.9,5/10 easily"
76561198174731406,Recommended,282070,16432619,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,big-snick,"Great game...very intense atmosphere, really one of the best games in that regard and even though the game isn't that deep in terms of gameplay its still very fascinating...i think everyone who likes survival games should try this one simply because of its great setting10/10"
,Recommended,282070,16432674,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,PalakooKasaka,"I was able to create my own character in the game. I made a fellow survivor get drunk and made her think she was invincible, then I went to a church to try to get food, and was beaten to death by the priest. 10/10All joking aside, this is actually a really good game. I've had a lot of fun with it so far. It shows a entirely new prospective on war games, literally. I loved the style of this game and while at times it can be a bit depressing, it is very entertaining. It's a game that you can play over and over again without getting bored.I encountered one glitch so far, and that was when one of the guys said something and then their word bubble didn't go away; and even stayed there when I went to other places to scavenge. Besides that it runs smoothly and well. I highly recommend this game. It is a very unique game."
76561198051355977,Recommended,282070,16434652,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ChemicalDemencia,"I would suggest this game if you seem interested and have a few bucks especially when on steam sale. Surprisingly fun, clean and well put together."
,Recommended,282070,16438868,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Real,Awesome game
,Recommended,282070,16439970,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Guzi,Great game! Gets really hard after the first hour of gameplay. The game has a lot of replayability due to the many characters you can play with. The game is all about moral choices so you might end up saving the life of a stranger in exchange for your own. Or you can be selfish and think about what is best for your group only.
76561198069356955,Recommended,282070,16442461,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,smiley,Winter is coming
76561198084222519,Recommended,282070,16443385,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MrPervSan,"War... War never changes. War is dark and gruesome. War makes the best of men into animals. Without laws, there is only survival of the strongest. You either fight to survive or perish with your morals.This game has challenged my personal morality with many of the choices that are in the game. What made the game for me was that I became attached to the survivors, eager to lead them to salvation. But, as I began to do what was neccesary... The survivors themselves reminded me that there is still humanity left in them. I scoffed, demanding depressed characters to stop whinning and be happy there was food to eat and fire burning.I realized I became a monster, but I was one that survived."
,Recommended,282070,16432191,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cake,Terrifying game.
76561198027376174,Recommended,282070,16438902,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Flying Elephant,"A fantastic game that everyone who lives in the comfort of NOT being in a warzone should play. As a person who spent 90 percent of his life abroad, in some countries alot less lucky than my native country of Belgium, I can tell you that this game hits what it feels like right on the head. Its got the atmosphere, its got the fear, the hope, the desperation. This game brings out real feelings, not forced ones like other titles i wont mention. Greek tragedy has got nothing on this. This is a game that makes you so thankfull that you actually have the option to hit Leave Game."
,Recommended,282070,16443434,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mirage,"Extremely good game. It shows the really gritty, depressing side of war, where every day is hell for the civilian populace. Fight to stay alive in the chaos, get food, water, and things to trade, Upgrade your house with beds, chairs and other necessities. If one of your survivors dies, the person is gone forever. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,282070,26185887,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,M477H3W,"Amazing game! would and have recommended to many People. It has so many posibilitys and can be so mutch more tho. Gets boreing after a while, as it starts to get repetitive and you run out of new things to build and have finished clearing out more and more places... so as much as this is an epic game that rounds out a Steam library verry nicely. if you only have the $Money$ to buy one game. this may not be the right choice. (20h Max of content) depending how quickly you pick up on how the game works and depending how much modding you do. Still would 100% recomend and will be a game i go back to ocasionaly."
,Recommended,282070,18153635,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Hdaddy,"This is a game where a war is raging and survivors are holding up the best they can in a run-down old building, in this game you need to find food, keep the survivors happy, keep them healthy, sickness, and wounds, kill people who are trying to get in your way of surviving.This game is 10/10 in my opinionWARNING: CAN BE SAD... PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK!"
76561198138094646,Recommended,282070,25481675,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TorgoNudo,"THIS GAME IS A TRAGEDYBitter sweet one.It made me realize how terrible and deppressing war is,how it could affect people mentally and physicall to the point that they would xommit such terrible aactions.People should play more games like this so they ll be more aware of it than just playing shooting game all the time."
,Recommended,282070,25477852,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,coolman559 | kickback.com,"Was skeptical of buying this game at first and saw it was on sale for 5,so thinking why not try it and now it was the best decision i ever done.i love survival games and this just take it to a whole new level."
,Recommended,282070,17586553,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,`Loam,"I killed an entire family, for a number of different reasons.- So the people in my house could continue to drink my drinks, and food my food- So we could be safe from the people trying to break in and steal the things we worked so hard to steal- So that I might actually find a shred of humanity within myself- I thought it would make my scavenging, and by extension my playthrough easierInstead we got raided, the scavenger was shot, and the chef hung himself.10/10 Depression SImulator 2015 - 'I Cri Evrtim' Edition"
,Recommended,282070,26824651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,And if I fall | xoxo,10 of 10!!!!U need 2 play this for reall!!
,Recommended,282070,28116050,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,baracuda csgo-dope.com,"I played this game before and I'm still playing but I play in offline mod generally so do not consider my hours on record. Basically this is fantastic game. Seriously you have to think about so many things and you have to figure out how you can make everything good until the end of war while considering ethical and moral things.For example, once I just killed every people to get their foods and medicines. However then all the players started becoming depressed and that was really hard to control or I tried to play ""nice man"" but then I died because I gave all the important things to someone else when they asked. Those children want really much !! Or in the Quite House I did not want to kill those older couple but after 10-15 days when we out of everything I had to kill them.Basic tips:- Without Marko surviving is really difficult because when you go to scavenge, you have to come back as much as possible.- If you are making your story, for the supermarket choose the soldier section because easily you can have a rifle and also because you save that woman everyone will feel nice.- When you start the game make a metal workshop and then a shovel.- After that make at least one bed immediately and be sure in a while you need to have beds for every person.- Upgrade your metal workshop, oven and workshop as soon as possible.- Do not give food everyday. I think best way is food per 2 days.To make this game better:- When someone comes to you and says ""we need this could you give me."" Sometimes you do not have what needed and you have to say no. There should be an option like ""I'm sorry we do not have what you want."" You can use it both way. I mean in truth manner or lie manner. Sometimes even you have you can say ohh sorry we do not have and it makes the players depressed.- Definitely we have to be able to double scavenge because even you have Marko, 15 slots is not enough."
,Recommended,282070,27087022,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mentle,"unique gameplay mechanics, good backstory, fun to play, depressing, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,282070,27303926,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[     ],play 4 fun
,Recommended,282070,13051032,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SurfaceKnight,"This War of Mine is a depressing survival game set in a war zone, where civilians must try to survive against hunger, bandits, sickess and depression. After my short playthrough of this game I can say that it is polished thoroughly so far; have not encountered any game-breaking bugs or crashes. Mechanics are fun and engaging. It reminds me a ton of State of Decay and Project Zomboid, but without the zombies! (who needs zombies to make a survival game great anyway)Great little game that has excellent replay value and takes a long time to complete. This is an indie GEM that deserves many awards for its intuitive design, aesthetic and character."
,Recommended,282070,20426472,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lagods,"My best description of this game is Sims with murder, depression, sickness, cold, and unthinkable moral delemmas... Take that how you like.This is one of the few single player games that I have played for more than a couple of hours. Though I got the game on sale, I would highly recomend it even at its full price."
76561198062584107,Recommended,282070,15162517,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,#FreeRangeCPU,"Runs like a dream on my 5 year old Bricktop. Great little game, reminds me of the RPG style Last Stand games without the zombies. Buy it, worth £10."
76561198072292702,Recommended,282070,23636364,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,dm08plyr,"This is a great game. I really enjoyed the elements that gave us a glimpse into the hardships faced by civilians during wartime and the difficult decisions and sacrifices that must be made. The survival gaming was also very well done and completely enjoyable. When the ""war was over"" I didn't want it to end! Fortunately there is the option to customize gameplay, so next time I can make it last longer. :)"
76561197966568565,Recommended,282070,23462367,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Evil Tito,Worth the money for the atmosphere alone. This dark decent into the hardships and struggles of a group of people surviving in an active warzone is fantastic. I rather enjoyed the individual biography of each survivor and his or her personal feelings toward certain actions. Really makes for a dynamic survival situation as you make challanging decisions for each of your survivors. It's always a challange to choose who will starve that day and who will attempt to sneak into enemy controlled area's to scavange food for the next days meal. Very good game. Deff recomend.
76561198127762284,Recommended,282070,28596141,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SugaryND,"This game is absolutely fantastic and definitely addicting. Once I start playing it I can't stop, it's just so good! You play as a single person or as a group of people surviving in a country where a war is going. You have to collect supplies, protect yourself and take care of yourself. In the beginning it's not too hard but as the weather changes and the game continues and supplies run out so you have to get stealthier it gets way harder. I feel that this game really does a good representation of what a war would be like. The game gives off an eerie and I guess you could say a pretty depressing vibe which really is perfect for people trying to survive in a war. I definitely recommend it."
76561198023791529,Recommended,282070,26638351,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Chain Impact,More fun with unlimited stacking mod.  such a pain having to go back to the same location because your pack is full.  Removes grinding.
76561197971627562,Recommended,282070,13301916,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Um...swoop,"I read someone else say ""This is the game we didn't know we needed"". And that person was absolutely correct. This game is not about being a hero, it's not a war game with guns a blazing. It will make you read the accounts of eastern Ukraine in the news today to get ideas about how to play it better. It will make you think about how we as a people survive in hardship. We overcome.On the game play and mechanics side of things it is also fantastic. Easy controls that only require a mouse, but everything can be accomplished easily enough. This game isn't trying to break ground in game play. However if you are worried about replay value, don't. The scavenging locations are random and so is the loot. Not that platformers are bad, but I would love to see this game made into a single player, first person, open world game. Perhaps similar to The Long Dark (also a fantastic game so far)..The art is fantastic. It's dark, it's grey, it's hell. The lighting is impressive.All in all I give it a 10."
76561198100094900,Recommended,282070,25418129,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DeltaMonkey,"This game is an amazing experience and reminder of the toll our wars actually take. It also reminds us of how people can remain strong and kind hearted even when they can't always afford to be, when there's no room for error. Very serious game and how you actually play is based off of your personality. Meaning if you're so weak as to go the bandit route I would kill you with the same emotion you would others and so would most people. Hold onto everything not just yourself, it's not just about you it's everyone's responsibility to keep the world moving. Let's not forget the war in the Donbass is still raging even though the world news stopped caring."
76561197984770889,Recommended,282070,13152184,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Unholy Scuzz,It is a survival platformer. You are trying to survive in a war torn city. Very enjoyable!
,Recommended,282070,13151773,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,{FL}Blitzkrieg,"8/10This War of Mine is a fantastic new take on the survival genre. I really love the game and have played 4 games already. The campaign is short, about 8-10 hours of gameplay, but by war's end you are left with a great feeling of accomplishment. My only complaint is that the combat controls still feel clunky, and can bug out on you from time to time. The game could also use some more options like a character creator, and the option to continue playing after the war ends in a sandbox mode. It would be nice to experience the city with open stores and interact with your neighbors after relief supplies get distributed. It would be a good way to witness the devastation and also a way to get all your characters back on their feet.Considering the patching that has already occurred, I can say this dev will have the game a 10/10 eventually. Until then I think it deserves a solid 8 out of 10, and totally worth the price of $20.Here's to hoping they add in a multiplayer feature, with combined houses, raid defense mechanics, and multiple scavengers during the night phase."
,Recommended,282070,25458224,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sorsii,This game is great in all its simplicity. War from another perspective. Would definitely recommend it!!
76561198082098858,Recommended,282070,17275178,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Marcosgmunoz,">Something stupid happens while I was scavenging with my favorite character>he dies>too traumatized to do anything so I missed my opportunity to crash the game to reset the day>close the game hoping it does it anyway>open the game>Day 39>Marko was killed while scavenging for supplies>no>close game>delete local files>go to bed even though it's 5pm>get up half an hour later and reinstall the gameHe was such a good man. He never did anything wrong. He had a loving family looking for him. Now he's dead. ♥♥♥♥ this game. 10/10yeah but in all seriousness it's one of the first games I've seen to make you feel the horrors of war deep in your soul.also the developers could prevent suicides by adding an option to have a save system (maybe similar to the one in Papers, Please) for the emotionally fragile"
76561198029841697,Recommended,282070,13239108,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,NeoForces,"The perspective is more serious than ""serious games"", the gameplay is more enjoyable than ""warfare games"". Definitely worth playing."
76561198028572092,Recommended,282070,14843569,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,thejinn,"This is a beautifully done game.  For all you people out there who have romantic ideas about war, try this indie game on for size.  There is a reason why people say war is hell.  As the game says, not all those in war are soldiers, and this game is definitely more REAL and relavent to today's world than 99% of the war games out there.**Mild Spoiler**I felt bad about stealing that food from those old people.  I'm sorry, but my guys were starving.  I HAD to?  They didn't even fight me or yell at me.  They were broken.  When my character got back, she was emotionally broken.  Literally.  She would not eat, sleep, or respond to my commands.  That's realistic!  Even when I thought I would use Roman, the ex soldier who usually doesn't care about others and also beat the crap out of my good cook, to just pick up this bandage in the hospital, he was sad, too.  I thought no one was using it, but you can see their thoughts, and Roman was thinking: ""What if the sick and wounded needed it?""  I left the medicine but Roman almost killed that cook, and I needed bandages.This game could even be educational for all the kids out there that think romantic ideas about war.And the new DLC is great.  I haven't played it yet, so how can I say it?  Because you can pick how much you want to pay, and 100% goes to charity, to children who are the victims of war.  How beautiful is that?  I'm living on limited income right now, so I opted to pay $.99 cents, and even though it is a tiny amount I needed to make a gesture.  Thanks, devs and company, for helping me feel a little better about myself, on this day of my birthday.10/10"
76561198012103418,Recommended,282070,13647898,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jdeis17,OMG
,Recommended,282070,26615412,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Lee Francer,"Very different, and successfully so.Decisions will have a real impact most of the time and the mood is somber, but don't be fooled by the graphics, this game will suck you in.10/10"
76561198040241291,Recommended,282070,26614009,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,GALL1UM16,"Very emotional game, very good!"
,Recommended,282070,13853775,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TehSEAL,O M G ... amazing game. I really like the game mechanics and the sudden chance of losing everything. Great game with full details.
,Recommended,282070,20035843,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Big Dick Richie,"I really enjoy playing this game since it's quite a strategic and challenging game and I think 11bit have nailed the way they have portrayed the game in a 2D sort of way. Love the game and would definately reccomend it to my mates.Pros- Enjoyable graphics- Cool style, and the pencil shading effect is awesome- AffordableCons -- Can get a bit tedious"
,Recommended,282070,13605663,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Thermal,"This game has to be one of the saddest games i have ever played...i had to steal from a old couple for food and when i came back they died, becuase of me. Children came to my door and asked for food for their dying mom and i couldnt give it to them.  This game isnt like any other survival game this game is something else."
76561198008707404,Recommended,282070,27556766,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Penguin,cute
,Recommended,282070,14749091,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Maksim,Remarkable piece of work.A deserved 10/10
,Recommended,282070,27586614,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Willkwi,"A very good beat-the-clock survival game revolving around resource management. Loads of fun, and the chance of escape/survival adds a purpose to the game that other survival games tend to lack."
,Recommended,282070,32602278,Posted: 20 June,all,Patriarch,"Survival, with a unique twist. No, not being civilians in a wartorn city. Having the option to hunt down and murder -bad- people, and take their♥♥♥♥♥♥to survive.I don't want to steal. I don't want to hurt innocent people. But I want to survive. And I want bad people to die for ruining the world. Rations taste so much better, when taken from the corpse of a sociopathic idiot.Thanks, This War Of Mine, for not making my only moral choices: kill everyone for no reason like a complete and total savage, or help everyone for no reason like a sheltered imbecile."
,Recommended,282070,13699164,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cilic,The side of war you rarely see.Seriously buy this game it's great.
,Recommended,282070,25447307,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Reshock,"When me and my brother were looking at the loading screen, we saw the logo of war child. Without any thought I said: ""Fuuuuu, it's an educational game... rip ur money bruh"". But then when we started playing it, more and more it looked like an epic game where your emotional level is tested with every single step you make in the game. So after playing the game for 3.7 hours, I can honestly say, that it is one of my favorite games."
76561198087085024,Recommended,282070,29389806,Posted: 20 January,all,Laa Laa,This is a very good one. I couldn't stop playing until the war ended.
,Recommended,282070,25738336,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,axaliS,"Would save a girl from being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a soldier but get shot instead, again.I dont mind the repetitive gameplay."
76561198079609416,Recommended,282070,25525773,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Galaga,Really really good!!! So immersive!!!!
76561198025704322,Recommended,282070,24210524,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,timbuck,Solid game.  Worth a play.
76561198123655654,Recommended,282070,26750611,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Skyhaster,"It really makes you want to survive all this shid - you can feel the burden to make hard decisions that may make you feel guilty and let you have a bad conscience. Sometimes even anger, When the fat cow complains again and again and stops moving its fat aess... The burden gets bigger and bigger and depression is all over the place. You die from hunger, get shot and stabbed if you face the wrong guys. A hard game that wants you to suffer. Not an everydays experience in the game industry. Good music, nice Art and still updatet by the devs and moddable! I recommend it. Get it on sale!"
,Recommended,282070,28002299,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"""I think i will do my best to be a good person and survive without hurting anybody""And now they are all dead. At least i tried..."
,Recommended,282070,27941537,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Netflix,"Very good game.There are times where people can make you feel very sad, and that is what makes the plot and storylines so interesting."
,Recommended,282070,27034328,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tyden,"I think this game was really well done and it invokes a lot of emotions while you are playing it. It makes you think about your actions and it puts your characters in situations that aren't always clearcut on what you should do in order to solve it. It's a really heavy game that I ended up enjoying because the little victories that you have throughout feel good, and the story that each character tells makes you want to continue to learn more about their lives."
,Recommended,282070,27037881,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tiberis,This game gets real.I feel they have done a great job of showing you the struggle of life that would be a daily occurance for some. Do you try to be the nice group and help anyone who knocks on your door? Or is it everyone for themselves?Life feels a bit different after you kill your first unarmed family to steal some scraps of food and bits of wood.Plus the developers just released additional content for this (for FREE! Seriously... who does that now days? It's great to see)
76561198103130173,Recommended,282070,27382614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eddard stark,A game that makes you think about every decision. Who will spend the night and gather supplies? Will you steal? Who will eat? Who won't? Just showcases the ugliness of war so well. Thank you for this game.
,Recommended,282070,28464059,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ddynamite,This game is an experience something you just can't describe just buy it you have nothing to lose and its proof video games are art.
,Recommended,282070,28465180,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,< [O - O] >,Inspiring.Emotional.Brutal.Touching.
,Recommended,282070,28475402,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TheBiggyBoy,Depression Simulator 2014I'm from Balkan and this game was inspired by the war in Bosnia (name of character and some graffits on walls are on our language)WAR IS BAD!
,Recommended,282070,28581166,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mr.Morose,"This War of Mine is a game of stark beauty.It is a brutal reality of what its like to live in a city under siege, This game is an eye opener. Never has a game invoked so much emotion in me, The decision are an actualization of good deeds go unrewarded and the wicked will prevail.8/10 for this captivating Indie survival."
76561198008928511,Recommended,282070,28571843,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,James P. Sullivan,"""Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia nor in England nor in America, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But, after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy or a fascist dictatorship or a Parliament or a Communist dictatorship...All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.""- Hermann GöringNuremburg Trials, 1946It doesn't matter which politician or warlord is responsible, war is the most horrifying act that can a human can possibly do. This game is excellent in its presentation of remaining conscientious while struggling for survival.This War of Mine should be studied in schools."
,Recommended,282070,28880083,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tiskirätti™,5/5
76561197997475375,Recommended,282070,25613827,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Old Gus,"This is not a fun game.  This is not meant to be fun.  Don't misunderstand, it is definitely enjoyable, and worth the time put in, but more enjoyable like 'Things Fall Apart', or 'Crime and Punishment', or 'Heart of Darkness', or 'The Grapes of Wrath.'  This is an adult game that asks, ""What is it like to survive in a war zone?"", but instead of just telling you about it, like a novel, it sets up an experiment.  Here is the city.  Here are the people in the house.  Here is the story you make.  You must make them survive, make them get through.  Your reward is a roller coaster of the heart, as you are forced to make impossible decisions, challenged between altruism and selfish survival.  And your reward is a combination of knowledge of yourself, learning more of these people's lives, and maybe, just maybe, making it out the other side.  You only get a small snippet of what happens to everyone after the war, but at the same time, it is less important than the choices you made, how you tried to stretch out the food and medicine, how you tried to make your home more safe, and who you decided had to go to make your group survive.Or, if you get the DLC, your family.  And the DLC really does expand in a grand way on this, mostly by showing children in the most realistic way I have seen in any game to date.  As smaller, weaker humans with less experience.  They will make you make hard choices.  They will then make you question your choices.  And even though you need to help them not be afraid of the very real monsters in the dark, they will help you not be afraid of the real monsters in your soul.Also, pro parenting tip from the game... if you train kids in how to do household chores, they can help around the house.  Although, they still want to spend some time playing."
,Recommended,282070,24078996,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TreeDreamer,"Such a great game.This game will make you incredibly sad and/or make you feel super sh*tty about the choices you made to survive (Like not having the food spare to help someone or letting someone else get hurt so your character doesn't die, etc etc.), and above all this game gives you a glimpse into what it would feel like to be in such an awful situation. A perpective on war that is refreshingly and heart-breakingly realistic.Basically the only ""con"" is that the combat system is pretty awkward and not very enjoyable, but this game isn't about the combat. It's about avoiding dangerous situations as much as possible (I mean, it's war you can't avoid them but you can try to avoid the even crappier ones), because we are all not badasses and that sh*t is actually terrifying~.If you wanna take a trip on the feels train, prepare yourself because this is one seriously feelsy ride. 10/10"
76561198026608931,Recommended,282070,23754154,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,wally_punisher,"Being a person who loves the roguelites and survivals, then stumbling upon this gem is refreshing.The game is masterfully excecuted, challenging, saddening, and makes you think about your decisions.Survivors have a nice and decent ""feelings"" system Plus the hunger and sickness, which adds to this experience.Trully, this was a game that existed only in my dreams and i can't believe i overlooked it until now"
,Recommended,282070,23762380,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Osaka,"Start game alright survive fine for 8 daysrun out of food have to break into an elderly couples house and steal the food from them involving violencehad to go to a homeless den and steal resources whilst a homeless man pestered me for food and to come back the next day to see him deadkilled a soldier in a supermarket for the gun he was carrying so i could kill other soldiers so i could provide safety to my groupwent to a hospital and stole medical supplies from dying peopleran into a building and killed all of the residents under the impression they were bandits, they were notthe supplies i needed for medicine could only be found at the church and i had no bartering materials so i took it by forceall of this just so me and my group could live another daythis game is an exact replica of the siege of Sarajevo showing just how much damage and angry serbian man can dopretty much like the sims except your ""sims"" can get depressed and kill themselves"
,Recommended,282070,22450657,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Airman,BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER-CHEAP-FUN-GOOD STORY-HAVE MANY WAYS U CAN APROACH EVERY SCENE-FEELS-MOONSHINE
,Recommended,282070,29539619,Posted: 28 January,all,0x63％ Nerd,"This experience of mineWhat can I say...it was one hell of a journey!Surviving a war torn place with a bunch of civilians is a different perspective of war, outlined by this game beautifully. Starting with sick and wounded people, I scavenged, stole and even killed to gather resources enough to keep everyone alive, but I also helped the hungry, weak or needy. At times I had to question my choices, but in the end, everything turned out well.Once I was out of meds and desperately needed some...so I raided the house of an elderly couple and took their meds. When opposed, I killed the old man with a crowbar. With a f*cking crowbar! Later, I felt really bad about what I had done. This is the first game that made me feel so guilty about my decisions.Moving on, the art style and gameplay is really good. Also the possibility of creating custom characters and stories, complete with workshop support adds a lot of replayability.I definitely recommend this game."
76561198004437321,Recommended,282070,22234337,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,RafaelMontana,Depressingly good.  Cant stop playing must collect everything.
,Recommended,282070,23730686,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jamzhate,this game is one of the best games i have ever played. you all shoud try it.
,Recommended,282070,23977578,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,N-,"Just a simple review about this game.Pros :Most Realistic game that i've ever play.Everybody got a gift. Also not equal to each other.When u got an addiction u can't leave it.When u killed innocent person u are going to feel guilty about it.Trading keep going on bro, no brakes.Fckin winter.Cons :It doesn't have that much of place optionOverall 8/10"
76561198111290703,Recommended,282070,24133853,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Asakir de Waxellson,"Even with only a couple of hours of gameplay (and some more watching let's plays), This War of Mine shows a good enough overview what it means to be at a war zone.I never was aktiv in a war, but as a former peace keeper I had my share of first hand stories and overviews of how things can go and what it means.The game itself is simple to handle, but with enough difficulty to never get bored or having time to relax. Soon you feel for the characters and it get's tense, when food, health and material gets short and you fight not only the outside, but also on the personal level.Great game, sad truth."
76561198244750652,Recommended,282070,32818719,Posted: 26 June,all,catsandtats,"Let me start by saying I didn't think I would like this game. I kept seeing it online and when it was on sale  I decided to get it.Holy balls was I wrong.Easily worth the money especially on sale. It's a rough game that makes you make tough decisions. You have to feed your people, keep them warm in winter, keep them healthy and keep them from getting depressed and killing themselves. You end up liking these characters a lot through simple interaction. It makes you question you're morals. I stole from some old  people so my people could eat and have meds. Went back and they were dead. It's a gritty and addictive game.My only con is some things aren't explained. Like how combat works or how to keep people happy.I robbed an elderly couple, got killed by a priest, and ate rats. 11/10"
76561198093860828,Recommended,282070,32810343,Posted: 26 June,all,kay,"""In modern war… you will die like a dog for no good reason.""Can't accept even one person die, so I restarted the game several times. Finally survived 4/4 in 20 hours.I thought it may be an endless game or have to escape from the city. Don't know when the war will end and almost lost hope at day 40. Luckly it ends at day 45, when everyone with deep wound and ran out of food.Don't wanna play once again.Whish for World Peace, no more war."
,Recommended,282070,32867385,Posted: 27 June,all,dangerously gay hackerman,Good game :D
76561198030544302,Recommended,282070,32840392,Posted: 26 June,all,danlovatclark,"This game is the best argument for ""games are art, dammit"" I've ever seen.If you ever find yourself thinking that you are too close to perfect happiness and in danger of activating an ancient gypsy curse, losing your soul, and becoming a killing machine, Angelus-style, then consider this game. Warning: it may make you want to purge the human race.War is hell. This game is not precisely pleasant. But it is a work of art."
76561198022419062,Recommended,282070,32842954,Posted: 26 June,all,Zeuscchini,"Truly amazing game, with great atmosphere, story, and gameplay - the total package.Gameplay wise, it's a 2D crafting/survival game, but can be very punishing if you miss something or make a mistake. Pretty much anything an kill you, from the cold, to lack of food, being attacked by a normal civilian, lack of base defence, or lack of medicine. I definitely found it challenging to keep all my survivors alive, until the end of the campaign, at first.I also found that each campaign added a lot of replay value, for me, and have played this through a number of times now. Your morality and the decisions you make during the campaign also influence the ending, and your survivors can emotionally suffer, based on what's happened in-game."
,Recommended,282070,27016520,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kardel,This game ruined my sleep cycle.
,Recommended,282070,32823935,Posted: 26 June,all,McKrees,Excellent game. Really shocking gameplay and atmosphere
,Recommended,282070,32819275,Posted: 26 June,all,King Kunta,"A GOOD GAME ABOUT WAR, telling you war is never great to begin with.buy and play it! worth every penny"
,Recommended,282070,32896621,Posted: 27 June,all,Roxie0strawberry,"Such a good game! it's one of those games that takes way more than just hours to play, but it's so cool and realistic."
76561198144025091,Recommended,282070,32915373,Posted: 27 June,all,ImNotACatfish™,"I was very skeptical about games like this but, it has a great art style and play style. I played 3$ for this while it was on sale. But if I could I'd definitely pay full price for it. Very addicting its hard but it makes it even more fun. Use stergic thinking while you play this game."
,Recommended,282070,32910365,Posted: 27 June,all,EliasXD,Esta Muy chingon este juego
,Recommended,282070,32917851,Posted: 28 June,all,✪ Delora,amazing game.
,Recommended,282070,32913445,Posted: 27 June,all,John Botolta,😭😭😭😭
,Recommended,282070,32920243,Posted: 28 June,all,7Luke,Nice one
76561197960424850,Recommended,282070,25860547,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,nyte,"This game - no, this experience - has left an impression on me. I'm writing this review, now over a year since I've completed the last survivor card, and I still think about it from time to time like it's an old memory from my past. The characters feel real. The stories feel familiar. My personal journey feels privately my own. This War of Mine was the most emmersive game experience I've ever had. I can't tell you the game itself is amazing, because it's not. But the experience is priceless."
,Recommended,282070,26868695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Caj!us|™,"Very nice game with a nice story, good atmosphere.Thumbs Up"
,Recommended,282070,33000838,Posted: 29 June,all,sqooq pue hssnd,"Bought it for pennies, played it for hours. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯-ExceptionalStories-ExceptionalGaming experience-ExceptionalGraphics- Etc.What I also really appreciate about this game is the Modding Tool."
,Recommended,282070,32868919,Posted: 27 June,all,vvudy,Worthy
,Recommended,282070,33581291,Posted: 16 July,all,KingWeir,"Highly addictive game, its one of those, just one more turn sort of games so I would highly recommend giving this one a go, for some you might end up sinking hours and hours into it, playing through it repeatedly with each available character as well as making your own, for others you’ll might just play through it few times until you finally survive and call it a day.Though there is some negatives, firstly which bugged me a lot, is that the game is spilt into two modes, daytime which is management mode, where you build up your settle and look after your characters and the night mode, where you go out to look for supplies, as this is supposedly the safe test time.During this time, you can also trade but during the day time, a trader visits at regular intervals so I find going out to trade as a waste of scavenging time, and if the trader, as well as other visitors can move around in daylight, why can’t we?I would of like it more if these two modes where blended into one, so you can decide, as personally I would of prefer to have gone on trading missions during the day or would have been nice if you can visit your neighbours yourself, offer to help or to trade with them, rather than you waiting for them to come to you.A grip with this management mode, is you can craft stuff and create more workstations to craft even more, some to improve the moral of your characters and the rest to trade, however I find, that there isn’t enough loot in the game to make this work, as at the start I’m selling the craft materials to buy more food, and building materials and then by the end, I’m no longer finding enough of this crafting materials to make much use of the workbenches that I have built, without going out to trade for them back again, which seems pointless, in the game where the idea is to survive, why would I be trading food, medicine or weapons for some ingredients to make alcohol, to then supposedly to trade back to get the food and medicine again? And the building the materials are used in pretty much all craft stations, so you rarely have them to spare either.Potential spoiler strategy either, apart from crafting places to get more food and water to survive, I found it was for the best just to ignore these other workbenches, aleast that’s how I eventually starting surviving after quite a few fail attempts at first.Another gripe is when your on these scavenging missions, you have time limit to get back before dawn, (before the management mode starts), however especially when visiting a new location, I quickly max out my carry limit and have to send home well in advance of the time limit, I would like it if the game was then to give you an option in these cases to risk another trip.So with that suggestion if mind, it would be nice if the distance of these locations where factor in, as no matter where you go on the map, it always takes 2hours, as day mode ends at 7pm and night mode starts at 9pm. As well as the option to send more than one scavenger, fair enough, risking one person on a new location but I’m sure, if you’ve been there and found it safe (I know in real-life that could change the following night but in this game apart from a couple of script events, if an area is safe, its always going to be safe), but full of potential resources you would send out a group to grab as much stuff as you can before somebody else finds.There are mods, that increase your carry limit, which I did start using as a way to fake simulator taking extra bodies to carry stuff but really that carry limit is then increased always and not just certain times where I might of consider risking more lives for more loot.But otherwise apart from these gripes, it was an really enjoyable game definitely worth playing, aleast through once."
76561198141629006,Recommended,282070,26634834,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Shinji Ikari,Imagine if The Sims became more of a depression simulator.
,Recommended,282070,32852480,Posted: 27 June,all,Dracarys,游戏总体很不错，让玩家们体验到了在战争中生存的不易。游戏中你需要收集材料，做家具来满足一些生活需求。比如床，如果没有就只能睡地板了，第二天角色就会出现睡眠不佳状态。以及录音机和炉灶做饭之类。细节方面挺到位的如果要说游戏的缺点，我列举几个。第一个，就是感觉心情系统有待完善，有些举动会影响角色心情，即使你觉得没什么。比如我操作角色去别的难民家偷东西，或者杀了人，都会影响全部角色的心情。按实际来说的话，你既然都干出这种行为了，有什么要后悔或者悲伤的？而且你不告诉同伴谁知道你干了这种事？第二个就是有些难民见人就开枪，都是同胞好不好？至于见人就打吗？第三个就是游戏存档功能很操蛋，只能保存你当天晚上回来的时候。有时候白天辛苦忙活了半天，出现什么问题关游戏了，那就都白费了。还有就是游戏后期比较无聊，设施齐全后基本不愁吃穿，天天吃喝睡就到了战争结束。我个人比较喜欢里边罗曼这个角色，战斗力很高，不仅适合守家，也适合去坏人家替天行道，而且即使杀了人，心情也不会有影响。总之游戏值得一试。
76561198013536055,Recommended,282070,18410889,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Syrinx2112,"This game is very addicting, bought it the other day and played almost 7 hours already.  A very well created game that balances being a human with emotions and a heart and trying to survive in a warzone.  an example of this is using the same character day after day to scavenge and stealing from people.  He finally had a breakdown from stealing from innocent people too much.  The other characters in the shelter judged him, some harshly others understanding.A very well thought out game with good graphics and story.  Many places to explore and people to meet (with some people coming to ask for help and others asking for a trade)  You really have to be careful how you manage your shelter as supplies are limited and hard to come by sometimes so you much choose between things you want and things you need (like choosing between wanting to upgrade my tables to keep making better items or buying that heater to keep my people warm in the winter)I give this game a very big thumbs up and a 9/10"
76561198011985299,Recommended,282070,17732602,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Milkie,"> Sent Marko to a shelled supermarket to search for food.> Upon arriving, Marko hears a conversation through a door.> Peeking through the door, there is a man and a woman. The man is armed in army gear with an AK-47.> Marko decides not to mess with them; Marko proceeds to loot the outside areas instead.> The conversation between the soldier and the woman carries on. The woman's scavenging for her family.> Eventually, the soldier demands she give him the food she found. She says no.> Conversation gets heated. Violence is imminent.> Watching through the door again, Marko takes action. He opens the door and advances on the soldier armed with nothing but a makeshift trench shovel.> Marko is shot two times and severely wounded, but manages to beat the soldier to death with the shovel.> The woman has feld, but is safe to return to her family with much-needed food.> Marko limps out like a boss.10/10, made me feel like a goddamn civilian hero."
76561197979309050,Recommended,282070,23846321,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Farenhai,"Impresive game. Pure survival in times of war. Game concept is great since you are not forced to do anything. You might not need to kill or -maybe- steal. But you'll probably do. The game won't force you to make any unmoral call... but this is war and sometimes you just can't afford humanity.Gameplay is somewhat a full-controlled Sim's. You don't need to master your gamepad skills in order to do anything. Just point&click to go there, point&click to do that ... easy.On the not-so-friendly side is that there's is no tutorial and it might take a little while until you realize how easy the gameplay is and how it works. (Most probably the reason why they didnt do the tutorial.Probably one of the best games I ever met. I'm unsure, however, how much will I last  playing it. In the other hand, it's been 10 hours and I haven't fisnished my very first war (apparently, there are many things randomized so the replayability value should be great and there is Steam Workshop). Therefore, I think it could be enough even if you only play one single campaign (many games last much less than 10 hours.This game is UNIQUE. A must-play. We could even be talking about art-made-videogame.Go buy it."
,Recommended,282070,25283211,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Tahcko,10/10Great:CharactersStorySoundtrackAtmosphereCome on this isn't a game this is an experience.
76561198029745359,Recommended,282070,33381140,Posted: 8 July,all,ApertureGirl,I have spent about 90 hours on this game and still playing it. I have become addicted to it and find myself only wanting to play this game. The depths of this game is alot of fun with different locations and people. I truly enjoy this game alot. Buying the DLCS was worth it as well. I truly hope more of it comes out because this is the type of game I'd find myself playing alot longer than all of my others very soon.
76561198103534947,Recommended,282070,32667565,Posted: 22 June,all,Eye of Providence,ENG)This game is rlly practical survival game. It's shows extream situation of war and conflict with people in that condition.KOR)굉장히 현실적인 서바이벌 게임. 전쟁상황의 극한과  그 상황에서의 사람들과의 갈등을 잘 보여주었다.
,Recommended,282070,33483461,Posted: 12 July,all,Face Guy,"I have never been so emotionally attached to any game's characters than I have playing this game. When you lose one of your survivors, it's almost as if you just lost a friend. You begin to grow a feeling of care for your survivors as if they were one of your own. When one of them get sick or injured, you begin to put their well being as a priority over your own desires as to what you want to do that day. I can not recommend this game enough, and my praise alone doesn't serve this game and it's developers justice.10/10 Game"
,Recommended,282070,33487024,Posted: 12 July,all,A regular bucket...of tofu.,"Well dang.You can play a new game with a different map and character set (and customize your own), so there is a lot of replayability if your soul can take it.  It can get pretty dark.10/10 would try to save a civilian from a government soldier and get shot for it again"
76561198397632802,Recommended,282070,33497199,Posted: 13 July,all,Doctor Jupiter,A good emotional game that gives me chills everytime i play it ...
,Recommended,282070,33497643,Posted: 13 July,all,Anibourben,"Dude, this is ♥♥♥♥ing great"
76561198046139672,Recommended,282070,13117251,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,HazyOblivion42,"I was planning my moves for the next day before I fell asleep each night. I was taking notes. I spent an hour talking to a buddy about strategy.I started looking at my neighbors houses, thinking about what kind of supplies might be in there.I checked my own pantry to see what kind of canned foods we had in case if emergency.This game invaded my life.Playing This War is Mine really made me feel each decision.  I could see how stealing affected my survivors, how desperate I had to be to take a life, and how the psychological effects of my actions had real impact. When my last survivor committed suicide, It affected me in real life. I was actually upset.  I never emotionally connect with a game like this.It is rare that I pay full price for a game. I feel this was worth the full price.It is rare I tell other people to purchase a game. I convinced at least 3 other people to buy this game.This War of Mine is crazy challenging, beautifully designed, artfully crafted, and a ton of fun to play. I have never felt such accomplishment when finishing a game as I did with this. (and I waited until I finished it before posting this review). I didn't even know IF there was an end. And I didn't care. I just wanted to survive."
76561198131943416,Recommended,282070,15000507,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,gump692007,This is one of those games I just could not stop playing this game really makes you think about humanity and the harshness  of war. This War of Mine is a very sureal experience and will go down as one of my favorite games of all time. For only $20 its truly amazing I would have paid $50 for this game thats how good it is its got beautiful atmoshere and really shows the devastation of war. After every mission I literally sat back and took the time to think about the things I had done and if a game can make you stop and forget its a game well you got to try this game 10/10!
,Recommended,282070,33468020,Posted: 11 July,all,loofychan,"This game (or should I call it a depression simulator?) is a little dark. You spend your time floating between starving, freezing and being wounded, sick or depressed, or a delightful combination of all of the above. The only joy remaining in this game is that it's pretty satisfying if you're a compulsive looter. Although I dearly wish you could expand your backpack slots!The game throws you in the deep end with pretty much no guidance, leading to a lot of trial and error in trying to survive. This is probably intentional - after all, the characters don't get any help, why should you? However, I must admit that after I'd read a guide online, I got a LOT more into it, and replayed it several times.The game mechanics were a little frustrating in that sometimes instead of attacking I would just be ducking in and out of cover repeatedly, and then die. Or when the graphics don't make it clear that there is a gap in the ceiling right above me that I could easily pass through, and I end up trying to go a more dangerous route, and dying. Or it not being clear how to use cover when a sniper is shooting at me, and dying. This is extra frustrating when you're hours into the game and death is permanent. Don't get me wrong, I definitely think permadeath is the right choice for a game like this, but death should be because you make a mistake, not because the mechanics haven't been properly explained or displayed to the player.Despite these niggles, this is a great game which can easily devour hours of your life, leaving you lost in a deep melancholy. Everything about its design contributes to communicating the misery of war."
,Recommended,282070,33469492,Posted: 11 July,all,DeadInside,"This is a very interesting survival game. Take deadlight with some elements of a better Fallout shelter and you have this game. The fact you can add pictures and create your own story, makes it awesome. Got it on a steam sale and do not regret this purchase. Highly addictive to try to make your entire household survive until the end."
,Recommended,282070,21145355,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Vejita,Exceptional art style and content. Only gripe is the controls are a little clunky.
76561198025550308,Recommended,282070,33082825,Posted: 1 July,all,Mann DeLorean,"Very unique & fun. The atmosphere is really cool & the gameplay stays interesting, nice slope of difficulty as game progresses. Multiple stories & characters add replay value. Dark & gritty plot & compelling writing make it a little depressing, but a very cool game."
76561197991940839,Recommended,282070,33094297,Posted: 1 July,all,JackyG,"To say a game is important is pretty pretentious but I will here. If you've ever played and enjoyed wargames you should try This War of Mine. Not because you should be ashamed of enjoying war games but because this offers a very unique perspective on War that is rarely if at all covered.Like Letters From Iwo Jima is a vital companion to Flags Of Our Fathers, This War Of Mine serves as an excellent companion to the great War games."
76561198075228358,Recommended,282070,33466831,Posted: 11 July,all,rahvinos,Really good and addictive game
76561198047725674,Recommended,282070,25421278,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,OzPol,"Great side scrolling survival game set in a fictional Eastern European country in the midst of war.You start as a lone survivor who scavenges food, medicine and weapons and materials to foritify your bombed out home as well as building numerous gadgets to ease your day to day struggle to survive. You group grows with new members arriving from time to time, each have their own skill and their own illnesses and/or addictions. Their personalities come into play as some will be fine with you killing and robbing to survive while others will think you a bandit, become depressed and even leave your group for good. The game forces you to make hard moral choices such as robbing/killing an old couple for their medicine and food just to help your group survive.Very challenging and quite addictive. It's 75% off at the time of me writing this and it's the bet $5 USD you'll spend in a long long time. I paid full price and I don't regret it."
76561197976612595,Recommended,282070,25422132,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MechZahn,"I feel like this game could be called, “Getting Kicked in the Gut Simulator, Hard 2015  Edition” and no one would bat an eye.That being said, it is profoundly human that we want to avoid suffering by doing one or both of two things when tragedy rears its ugly head. To take advantage of others in this time of need or to rise to the occasion and to attempt to be a source of light in the darkness. This game doesn't just ask you what that means but it’s builds an entire game play experience from it.I haven't played my copy a whole lot (yet) but there's a good reason for that. It's a painful to play get attached to your people only to do your best and they still sometimes die. I don’t know about you but I normally play games to feel powerful, some to feel intelligent. This War of Mine makes me feel weak and not ultimately in control. It does what it sets out to do.It’s made my past love of War Games weaker, inside.It’s interesting side effect. I find myself as I get older asking, “But is it really fun to watch people suffer and die?” Not like Doom where it’s a larger than life cartoon where you battle daemons to the death with your boom sticks and bare hands but a place where innocent people die so that the powers that be can continue their straggle hold on good people.I also enjoy survival games. TWoM does this well too. So you have a great deal of choices to contend with here but only so many outcomes that can be foreseen. It's in this back and forth that we realize who we are becoming in game and what that could mean. This game hurts not because it is imbalanced but because of what it is trying to do, life is not always a fair place.I will give this game a bitter sweet score of 8 out of 10 for these three reasons;1. It is genuinely unique to play.2. It asks interesting albeit painful things from the player.3. And it does not romanticize the horrors of War.If any of this sounds intriguing to you, you might just make it out of this war alive."
,Recommended,282070,13484027,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tubbington,"This game is amazing. So interactive for a game that all you do is use your mouse. Im amazed at what they did with this idea, I can't wait for updates keep it up!"
76561197965916889,Recommended,282070,33541753,Posted: 14 July,all,Dalyon,"Survival - resource management in a 2D environment where you control just regular off-the-street people to try to overcome the horror of being trapped in a city between two warring organizations, a scenario that's very real in our modern world.And for once in my entire life of gaming was I presented with such heavy moral choices where the only obstacle was my own conscience, not the difficulty of gaining my objective, not the utterly miniscule consequence that would follow, only myself.I just could not kill, let alone rob an innocent elderly couple even though my own group was struggling, I just couldn't.Thanks, This War of Mine, for letting me experience this feeling."
76561198029405475,Recommended,282070,32868111,Posted: 27 June,all,Outburst,summersale stickers
76561197985408313,Recommended,282070,25434404,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,kaber5150,"This game is hard to play, but not in the traditional sense.  You have to make some hard moral decisions through the course of the game.  Do I steal medical supplies from an elderly couple that will likely died without it?  Would I turn away starving children?  Would I fight soldiers I feel are enemies/bad for supplies?While this is just a video game there are people that face theses choices on a daily basis.  This game forced me to answer a question I never thought I would think about.....If I was in this situation, facing starvation, would I be able to kill someone for a can of food?"
,Recommended,282070,33362002,Posted: 7 July,all,NKRAFA,This War of Mine เกมที่เล่าเรื่องเกี่ยวกับการเอาชีวิตรอบระหว่างช่วงสงครามเกมนี้ขอรีวิวบ้านๆเลย เป็นเกมที่ดีมากๆ การกระทำมีผลต่อตัวละครเกือบหมด การขโมย การฆ่า การอดทน เกมนี้คือเกมที่เน้นจิตวิทยาสูงมากๆการเอาชีวิตรอดของคน 3 คนใน 40-60 วันตลอดการรบ มันทำให้เรารู้ว่าการเอาตัวรอดต้องอยู่ยังไง ความกดดันอยู่ไม่ห่างจากตัวเรา มันทำให้เห็นว่าการทำอะไรทุกๆอย่างมีผลเกือบหมด ตลอดทั้งเกมที่เล่นมาถึงเล่นไปเเค่ 2 ชม. เเต่บอกได้คำเดียวว่าเกมนี้เป็นเกมที่เยี่ยมยอดมากๆ กราฟิกง่ายเเต่ระบบเกมการเล่นไม่ทำให้กราฟิกดูเเย่เลย สำหรับใครที่อยากหาเกมเเนวคิดมากๆไว้เล่นนะครับ เกมนนี้เเนะนำ เล่นเเล้วคุ้มค่ามากๆ
,Recommended,282070,33670773,Posted: 20 July,all,SeNu csgoatse.com society.gg,"I have no bad thoughts about this game, it's a very strategic game, you need to choose characters and have 1-4 of them, when you're scavenging you need to take items carefully and think about anything you're gonna grab, ""will I need this"", ""is it better for anything else than trading"" etc. , also in daytime , you need to feed them , make them rest , take care of them and make sure of their needs. The game is awesome and a great strategy trainer."
,Recommended,282070,28882412,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Starmada,I'm only on Day 7 but I'm really enjoying this game. It reminds me of a darker Sims with less tedious tasks. And the artwork is excellent.
,Recommended,282070,15231848,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Eliyahu haNavi,A very well-designed and thought-out game. Shows a different side to war in a very creative and seemingly realistic way that makes the game fun to play as you strive to keep your survivors alive through dire multi-faceted experiences.
,Recommended,282070,13155734,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Blaze_E6,Got a axe to the head for stealing some tramps herbs. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,17369732,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Imfunsized10,Gr8 game would cry again
,Recommended,282070,28910289,Posted: 1 January,all,Antizer.,"-Took a break from studying and played this game-Played only an hour or so and immediately wanted to type this out.In that one hour of survival, I had multiple goosebumps during the night when scavenging.It's THAT thrilling.In the beginning I was almost disappointed because I am not really into games solely based on survival and was going to regret purchasing this.ButI got personally attached and connected with the three survivors, felt that their lives are on my hands and almost completely felt the struggle of living in a warzone just through my 7 days of survival (so far) and in a game! It's just so.. authentic.TL;DR Survival game with deep feels and goosebumps (which of course depends on people).Worth playing it if you want to personally feel and understand the lives of people suffering in warzones.-okay,back to studies-EDIT: Not into ""singleplayer"" games solely based on survival"
,Recommended,282070,17291072,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Shadow Moses OG,I dig it.
,Recommended,282070,13795236,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Shuten Doji,"I have always enjoyed survival games and games that test you by making your decisions last. In This War of Mine, you make one mistake and it could cost you everything, a key member of your group that you need and it could throw you off of your game. If you get raided and you cannot stop them from taking some of your supplies, most like food. The game will a true challenge and I have fallen in love with it and I keep finding myself playing again and again to try and get a perfect play even though, I know, there isn't a perfect play to these types of games. In my experience, This War of Mine isn't about beating the game, it's about seeing how long you can last before you die."
76561198071974334,Recommended,282070,13795172,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ben_of_Men,"Its a very good, challenging game. Not for the less adventurous. The only way to survive is to exit your comfort zone. It is possible to survive lengthy times being a saint, but much less likely than if you did a few naughty things. The gameplay itself is alright, but what it lacks there is made up for in the story and the depth of it all. Think I lost four groups of people before finally adventuring out and thinking like a survivalist should, getting hands dirty and all the horrible things that come with it. Kind of wish some of the items would stack more like wood and the random materials, sometimes requires going back to certain places for things which results in a drop in food so a bit of strategic planning is needed.As for helpful tips, don't die, watch out for looters, make sure your place is protected and your people armed, do not help people who come to your door unless you are certain they are taking items you do not need which is rare. Do not be afraid to explore because if you fall behind on your groups needs, it takes a lot more to recover."
76561198049496369,Recommended,282070,13149263,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Arkanno,If you want a realistic and challenging survival game.you will love this one10/10
,Recommended,282070,32634724,Posted: 21 June,all,Dimhaloxxx,Amazing game. Bought it on Sale for $4 and I would have paid full price if I had known how good this game was going to be.
76561198097185668,Recommended,282070,18362098,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,NotQuiteDead,"All i can say is wow, i have never felt so many emotions within less than an hour of playing a game, how on earth the developers make you feel so bad for a bunch of ones and zeros expressed as pixels i will never know."
,Recommended,282070,18844172,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kilo,"-Bought game-First play attempt-Stopped robbing a house cause little old cute couple-Went home got robbed by bandits-Died by sniper next day-Second play attempt-Murdered little old couple, cuase survival of the fittest-Looted their house- While looting house found letter written to grandson-Lied on floor trying not to cry-cried"
,Recommended,282070,18574559,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,zonjai,"Played it.  Lost first game on Day 33 at hour 7.  Things got desperate. Three nights in a row died while scavenging.  Fourth person died of cold (while depressed, hungry, and tired) in the interim. Picked the wrong places to visit looking for food.  Should have stolen from the old couple before cut off from that option.Loved the game.   Well done.  Few spots of tediousness and boredom, but it fit with the narrative.  Loved the game."
76561197985114798,Recommended,282070,26485012,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Wolf,"I love this game.  ""Don't Starve""-like survival from the perspective of civilians trapped in an urban warzone. Particularly poignant in the face of the tragedies currently underway in Syria and Iraq.  Starkly beautiful pencil sketch aesthetic, with a haunting soundtrack.  You feel connected to the characters.  Mechanics are solid and successfully keeping your family of strangers alive results in a real sigh of relief, then the immediate urge to start a new story.  The expansion ratchets up the emotion with the introduction of children to care for and keep alive through.  Buy this now."
76561198119065376,Recommended,282070,32810072,Posted: 26 June,all,The Last Turkish Warrior,this game perfect for me because i can taste everything all actions and iam sharing with in game character
,Recommended,282070,19820276,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Zunami,"Rating: 8/10Replayability: HighBudget: It's a very good game, takes a long time to complete.Length: See above.The game is a survival game, set during a war (if you hadn't noticed).For once, you're playing as the civilian victims, not the soldiers.Struggling through the game, without access to anything from water to food, you have to scavenge to survive, and repurpose what you can.As you slowly drag your way forward in this game, more and more options open up to you, but the game is brutal and punishing, offering little respite or help.Some might be inclined to call this a rogue-like.The music in the game is memorable, and the game paints a very vidid picture of an actual situation. The summer of 2015 will probably always be somewhat associated with this game for me."
,Recommended,282070,30164263,Posted: 25 February,all,Kaiirin,"A great experience.This Ware of Mine is an awesome game, I don't want to spoil any aspect of the game because you have to discover by yourself but the ""plot"" and the story/stories make the game looks like an hardcore game but it's not really. You will die and retry but living this experience is good.I played only 10 hours yet, 2 sessions of 5 hours and the time has flown very quickly.I need to play it more.Gameplay: 7/10Graphics: 7/10Music: 8/10Story: 8/10"
,Recommended,282070,26272191,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sakujo,"The winter got me hard. Colder and colder and colder every day. I had to chop down the chairs in my house and burn the books. Pavle died when he broke in into a church to find firewood. Some bandits found him almost frozen dead and hungry. They shot him a bullet into the head. Roman was angry, very angry. The next day he came back and cold bloody murdered them with his bare hands. Finally he had the chance to break the remaining furniture into burnable pieces. Katia got sick because of the cold and she missed Pavle a lot. Thanks to Brunos cooking skills the remaining three managed to stay alive.Very good game and very nice balanced. You feel the need to find resources to not die on hunger or freeze to death. You are caught between dieing in the cold/starve or become yourself the evil and rob poor people in your neighbourhood.Would buy again! Especially the great soundtrack helps to give you a very depressing feeling. Don't expect this game to be ""fun"". It's fun in a different way, because it feels great to play."
,Recommended,282070,12979189,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,รקคςєςคtคz,"While the Polygon review stating ""actually feels like you're in a real war"", is a bit.. dramatic, nonetheless this game is full of difficult choices. You are constantly forced to choose between your and your groups survival. The AI characters all have their own personal belief systems and moral compass, which often adds an extra level of difficulty to already complicated situations. Do you let two young men in your group die because you have no medicine for them? Do you kill an elderly couple, if they refuse to give you that medicine or help you in the slightest? Do you stand by and stop a fellow survivor, a stranger from being sexually assaulted? Or do you slink off unnoticed because you have nothing but your fists? Pair the above with mostly tight controls, grim apocolyptic backgrounds, and the good ol' crafting/sim mechanic.. and you have a very good game. At the 20 dollar price point I don't feel ripped off, I actually feel it's perfectly priced. This is a must play, and I only write these stupid reviews for must play games."
,Recommended,282070,33889362,Posted: 29 July,all,Paragon-panda,Puzzling and yet touching even with very little information 10/10
,Recommended,282070,32605757,Posted: 20 June,all,Savage St4rlord,"One of the absolute best survival experiences you will ever have... and NO ZOMBIES! I usually don't play these types of games, but this game is different. This was worth of the sale for $4.99. I would recommend this game all teh way."
,Recommended,282070,19346386,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Torkool,"I have no words to properly explain this game, but there are many other reviews that do a pretty good job at it. All I can say is that I'm not regularly a fan of these types of games, but I've barely even played this game and it's already my favorite game of all time.If you're thinking about buying this game, just do it. You can't go wrong with something this amazing!"
,Recommended,282070,13502339,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MrSpeed,"Very Good exciting game , and hard"
,Recommended,282070,13534133,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TheNandoShow,"The second I started playing the game I was hooked. Think of DayZ (without zombies) meets the sims. You can make your survivors do whatever you wish, but they will react accordingly. Making the wrong decisions can lead to starvation, illness, hypothermia, and even suicide. You will constantly be forced to choose between your humanity and your survival. Buy this game."
76561198039223710,Recommended,282070,13278157,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,=POW= Artillery,"Round I, Made it to Day 21:Day 7: Boris knocks on the door, asks to the join community. We're low on food, but let him join -- at the cost of being our supply mule.Night, Day 7: Boris goes to the Quiet House and finds an elderly couple. Boris kills the elderly man with his shovel and chases the elderly woman to the basement where she begs for her life. Boris is merciless.Day 8: Boris' return from scavenging. Boris is depressed, nearly broken; however, he returns with many important items, improving our food stores and our arsenal.Night, Day 8: Boris again wonders to a peaceful area, loads himself down with materials, and returns.Day 9: Community worries Borris is a monster, ""How could Borris do such a thing....""Night, Day 9: Boris' hubris is too great, he gets blown away by a gang of thugs.Day 10: Bruno is mortally wounded by theives in the night, it doesn't look good - he later succumbs, very hungry, to his wounds (about Day 14).Day 16-17: Marko is forced to commit unthinkable acts in the preceeding days, killing four people: a soldier, a dying man and his son, and a bandit.Day 18: Overcome by his actions, broken, Marko leaves the community, leaving Palve - now a chain smoker - on his own.Night, Day 20: Palve goes to the school, listens to some bandits behind a locked door. In a last act of desperation, Palve raises his shotgun, kills a bandit, and is then flooded by the bandit's gang, killed, left dead.I survived only 21 days.------Round II, Made it to Day 24 (could have gonel longer; made poor decisions):After doing a bit of reading and after becoming more knowledgable about good game strategy, the game became easier to play. The second time, I made it to day 24, loosing three people in four days - stay away from the Brothel. The remaining survivor, Katia, took her own life."
,Recommended,282070,25352691,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Dworin,Should be finished three times in hardcore mode before being allowed to play Call of Duty.
76561198004652915,Recommended,282070,16717066,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,=AD= B777R,"It's a massive like from me. Definitely worth to pay for.This is not a game about war, or just survive - it's about how to remain people."
76561198052193514,Recommended,282070,21247841,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Esilanna,"Fantastic game, and one of the first games I've encountered where you see the side of war from the civilians point of view. It's emotive, tough and makes you feel desperate to retrieve and steal items your people need to get through. I cannot recommend it enough. If you're looking for something that challenges you emotionally and strategically this is the game for you."
76561198034157995,Recommended,282070,25430922,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Rebell!0n,This game really does give you a new perspective on war even though it reminds me of don't starve. I honestly excpected it to be a bit more depressing but I'm not complaining. I would really recommend this game for those who like a good survival game without zombies.
76561197985599207,Recommended,282070,13727115,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Canisgendered Translabradog,"My achievements so far:-Stole a gramp couple's food supplies.Check.-Went to church with an AK-47.Check.-Robbed a hospital from any valuable medicine.Check.-Managed to pull my housemates out of starvation.Erm...-Tried conquering a heavily-occupied building (and failed, epically) like a smart4ss.Check.-Prevent one of my more-vulnerable female renters from slitting her wrists.NOPE.-Survive the dreaded winter.._.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,33932495,Posted: 31 July,all,CCL sama,"This game is a must for any survival fans out there!The grim atmosphere and background music works very well together.You can scavenge at night and do base management on daybreak until the war is over.Each character has a different skill and each playthrough has randomlooting locations which make this game highly replayable.Be careful though! If one of your chars die they are permadeath!Keep that in mind when you do something risky.The level design looks very realistic! There is nothing to complain here.Shelled builings, burning houses, abandoned locations... perfect scavenging spots!There is a lot of stuff you can do in this game:- You can kill anyone you like, but killing innocent people will make your people unhappy.- You can use stealth in this game and steal stuff or kill people with a deadly backstab.- Looting stuff from dead bodies... yay!- Run, jump, climb and using different tools to break through any obstacles.- Dropping your stuff for later is possible.- Some people will trade with you....and as always there are bugs:- It's not a big deal, but sometimes you get to see some glitchy animation.- NPC often mistakes your footsteps as gunshots lol.- There are loot-containers ingame that respawns the loot which is very gamebreaking!- Scavenge dead bodies before you go back or they will be gone when you return!- Hostile NPCs saying ""I FOUND YOU!"" when they actually don't.- Pathfinding system is pretty wonky here. Sometimes they just stay there forever even when they have a certain routine.This War of Mine is a great game and offers a lot features that survival fans will love! Definitely worth the full price!"
,Recommended,282070,13080415,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Rodzilla,"I'm a huge fan of survival and rogue-like games. Challenge and realism is what I look for in a good survival game.Now, before I buy a game, I always look at the bad reviews first (which this game only had a couple in relation to the reverse amount of positive reviews) and make a decision. Most of the bad reviews, from what I can tell, are people who were expecting a game that it wasn't. They blame the stealth system or the repetitivness or that they can't explore more than what the devs wrote into the game. While some of this I can see validity and give them some credit, most of the bad reviews taste a little like ""rage-quit"".Seeing how I was already interested just from the video (and the music with it right?) I decided to buy it and play it for myself... I was NOT disappointed.The game does indeed, in my opinion, lack content. But don't let that deter you! This game is really fun and addicting. The devs had a great idea and made it into something that could have a great sequel or some good DLC. The graphics are perfect for giving you that feeling of depression. Every decision I made in the game was a drastic one. But when I finally got one of the two ending achievments, i've never felt so accomplished. Took numerous playthroughs but the feeling of surviving is great. I can now say I am in the 1% of people who have that achievment.So I'll go over some quick pros and cons before I close out.Pros:- Great ambience and graphics (music, art, sounds)- Balanced, yet challenging loot and crafting system- Great character and story developmentCons:- Its a little high priced for how much content there is. (but you won't NOT have fun, I promise)- The stealth system IS in fact a little flawed. But I don't want to hear any excuses. Surving in real life would be harder than beating this game, so suck it up. I did it in 24 total hours and only got ONE of the two endings.All-in-all I had a really good time with this game. I'd like to see some DLC or a sequel sometime though. I'd definitely buy them. Remeber, if you don't like survival or rogue-like games, this game is NOT for you.Happy gaming!"
76561198215463899,Recommended,282070,19812450,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Robin,This game is absolutely AMAZING.... I would defenetely reccomend this game to anyone I just got the game and cannot stop playing it. Its just so... so... Real.....
,Recommended,282070,19945120,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Scarlet Rose,You won't believe how addictive it is
76561198058960102,Recommended,282070,13329215,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,バレンティン,So emotional (>>_<<)Like in real war. 10 out of 10
76561198100410377,Recommended,282070,13049548,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,nightfish,"It took me two playthroughs to get through this game. But don't let that fool you, It's pretty damn difficult the first time through. The game has an all too real feel to it; a sense of relentless doom. I love this story and all the different characters I've encountered. Only by luck and desperation got me through the second playthrough. But now that I've defeated it, I noticed that it lacks the pull of another replay. Still worth the money."
,Recommended,282070,27679620,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,🐺 Wolfinna,"This game hits you right in the feels and I loved it, I went into deep emotions and the dark atmospheric environments of war, to witness murder, loss,♥♥♥♥♥♥ empty hope and depression, many times I could not do anything but feel my heart become very small into my chest, feeling powerless and believe me, that's, somehow, fun."
01020102010101111,Recommended,282070,27789941,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Joe Kurr,Depression Simulator.
,Recommended,282070,33145671,Posted: 2 July,all,Minotorious,great game :)
,Recommended,282070,28996076,Posted: 3 January,all,Yrors,"A solid survival experience from the perspective of civilians in the midst of a war.Quick Pros/ConsPros- Dedicated developers that still continue to improve the game, though maybe not as much as they used to.- Strong atmosphere and care for the characters you control.- There is a fair bit of customisability and building to be done in your shelter.- Finding food and resources is difficult and often requires risk.- Random events, such as people asking for needed supplies, that can challenge the player's will to help others.- You experience the consequences of your actions, most of the time.Cons- Combat can feel a little simplistic at times.- There could be more forms of cover to hide behind and stealth in general could be slightly better.- DLC is expensive for the content that is included.- There are still a few small bugs with the game including occasional crashes.8/10I would recommend this game to anyone willing to pick it up as it is a solid experience. However if you are unsure, I would recommend this game on a small sale for under $15 or $10 dollars."
76561198027897170,Recommended,282070,28941298,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr. Magic,"A truly well made, emotionally driven game.The goal of the game is survival until the end of the war. Sounds easy enough, until you are forced to make decisions that will have you questioning your morals. For instance, in my first playthrough, I was forced to kill a man who had food on him. It was either him, or everybody in my shelter died of starvation. It made me personally sick watching Pavle, the character who I had used to kill the man, slowly become depressed because of his guilty conscience.I would highly recommend this game to anybody."
76561197999567766,Recommended,282070,19839023,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Barão,"Incredibly good. Bought on sale based only on user likes. So I wasn't expecting much.This is the kind of game that takes you out of your comfort zone. It is a memorable experience.You can't save the game to ""try something out"". You just can't.(Obviously when you leave the game, you can come back to the same day as you left).And it is a hard game. So ... what happens when you have a hard game with no saving? Something near to life. So don't try it out If you just play games to have fun. This game is a life experience. Not exactly funny one.I'm very experienced with management games, but I resorted on saving all the time, to get a 'perfect' management. In this game you HAVE to risk one of your characters, and that's a feeling I didn't have for years. Fear!When you have a ""save game"" option, you don't fear much, or at all.So, in short, this game brings this intense experience. Specially fear of making bad decisions and having to live with it. In other games, if one character died, I loaded the previous save game instantly. I just could not live with that 'mistake'. Here you would begin a new story. And that's a lot of time. So I had to live with some losses. That was quite an xp for me  =)Also the game is very well polished. No bugs, nothing annoying. If I was the QA guy, I would have nothing to suggest."
,Recommended,282070,33217391,Posted: 3 July,all,SummerTank,"This War of Mine is not exactly a war game, although war is very much the main theme. You try to survive while in a war zone as a civilian, so you are not a gun-toting supersoldier who mows down hordes of baddies.There is a main house where all your survivors live within the day. In the first few minutes of the game, you clear the rubble and build basic amenities. After that, you can send them on missions during the night (controlling only one of them at a time). Depending on the zone you choose to scavenge, you could encounter armed criminals or simply civilians trying to find scraps to survive, just like you.The main gameplay loop goes like this. During the day cycle, your survivors need to eat and rest (if they didn't sleep during the night) while upgrading your workbenches to be more efficient and unlcoking more crafting options. The night cycle lets you scavenge, and, if you want, fight for resources to the death. You can also get raided during the night.You control everything with the mouse, and most actions are done via clicking a point in the map (which is in a 2D perspective, even if the graphics are 3D) and waiting for the action to be completed.The atmosphere is great, which means that the game is grim and sad without forcing it on you. There are lots of tiny dialogue bubbles that will pop up, telling you what each survivor thinks and how they feel right now. Sometimes it's useful for the gameplay (""They say that raiders have been getting more violent..."") and sometimes it's just to add to the immersion. The graphics are almost entirely black and white, giving them a chalk/charcoal drawing kind of feel.I found them very pretty, but I guess it might bother others who are used to vibrant, punchy colors.I enjoyed playing TWoM despite some issues that I will explain later, as the search for resources, the trading, the events, the crafting and the stealth/combat were all properly executed. Surviving a war zone is never fun, but it is definitely engaging in this particular case.The main shortcoming of the game is that sometimes it can feel a bit unpolished. For example,there is no option to speed up the day cycle, even if all your survivors are doing something that will take a long time to finish. The only option is to end the day altogether, but this is extremely inefficient. Basically, sometimes you are forced to sit and watch the game play itself.Also, I understand that it is a war zone and people have emotions, but killing someone, even if they attack you first, will make a lot of survivors instantly depressed (keep in mind that to get to the end of the game, you WILL have to kill people, otherwise you'll never get the resources you need).This means that they will sometimes sit on the ground and cry, without any option to move or do something about it. Other survivors can try and console them, but that is very lenghty and usually will not work for more than a few hours.It would be nice to have clear stats on who can get depressed more easily so you can avoid stealing or killing with them.I think that all of these issues can be easily fixed in a sequel, but unfortunately the devs have explicitly stated that they are working on a completely different game.Still, at any price, this game is worth buying if you're into gritty, serious and emotional survival. At the current 80% discount, it's a must buy. Just don't expect to finish the game with a big smile on your face."
,Recommended,282070,33808323,Posted: 26 July,all,Snake,"This War of Mine realistically depicts what civilians have to go through just to survive. Shying away from the typical perspective for war games which is usually that of a soldier's, it tests players in ways that will leave them shocked or depressed (as was the case for me).Game Mechanics:- MoralePerhaps one of the main mechanics that further adds realism to the game, every action that you make will affect the morale of your characters. From killing bandits to stealing valuable items, they will either be contented or fall into a state of sadness or worse, depression. What makes this game mechanic better is that not all characters will suffer the same reward or penalty to their morale. There are some that are more practical and will just be like ""We did what we had to do to survive"" whenever one of the group steals from neutral or civilian characters. Of course there are others that will immediately be demoralized and will need to be consoled by others.- TradingAs is the case for most,if not all wars, money has no value. As such, players will have to rely on looting or crafting items valuable enough to be traded for items that they need, which is great because this gives them a lot of ways to get items that they are unsure how to acquire. Rather than farming for materials to craft a certain item, they can instead trade for it. There is a trader that regularly comes to the player's house approximately every 3 days, so you won't have to scour the entire map just to find one. In addition, there are certain places that have available traders. TAKE NOTE that some of them have really bad rates, so if you think that you are not getting much for what you are giving up, don't hesitate to reject it.- Others:As players progress through the game and get more materials, more items will be available for crafting. Most of them are very important and will play a part in the survival of the characters. Also, there will be times during the game that their house will be attacked by robbers nearly every day. Hence, it is a must for players to fortify it as soon as they can, as even if only one guard is on watch, a fully fortified house will almost always be able to repel any bandit attack without any wounds or losses. I believe there are even more mechanics for this game but I'll leave that for you guys to explore :DEnding of the characters' storiesWhile one of the more subtle elements of the game, the ending of the characters that players control can change depending on their actions throughout the war. For instance, if one of them kept stealing or even killed civilians, this can lead to a bad ending for them should they survive the war. While I do not consider it that realistic, it may have been introduced by the game's developers as an evaluation: You survived the war, but at what cost?Overall thoughts:This War of Mine's introduction of the civilian perspective when it comes to wars is definitely what got me hooked into it. You will find that there is more to this game than just surviving. While it's quite difficult, and would sometimes leave you shocked, it will challenge you to be crafty and patient. Furthermore, it's not that expensive given the amount of content and the high value of replayability that it has.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, regardless of whether it is on sale or not."
76561198091442971,Recommended,282070,13972066,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Lt. Voltaire,"I feel like this is somewhat of a sleeper game that flew under the radar for a lot of people and for that reason I am writing a review. This War of Mine is an absolute gem and a game that deserves attention for exploring a part of war that is hardly ever seen. When playing triple A titles like Call of Duty or Battlefield or any other fast paced FPS I always noticed how there were never civilians around and rather than the cities or locales we were fighting through looking lived in, they looked like set piece ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with conveniently placed cover.This War of Mine puts you in the shoes of a civilian with one simple goal: survive! You and a few survivors (usually between three and five from a roster of about ten or twelve) are put in a house and need to do whatever you can to survive. During the day you can scavenge around your house or build upgardes such as weapons, stove, animal traps, rain catchers, beds and even a guitar.During the night time you must pick one person to venture out into one of the locations where supplies must be scavenged. Early in the game you only need a lockpick or two to search for cigarettes, food, and building supplies. Yet as you start to exhuast supplies you must venture into areas where other people are living, usually armed and dangerous. It becomes a balancing act by ensuring the survival of your group and trying to navigate the tough moral implications of you stealing supplies from other or in extreme situations killing them.It is a tough game and you must be prepared for members of your group to suffer quite a bit as the strain of trying to live in a warzone takes its toll. It is a visceral and somewhat brutal take on a facet of war that is seldom explored. It is definitely worth a try to see if you can last in This War of Mine."
,Recommended,282070,14529117,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,God Emperor Trump,Its a heartbreaking game never before have I felt that many emotions over digital characters
,Recommended,282070,32618493,Posted: 21 June,all,avalancha,"Well designed, well balanced, just an overall great game, even besides the chilling setting and story. Would buy again"
76561198058292695,Recommended,282070,24695847,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TheOneWhoKnocks,"I have just witnessed something I have never felt for awhile....Sadness....When I started the game, I had three survivors, Palve, Marko, and Bruno, Bruno and Marko were close friends when the bombings start and they picked up Palve along the ride. I made 2 bed in the basement and a stove in the kitchen and everything seemed to go their way, good food, medicene, everything, however, this was only during the day, at night, I sent Palve to a Ruined Villia and was shanked 3 times from the owner and had major wounds when he came back. Then everything derailed from there, looters kept on coming to loot there little safehouse and injured Marko and Bruno.After 5 or so days, Palve died from his wounds and Marko and Bruno were the only ones alive and they kept on going, no matter what. before The Outbreak of Crime, they allowed another war victim to join them a woman named Arica. Her shelter was bombed and needed to find a new home. Marko and Bruno were heavily wounded and yet they allowed her to stay with them.One day, as Marko and Bruno's condition grew worse and worse, Erica decided to go to the hospital to get something to help them at night, turns out that they don't sell bandages, but they have many doctors that could heal the two friends. As Arica arrived back to the house....... It was all lost.....The two beds held the bodies of not friends nor enemies..... But the remains of what left Arica......10/10 would go through this emotional rollercoaster again"
76561197999229195,Recommended,282070,14409652,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,sagelily_1,"This is a fantastic game. It has a surprising amount of replayablility. I've played it at least ten times and am nowhere near tired of it yet. It's a basic resource-gathering game, but it has many nuances. It's thought-provoking and challenging, It encourages you to explore the altruistic side of survival by making the game more difficult if you elect to steal, or ignore your neighbor's cries for help. There is also a more aggressive way to play that is extremely challenging but incredibly rewarding. You can rescue slaves at the brothal and free the hostage at the hotel, for example.  I really like the aesthetics of the game as well. Definitely one of the best games I've played in some time.UPDATE:Almost two years later and I am still playing this game regulary. I love the changes and additions made in the DLCs. This is definately one the of my favorite games."
76561198082647910,Recommended,282070,33861851,Posted: 28 July,all,Nozmoking,awesome ... its a new experience
,Recommended,282070,32609007,Posted: 20 June,all,Calabresi W,"Makes you think, if you don´t."
,Recommended,282070,16606532,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Procrastinator Eric,"Dont take things, stave, get sick and die.Steal things get depressed/broken and wont even eat, then die96/69 360 no sc0p3s l33t h4cks"
76561198089314759,Recommended,282070,14814131,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Irish__Chick,"Loved this! Fantastic resource management game - a lot like a post apocalyptic Sims game! On my first and completed playthrough I didnt have to make any very difficult decisions thankfully - although you sure can depending on your playstyle. It caters to a lot of playstyles - if you are big into stealth its catered for, I'm assuming you can play pretty violently too - theres assault rifles and kevlar available. My war was 42 days long - about 12 hours and I would play it once more to complete all the cheevos and play the unlocked characters. So at the moment its 50p per hour of gameplay - if youre slow like me. Hopefully though they will continue to add to the game - theres scope here for different modes and challenges as well as stories, I really hope they take advantage of that!"
,Recommended,282070,18678062,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,2box,"TWOM gives you a great sense of the horrors of war, in a honest way, and not the glorified lies we are accostumed to. And it's really fun and hard to stop playing. 10/10. Great game"
76561198256754124,Recommended,282070,21116791,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mr NightNight,This game actually is very challenging and very entertaining all at the same time! I love it! if you guys have the chance to buy or check it out I suggest you guys do! well worth the fun and feels!10/10 A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,282070,32863381,Posted: 27 June,all,Jon Snow,Make me remember my miserable past.
76561198083495619,Recommended,282070,16361347,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,unaderon,"All the men died either during the scavenger hunts, or later, so heavy were their wounds. Katia fell into the clutches of heavy depression. She wouldn't eat, even though the food's been coocked the day before, she wouldn't see Franko, who brought the provisions. She just sat there, all day long, crying.She started to get a bit better the next day, at least enough to answer the door. That's when Zlata appeared. Katia let her in, and the positive energy of the new friend helped her snap out of it. More people showed up, things started looking up.They had some guns to keep the intruders out at night. They stayed in for the most part, only sometimes going to the hospital. They'd ask the nurses for a bandage, and then loot them behind their backs for drugs, to trade them in later for some food. It was low and dirty, the girls couldn't forgive themselves. But that's what hell is all about.Then the cold season came. They weren't able to make a heater in time, so some of the people fell sick. Some of them spent all their time, waiting to die. The water collector froze, which meant their food was near worthless. That's when I stopped, 4 hours in. I don't think they can make it, and I don't want to see them all die.Even though it could've been stronger in some aspects, overall this is one of those experiences everybody needs to go through. Player choice is very strong with this one."
76561198045093780,Recommended,282070,15437523,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,islandhitech,"First off I would like to commend 11Bit studios on creating such a unique slant to the war - game genre, though I don't think this title can be or should be placed into said category, its more of a strategy title.This ‘game’ has thoroughly enthralled me over the better course of two weeks and find myself completing or ‘surviving’ over half of the 12 ‘missions’With that, I think that there are a few things lacking:Longevity - each ‘story’ is very similar, you can essentially do everything, interact with everything, and see everything with in two ‘stories’ on my 6th ‘story’ it turned into more of a grind to reach survival, and mashing end turn or ‘stay inside button' for day 42 through 45.Speed of AI - very slow, too much time is spent waiting for water to be distilled, counseling of characters that get ‘depressed’ characters going up/down ladders, characters completing tasks, ‘loading’ of the nights ‘events’ at the beginning of the next day is also slow, as well as the loading of each scavenging map, the fast forward button was created way back in the day by JVC, yet none available here.Too much repetition - really the only excitement and break in the monotony of scavenging resources is directing a character to shoot or backstab an unwitting NPC. Would be nice to have some add ons, another set of new ‘stories’ with new maps perhaps?Too little interaction with in world - Im starving but cant kill any little protein bags (rats) running around under my feet? (Other than setting traps in my building) I also can't scavenge a working TV for its parts? Or bring it back for morale boost.Glitches - If you make food at the stove, and leave it there ‘overnight’ you can not utilize the following day, it will show that there is ‘cooked’ food, but if you try to feed it to another character or use, it gets ‘stuck’ in a loop, and you will need to complete the day to progress and to ‘break’ the loop, if you build another stove that one will glitch as well, and you will not be able to cook any food.Garage glitch - (actually useful, but I don't think intended) If you manage to steal items from the ‘son’ and make it without getting killed, you can return the following day and the ‘son’ is not guarding the first room, he’s backed up into the fathers room. You are free to scavenge and remove multiple useful items. Booty gets restocked daily as long as son/father stays alive.If son dies, and father remains alive the third scavenging location inside of the basement ‘kitchen’ restocks daily.Church glitch - essentially same as above, remove items from scavenge area that Patrick is guarding, make it out alive, return the next day and Patrick is backed up into the second roomPatrick can also die, as long as the Father upstairs stays alive, the first scavenge point that Patrick was guarding restocks.Again, a very engaging experience, and great ‘darksy artsy’ feel overall, just needs to be expanded, perhaps different struggles as a civilian WW2, WW3? And why just survive getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you daily? How about the ability if you play your ‘cards’ right to thrive and build a community. A community with capabilities to expand into other areas of the neighborhood rebuilding the infrastructure as you go and having the ability to play beyond the 45th day, if you so desire"
76561198037265211,Recommended,282070,26974206,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Quhan,"This game is quite hard on multiple fronts. First you have to deal with your normal survial game aspects with finding food, water, meds. However then you include the fact that when you scavange for items you are stealing them from others... it makes it so you have to deal with the hard choices of who lives and who dies."
,Recommended,282070,14095018,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Minnie,"The one game you'd play, though it is not really fun, pleasing or happy story.It is one of few anti-war theme game and One should play for that."
,Recommended,282070,18683928,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Stork,Great game! Great atmosphere and concept story!
,Recommended,282070,13030174,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ganja_Mufasa,"So you usually play the soldier, buisy killing what ever moves around, and your to buisy killing to realize what are the real consequances of war. In this game the tables are turned and you are a cevilian, trying to survive the war inflicted upon you by ruthless soldiers, who will kill you in a blink of an eye. But not only that, you will also have to take on basic challanges of survivel, like getting food and water, keeping yourself from falling into deep depression, deffending your home from invaders who want to rob you and take advantage of your posessions. The game also deals with the harsh reality of war by confronting you with hard and even brutal desicions you have to make in order to survive, like for example robing old peoples houses to get food, refusing to shelter people to save on food or maybe shelter them to gain strength against potential robers and attackers. You also have a trading & crafting system ingame, both of are which are complex and well done. You should listen to the radio not only to keep your sanity, but also to update on what kind of currency is up right now, for example maybe cigaretes are scarce right now and worth more, maybe its coffee. I can go on on about possibilities in this game since there are all over the place, this game is all about choices. every game you'll start will play trough differently, making the game highly replayable. The chracter are well thought off, everyone has its own personality, with strengths a background, and stuff they like, ehich can help you maintain their sanity by providing them with those stuff. There is a lot of stealth involved as you need to snick trough peoples houses to loot, or avoid trigger happy soldiers and snipers. You also have a combat system, in which you can use weapons you crafted to raid places and kill opponents.I love the graphics, which really portrait the feeling of your chracters, showing their exhaustion, sadness, hunger. If your chracter is a smoker or a reader youll find animations of them taking use of your inventory to keep them sain, smoking drinking coffee maybe reading a book. The other cevilians and characters are also excellent. The art direction and animations are beautiful.You will find yourself caring for your chracters, and reading about the moral issues they are facing, which is really the point of the game, showing you what war is really about, its about making choices inflicted upon you by a harsh reality.Voice acting would of brought this game to another level.Also since this is an indie platformer i dont compare it to high budget games since it would'nt be fair.As an indie platformer game i give it a 8 out of 10. would be 9 with voice acting"
76561198044560498,Recommended,282070,13064285,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Zxcvbuan,"You should totally get this game. Cool style, Fighting a war as a civilian. I played this game non-stop so much fun."
76561198114559980,Recommended,282070,26888907,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Midnight Iridescent,"You are not a hero, you are not a villian, you are just a person. In this game you play as just that, a person. When war wages around you, you do as anyone else around you will try and do, survive. If you choose to survive no matter what means, or try and be a morale person is all up to you. Afterall, in this war you report to no one but your needs, and your friends. Survive bandits, soilders, winter, hunger, sickness, and just others looking to survive by whatever means. One of my favorite games, with some replayabilty with new scenarios, locations, characters, and the DLC just adds more. If you want a unique survival game where you survive, rather then always fight your way out. This may be it, definelty recommended."
76561198058908130,Recommended,282070,14151484,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Vaelstorm,"Very immersive, more so than many AAA games I've played.If you let yourself, you'll feel for them and you won't forget them. You might even find yourself reluctant to return... not because the game is bad, but because you don't want the characters to suffer or struggle any more.The controls are so simple, but the game, if you let it, will reach out and yank you into it's dark, bleak world and you'll be thankful that this isn't your real life."
76561198066161370,Recommended,282070,27569106,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fifthstone,"One of about three games that has made me openly weep. This game has taken me through the stages of grief more times then I care to reccount, so needless to say this amazing piece of art has my strongest reccomendations."
,Recommended,282070,15885279,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Yokku,"Absolutely amazing game!I killed a lot of people in another game with no regrets.but this game makes me regret killing other survivors, watching guy's mother crying over her son's body then take all their supplies.SOOOOO realistic10/10"
76561197991500367,Recommended,282070,13159497,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,GreyWuskerfluffFriendOfAllDogish,"This game has a similar feel to other survival simulations you gather and you build, but the major diffrence is the emotional weight of your choices. Often times you will find yourself in dire need of a certain resource be it food or medicine, and It is at this point that the game truely shines. You may be able to get what you need to survive and thrive but can you and your survivor live with the cost of your choices?My only complaint is the classical music on the radio reminds me way too much of the sims all the other music is extremely atmospheric and often quite intense."
,Recommended,282070,33144470,Posted: 2 July,all,BaconSpiracy,Good game
,Recommended,282070,32630603,Posted: 21 June,all,Hunter,The game isn't bad but i bought it because of the charity DLC and i had a debt after playing the pirate version years ago
,Recommended,282070,13068577,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,jekkis,"Beautiful graphical style combines with a relatively simple, but working gameplay mechanics to portray war in a more emotionally powerful manner than any other game I've ever played.Surely we've witnessed emotional moments in war games before, like brothers in arms dying in a cutscene, but after a few seconds we're back in the business of killing. In This War of Mine, the emotional depth is not limited into a single cutscene. The impact of your decisions haunts your characters day and night, and should haunt you, too.In terms of gameplay, This War of Mine is divided into two separate sections. During the day the game feels very much like playing The Sims, only in a wartime environment: you're tasked with taking care of your survivors and maintaining your shelter. Occasionally there'll be random events and you're left to decide whether to participate or not. When the night comes, you'll get a chance to scavenge one of the locations in the city. There are dangers, trade opportunities and occasionally some location specific events. Both day and night, you're left pondering moral dilemmas: to help or not to help, to kill or not to kill, what should I prioritize, should I really think there are good and evil people and act based on that, or does your current situation justify all means of survival.The soundtrack adds beautifully to the haunting atmosphere to deliver you a game we all should play at least once.5/5"
76561198031633263,Recommended,282070,25311967,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,pkowol,"I could write a poetry tome here, but there is a simpler way: this is by far the best survival ever made. No other game, and I play for 25 years not, made such an impression on me. Athmosphere, moral choices and their consequences leave a footprint.My family says: if you have to play it could you at least tune the in-game radio to classical? The other one is too depressing...Don't think - buy and enjoy!"
,Recommended,282070,20208865,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Andarist,"A very entertaining game overall.Had fun while I was doing ok and broke my heart when I made mistakes. Your choises affect the morale and attitude of your characters which I think was one of the most impactful things in the game.The background stories, beautiful art and haunting music make it that this game is a 10/10 experience.. from my point of view anyway."
,Recommended,282070,32759521,Posted: 25 June,all,Odd Not Even,"This game gets you to care about the characters in it and you will not regret buying it. I even had to rob an old couple because my people were starving and I felt so bad about it, but I guess we got what we deserved in the end."
76561198068628962,Recommended,282070,19011848,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Commissar,"This is a nice game. It is hard, well thought and fun.The fact that they want the release modding tools for it is even better.Good job, devs."
76561198089177690,Recommended,282070,19016638,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Boots-Kennedy,much fun with this game
76561198073538337,Recommended,282070,18994954,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,canadianasianjap,"I saw this game over a year ago, and was entranced by its take on war as an ugly, brutal conflict with no winners. Sadly, my computer was unable to run it at the time. Now that I have a functioning gaming PC, I can say the This War of Mine is one of the greats. It isn't easy. It doesn't make you happy. But trying to get a group of normal people through a calamity as terrifying as war is a challenge that everyone should undertake. It is a hard game to play. It makes you feel things you probably don't want to feel. And for that reason, you should play this game."
,Recommended,282070,13114650,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Demondev,"This little war of mine, I'm gonna let it shine!......Wait,how am I supposed to make this war shine? It's dark. It's grim. It is filled with dispair.........Oh yeah, that's how it shines! While many games go for the 'good wins, always' or the 'we can find a way to accomplish anything', or something similar, this one goes more along the lines of 'War sucks. We barely survive, if at all, because of it.' Some speak of a glimmer in darkness or something like that, but this games' story is the dark corner in the lit room; the place where people don't usually go... and that's what makes it so good."
76561198138959721,Recommended,282070,19002704,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Confused234milo,Its one of those games that you cant decide you like or not but great game so far but its really ♥♥♥♥ing hard lol
,Recommended,282070,24931685,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,IceCreamKillYou,"I just killed grandpa bernard in quiet house. I killed him but i spare his wife because she's begging me, then i got up stairs and read a letter from him to his grandson, alen currently living with his auntie. He said soon war will over. He said alen will  return to live with his grandpa and grandma. He said Grandma secretly keeping flour to bake a cake when the war is over.I instantly alt+f4 and cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥.........Lol jk i killed both of them and loot every medicine, food and some weapons. Just don't waste your time in quiet house except there's no supply left anywhere else. Those couple don't own sh*t."
,Recommended,282070,24921901,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jetti,"*black church music*""Oh this little War of Mine *war of mine* I'm gonna let it shine! *let it shine* This little war of mine! I'm gonna let it shine *let it shine*"""
,Recommended,282070,27362486,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wyllas,One of the saddest game I have ever played.M.F Approved.Dystopie/10
76561198056619012,Not Recommended,282070,17591699,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,AntiAntifa,"Don´t bother with the thingy showing i only played the game for around 10 hours, it should be around 100 or 120 hours.Even if i consider this game one of the best games ever made.The Price of 818,99 € is just overpriced."
76561198142438563,Recommended,282070,19955536,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tim Bishop,"This is a good survival game that tests your limits. You'll find yourself caring about your characters, but also prioritizing them. After a while it is easy to survive, and only took 2 play throughs to complete.  I do recomend picking this game up on a sale, its not worth full price."
,Recommended,282070,12988510,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,xXRESattXx,Oh wow really rich in content and hardcore in design!every choice i made in game matters and i had alot of fun trying to survive the war XD
,Recommended,282070,28345396,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,KerriGan,"Get in every characters and hear about what 11 bit would like to tell.How wars test even change our humanity. How it change us into no human being or one person we never would like to be at least. Humanity is so flexible, meaning nothing against survival.What is your choice when survival are challenging. Follow your heart and dont be regret. No chance.This is war. This is true cruelty.Truly moved, the masterpiece is beyond the gameplay. It's just like literature, anatomying the evil of wars deeply and caying for the peace now and ever."
,Recommended,282070,28328490,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,gatto_nero,This Game even support Steam and X360 Controllers !!! Amazing xD
,Recommended,282070,15183288,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Lurk,"After sinking some good long hours into this game, I feel a compulsion to write a review for it.  I don't write reviews that often (or at all), but this game is well past worthy of one.  Within the first hour of playing, I was utterly enthralled by the experience.  To be honest, I was expecting it to be a bit of a drag, another duplicate survival game, etc.  I did not get what I expected, I got much, much more.  The very feel of the game is gritty, tragic, and difficult.  Not just difficult in the traditional sense, but emotionally difficult.  Emotional rollercoaster doesn't do this game justice, not in my book.  I'd put it more as, ""emotional rocket ship"".  Have a pros/cons list.ProsThis game is pretty much all pros for me, except for a couple of things.Unique experience, no war games I know of play from a citizen's perspective.  You really get the feeling of, ""War is hell.  I'm really just collateral damage if I die here.  Neither of the warring factions will care if the citizens die."" throughout the entire game.Game runs well (not exactly surprising, system requirements are low)It's really, REALLY heartbreaking when one of your survivors dies.  You don't get that with a lot of modern games.The combat is a tad wonky at times, but not often.  Overall great, funtional system.The Walking Dead isn't the only game that puts you through hard choices now!  You will have to think about everything, plan for the future, always be on your guard, and make horrible decisions that make you question your humanity and moral compass.Very well polished, I encountered no bugs, glitches, crashes, etc. in my 19 hours of play time.Atmosphere is incredibleControls are clean and make senseLots of unique and realistic features, IE you can have characters talk to depressed characters to help them get through their depressing experience, stealing, murdering, etc. results in a morale hit, etc.Astounding replay value.  Each playthough will be different, due to events being randomized each time you start a new gameGreat art styleExtremely realisticConsYou can't send multiple people out to scavenge/raid.All survivors apparently have knowledge of how to fix assault rifles, bulletproof vests, ability to grow crops, etc.This didn't really fit into cons, as it isn't one.  It's just something that confused me a little bit.You can...craft kitchen knives??All things considered, this is a masterpiece in my book.9.95/10 (0.05 reducted for not being able to send multiple scavengers)"
,Not Recommended,282070,13802799,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,BloodPact,"Everyone is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, except the cook."
76561198060669071,Recommended,282070,25488353,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,greeny79,Dang this is a good scavenging/crafting game!  The crafting is not so intense that it becomes more like a job than a game.  There seems to be the perfect amount of items to be crafted to support the casual gamer a challange but not be outrages for hardcore players.  The scavenging mechanics are spot on and the item carry limit provides a good balancing effect.  Really the only complaint I could think of is that it takes a character 20 minutes (about) to go from one end of the building to the other (even while double clicking).  Really an awesome game!!  Highly recommend!!  Well worth the money.  Provided me many hours of game play and will provide many more with it's fantastic replay ability.
76561198061035086,Recommended,282070,25483390,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Hillary Clinton,"Excellent game! Aside from the numerous crashes (from using some mods) and a couple of bugs, I really couldn't ask for more. Totally value for money, especially if you bought it on sale. Tons of replay value! Oh btw, vote for me if you dislike this game :D"
,Recommended,282070,25486314,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Parker,just get the game. simple
,Recommended,282070,20973683,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,a merry prankster,Great game!
,Recommended,282070,20965699,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Call me Beard,"Got killed like a dog,sad story"
76561198134105330,Recommended,282070,13518408,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Spaghetti,"This is one of a few games that really touch our feelings blends with our emotions and makes us sad when we choose to kill someone somehow besides the simple sketch pencil they managed to make the game feel alive the characters just really comes to live in this game this is a kind of game which i love i do have some regrets that will haunt me when i sleepat day 9 i was robbing an old mans house and he couldnt fight so i just continue to rob him and the next day i came to the same house and peek through the front door and his wife said ""can you cook me dinner?"" and the old man answers""sorry Darling someone taken all of our stuff yesterday""And i immedietly told pavle to run to exit and quit the game and i just wondered did i really did that why did i rob an old man houseand at day 13 i go to the supermarket and there was a soldier and a girl the soldier was talkin to this girl while im scavanging and the soldier suddenly starts beating this girl and saying ""your comin with me or ill shoot you"" and i dont know what to do so i was to late and didnt save the girl and i said to myself ""What Have I Done i let the soldier♥♥♥♥♥♥the girl""""what did i just do""So this game is really a great game i highly recommend you to buy this and feel the game for yourself"
76561198102235101,Recommended,282070,27994489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,♥Burnt moth♥,its greatest gameee
,Recommended,282070,27994210,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Woofer,"This game is to good. I asked my mom ""Should I rob old people or the homeless?"" That is something that you can't get from anyother game. The ways this game makes you freak out and cry are amazing. I've never played a game till 4 am and this was so worth it."
,Recommended,282070,19343349,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Yemeth,"Nothing short of amazing.The devs have nailed th atmosphere,theme and the ant colony esque game world.The wonderful soundtrack also adds to the immersion.Wish there were keyboard shortcuts for gameplay mechanics(hate it when devs fails to do that)"
76561198039387562,Recommended,282070,24359451,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Darkhorse,"Not much can be said for this game that has not already been said. It’s deep and moving, not a run and gun. The mechanics are steady and make you feel very immersed.Pros:+The Line of Sight method on this game is beautiful, and very well implemented.+Graphics are great.+Sounds are wonderful.+Scavenging is realistic and clean, feels satisfying.+Game hits ya hard in the feels.+Forces deep moral choices, steal from a hospital and kill people, or let one of your own die?Meh:‘Depression system, though good and deep, I felt it was a little tricky to actually make anyone stay happy.‘Crafting system, fine, but didn’t get to deep, few building materiels, but it fits the game well.‘Late game can get very hard to juggle roles with many injured hungry and tired. I found this fun, but some might find it tedious.Cons:-Some areas can be exploited and have no negative repercussions when they should. Aside from that the game’s pretty good.Sum it up, the games deep, and not for the light hearted gamer. It will touch you and, might be to hardcore for some. It’s pretty much amazing, in many ways, this game is more then just a game, it’s an experience, and if you have the heart for it, go and try it out."
,Recommended,282070,13292010,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,PantsFreeZone,"Beautiful artwork, interesting premise and setting and fun sim-like management.If you like games that test your skill, heart and conscious, buy this one.99/10"
,Recommended,282070,23793604,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fatty Winnie,Wish The World Peace
76561197977433578,Recommended,282070,13840419,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,zault,One of the best games I've played in a long time.
76561198031396215,Recommended,282070,18662929,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,Deep and depressing. It portrays what I can only assume is the hell of being a civilian in a warzone. Hits you right in the feels and is mechanically acceptable.
76561198077422854,Recommended,282070,13173158,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Frag n Roll,"after 30 hours of gameplay i finished the game ""perfect"" without any surviver dead, the game is amazing, this is the first video game that make me sad after killing NPC,i killd the guy who lives and protecting his parents (Small Apartment Building), 2 sec after that his mother ran to his dead body and started to yell and cry, at this moment ... huh ... this was the last time that i killd that guy ... cant do it anymore ...10/10"
,Recommended,282070,24417936,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,FML| 天空龙,"A very realistic survival simulation strategy game.The outcome of every scenario and the result is different depends on how you act to the situation.You can kill people to take their loots, since survival is everything during war time, but you can also show kindness to others by helping them, save them from being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ send them medicine and foods.A very armospheric , which will made you completely into the zone of this game.Very recommend."
,Recommended,282070,28040823,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cemil,There are few games that can change the world. This game is one of them.
,Recommended,282070,24016384,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,microfloppy,"NOTE: For review with screenshots, please visithttp://microfloppy.net/2016/07/02/this-war-of-mineThis weekend I’ve been playing This War of Mine, which is made by the Polish development company 11 bit studios. (And I here thought CDProject was the only big development studio in Poland!) With the gaming market overflowing with war games whose main objective is to shoot your way to victory, this one focuses on the victims of wars: The civilian who are stuck in the war zone with no way of getting out.This War of Mine is a strategy game with major RPG elements. The gameplay is divided into two major parts. During daytime, you stay with your group of 3-4 survivors. They have taken refuge in a house and you need to make sure they have the beds, heating, food, reinforcements, and other comforts they need. If they aren’t taken care of they will fall sick or depressed. You also need to make sure to pay attention to the radio so that you are updated on what is happening in the war, or if there is any other special precautions you need to take in order to survive…The most important part in this game is managing your resources. They are very limited and you will need to make some difficult decisions on where to spend them. I never had enough resources during my playthrough so there was a constant feeling of “just getting by” which really added to that desperate survival mood. There is quite an interesting crafting system connected to all of this and you will notice quickly that this is where the core of the gameplay is found.During nighttime, when darkness falls, you can send one survivor on an expedition to collect more resources. I loved how this part was made, as I had some very preconceived notions on how the game would work. I am seldom surprised by games and can usually predict what to expect but this was a refreshing exception. Without going into details; I thought my survivors would behave like CoD-players, meeting other CoD-players, fighting senselessly. But this was something different.In short, your gameplay depends on your own morale and level of desperation. This means that you can always find the kind of experience you are looking for. The important thing however is that you return before daylight, when the shooting starts again. This means you need to make quick decisions and be methodic during your expeditions.The people you meet during your trips are interesting, deadly, clever, caring. The AI is well made so if you decide to go out stealing you will find that you need brains to succeed – people are not stupid.In the end, I loved this game. It ticked all my boxes: Strategy resource management, house building sim, RPG, (moderately) scary exploration, scavenging for goods and living on what can be found, appealing design choices… There is a high chance I’ll play it again and it’s made so that you will want to: With each playthrough you can play with new survivors and go to different areas.There is also a newly-released expansion which I haven’t tried. (Titled ""This War of Mine: The Little Ones"". Watch the trailer, it’s gripping!)So in short: Everyone should play this game. It will make an impact.7/10 water filters"
76561198001323059,Recommended,282070,20689125,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,jackdaniels,"Great little game, can be very challenging."
,Recommended,282070,20671361,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nacho,"This game is amazing. It took me a few play throughs to really be hit by it but this last one shook me. Let me explain my story without spoiling anything.The first several days were going well. The three of us, Arica, Roman, and Bruno,  were scavenging supplies, defending, and resting while upgrading the base. We were lucky enough to have friendly neighbors that would bring over supplies.  When tragedy struck them, we were more than happy to help.After sometime, a lonely man, Marko, came to our home begging to join us. Since our home was well established, we welcomed him in. Right about the time our newest member was starting to fit it, tragedy struck and Marko was ripped from our lives. At the same time, supplies were getting harder to come by and we resulted to actions we never thought possible. While it shook us, we were still surviving.Everything was going fairly well until winter came.  The first couple of days were fine, but how were we to know the toll winter would have on us? We even relucantly welcomed, Cveta, to our band of survivors. Out of desperation, supplies were being gathered at whatever cost. This is how we lost Roman.  We didn't even have time to mourn Roman when Arica failed to come back.What was once a solid group of survivors was boiled down to two, Bruno and Cveta. Unfortunately, do to the weather, recent tragedies, and lack of supplies, Cveta became gravely ill. Our neighbors were also struck by tragedy but we were unable to offer them assistance this time. Desperately, we hung to the radio listening for when the winter would end and possibly even the war. Nothing useful was ever heard.For days, the cycle continued. No news on the war or winter, Cveta crept closer to death, while Bruno tried desperately to find supplies that were only to be stolen the next night. We even traded away all of our valuables to limp on another day. What's the point of having a gun with no bullets? How long could we go on like this? How have we even survived the last few days in this death cycle?Finally, finally, a reprieve; winter has ended. Bruno had found some medicine and was slowly nursing Cveta back from near death. We were going to make it! All that was needed was for this war to end. It has been so long, how can it possibly continue? Haven't enough died? What was gained? Still, the radio mocked us by providing no useful information.This hit Bruno hardest of all, he became paralyzed by depression. To the point that Cveta, while still seriously ill, went out for supplies just to keep us going. What other choice did she have? We were still sick, wounded and slowly starving to death.Cveta came home late, her injuries made the scavenging very challenging and lengthy. Overall, the haul was ok, but we still needed so much.  Out of all the times I thought we wouldn't make it, this day was the start of a new hope that was squashed before it began. Bruno was gone. The brutality of this hell was too much for Bruno and he gave into the thoughts we tried desperately to suppress. Cveta was devastated. Not only had she risked everything so we could survive, but her sickness had worsened. Reluctantly, Cveta stayed home for the night and never woke up in the morning."
,Recommended,282070,20687246,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,please clean my beakers,"War, war never changes."
76561198046390226,Recommended,282070,20678284,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Kalixx,"Brillant game, I had wanted it for quite awhile before getting it. And I only have praise to give it. I get sad when any of my people die and when it started to get cold even though I was heating up their house a lot I feard they would die. I love this game."
76561198049264113,Recommended,282070,20669738,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,LycanGrrl,"This is a hard game, both in terms of gameplay and in how it affects you. You become attached to these people and are desperate to make the right choices but you will make mistakes. People will suffer and they will die. Others will survive but may not have happy lives afterward. And some will manage to find peace in the end and go on. This is a game everyone should play and experience."
,Recommended,282070,20670593,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mim3kh,I love it!
,Recommended,282070,14043225,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,jesse_smit,Kind of like FTL where you manage a civilian house in a war torn city rather than a space ship? Less replayable due to being easier and taking longer to complete a play through but definitely a worthwhile game.
,Recommended,282070,28595456,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rzodkiewka Żaneta,"This amaizing game is very suprising:One day, you'll find yourself trying to rob a house of the elderly. You take food but not the medicine, because taking medicine is very touching. Then, you'll find out that robbing people can even lead to depression.Other day, you'll find yourself in a supermarket and spot a drunk soilder trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥a woman. You kill the soilder, and the next day your depression is nearly gone.This is just one of the amaizing scenarios possible."
,Recommended,282070,31248721,Posted: 19 April,all,♛Goodluck H♛,"The game is tantalising. One can definately learn something within about life. Strongly suggest it.For developers: could you guys make coop mode available for this game? If so, the gaming experience will be splendid."
76561198120594782,Recommended,282070,30491454,Posted: 13 March,all,Glajimator,"A unique approach to survival well made to the most part.Some issues keep it from being phenomenal unfortunately.The game needs more content to justify its full price tag which is high in my opinion.However on sale pick it up without a second thought as i did you won't regret it even if you are not a survival addict like me.Now to the point:Pros-Brilliant idea and many unique mechanisms that work very well together-Captures the war feeling-Smart inventory system that saves the player from tedious micro management-Looting never felt so great and rewarding-Excellent graphics and character animations give the real feel of their presence and the dark war atmoshpere-Stealth is a very fun approach and going unoticed without killing is really fun-Character sympathy system gives a realistic approach to players decisionsCons-Short,even the <write my own story> game choice which can be adjusted up to 80 days is short for a survival game and contradicts the potential this game has to offer.Biggest flaw in my opinion.-Nice stories but not that many to interact with,could have more-Same and few locations which become dull after a while.Needed more locations and the random level generation of each one would skyrocket the game's value.-Could have more characters-Autosaving system is a mess.No ability to save the game manually and when you leave the game you will probaly lose your day's progress-Unbalanced in many aspects,because of the short content it demotivates the player to use advanced crafting choices-Very limited communication system-Some places like the church and military outpost keep restocking the supplies which seems like a bug so it is prety much over once you get control of these places.No more challenge.-(Questionable)It's either the game too easy or i am a survival proConclusionA great game which could have been a survival fans dream with some adjustments.I will give an idea of how i would like it to be.First at least 100 days in game time.I would like 6 to 12 months to be honest.Communication system should give more choices and the ability to talk to characters that you encounter while scavenging(beside traders).Characters should get influenced and behave differently due to the isolation or the possible events that transpire.More characters which could have more special perks which would give much more depth to the gameplay.I would like to see animals,dogs especially that would scout and sniff guarded places and give more challenge.At the point where a boat becomes available i would like it to transport you to a new map with brand new locations let you take all your important stuff with you.This would add double gameplay time on itself.Combat and stealth are very basic but could be better especially the gunplay.Ability to save manually the game and thats prety much all.I am writing all this because i really enjoyed the game and i was frustrated when it ended so fast on my first playthrough.This game has great potential and it will be  a shame if we don't see a sequel or a new dlc.7.5/10 Good game"
,Recommended,282070,18687333,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kevbwell,fun game takes a few trys  before you get the hang of it but its intresting becaus as the war goes on and scavange more and more there are less and less resources so you go from tradeing to stealing to murdering so u can survive even if it means others wont
76561198038987777,Recommended,282070,13298907,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Tom-the-Fox,"This game is a game of choices, there are the ones that are scripted in, and there are the ones you make yourself as you play. Choices that will directly affect your characters survival. If you like feeling horrible or wonderful for the choices you make, and you like games that are easy to get invested in, buy it.Also, don't bring knives to a gun fight. Seriously. Bad idea."
,Recommended,282070,13225681,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Oziman,"We look at 'This War of Mine' and exceptional indie title from 11-bit studios. We examine this unique take on war, which challenges decades old established 'War is good' mantras that video games usually have.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORv2DhoIlC0"
,Recommended,282070,22221115,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Gopnik,so good!
,Recommended,282070,21288917,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DareO,Very good and interesting game. I would like to see some DLC!8/10
,Recommended,282070,29354511,Posted: 19 January,all,✪Medicfast90✪,First successful playthrough> Talked to the guy that offers to transport my group out of the city.> Said he would visit the house so that I could pay for the ride.> I was happy.> Guy came to the house and said if I had the payment.> I told him to come back later.> Played for 3 days.>He came back for the payment.>I didn't have the goods.>He told me to have fun dying.> I angrily went back to his dock to murder him but he already left.> I have 15 days worth of supplies.> War ends 2 days later.
,Recommended,282070,27698257,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stingrea51,This game is all consuming. It was recommended by a friend and now I have no free time.You'll get invested in the characters and truly sad if one or more do not make it to the end of the war.
76561197966607108,Recommended,282070,27180413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OBSEZZED Feinting,"This game tells an unlikely story in war that many of us rarely think about  - civilians. As in any conflict however long or short, civilians happens to fall in a group whose interests are  most deglected. Countries, armies all have support systems, while civilians don't.  This game manages to show it in great detail, focusing on basic needs, challenges and feats of ingenuity that people have to go through on daily basis just to survive. Gather, build, create, trade, rob, steal, kill and pillage...  Great music, immersive atmosphere, many locations to explore. Decide for your self who would you want to be - a band of brothers or a lone wolf. A defender or a bandit. A destroyer or a creator. A part of order or chaos. Greately recommended."
,Recommended,282070,21010698,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,tojosan,"Blown away.My first day playing and I had to write a review.This is serious game with a serious theme. There are moral choices to make. They impact your characters and your options.This is a resource and people management game. It takes your constant attention to each of your survivors.You don't get replacements.Limited resources, tired people, and starvation make for a cruel mix.The atmosphere fear of the game drew me in. Music, color schemes, and the unique 2d play comes together well.Making this more interesting and challenging are characters that you care about and you care more because none of them is a supersoldier, super scientist, or magic user of some sort.These are ordinary people taken out of their lives and thrown into a town under seige.From the minute the game starts your group needs to search their surroundings, gather resources, and start crafting.Oh, and this isn't crafting a BFG or super potion or robots; this is basics such as beds, water distiller, and even water filters.Watching them struggle, suffer, and even die drew me in even more.You will become attached to them.---My first game, three of the four survivors didn't make it. The last was so depressed, wounded, tired, hungry, and broken he refused to get out of his chair one more time.Enjoyed this first run!---Second game in progress.Made it farther.No one is wounded.No one is starved.Rememberd to make beds immediately and then water filter and stove.You must make those ASAP.After that, fuel and food.---More to come.Buy this game now. It's on sale and well worth the money."
,Recommended,282070,35412664,Posted: 2 October,all,Slothzillaz,"Any game that allows me to have Mia Khalifa, Brandi Love and Riley Reid as controllable characters is an instant 10 in my books /s.On a more serious note, the core gameplay you'll either love or hate. It's somewhat repetitive (wake up, put logs in fire, check crafting station, cook food, tell each survivor to eat food, tell scavenger to sleep, etc) but the various random interactions and people you meet at night make the game very interesting. This game feels very accurate to what it would be, and the developers captured this by talking to a survivor from a very similar event (can't remember the name and google-fu isn't yielding anything) they experienced when they were a child. Overall, the game is a masterpiece and the 95% overall positive reviews should reflect that.Buy this game. You'll know within 2 hours of gametime whether you'll like it or not, and if you don't then refund it within the 2 hours and buy something more your speed."
,Recommended,282070,30662412,Posted: 21 March,all,Really Humble Guy,Really cool game. Something I recommend that'll keep you busy for at least a week or two.
76561198175706998,Recommended,282070,32678499,Posted: 23 June,all,WhiteLightning,"a great time killer, originally had on my Tablet but had it gifted to me on steam. really puts a sense of morality in war."
76561198144000938,Recommended,282070,32672600,Posted: 23 June,all,Lucaception,"Sad, Beautiful, fascinating, frustrating, horrible plus a ton of emotions that could describe this game,Overwhelming sums it up, i'd give it a double thumbs up, but still holding a tissueAnd i just started the game ffs!"
,Recommended,282070,35492771,Posted: 5 October,all,TaurusBrown,"This is one of the best indie game that you can find today. Unique atmosphere, very interesting gameplay and exciting story! This game definitely costs its price."
,Recommended,282070,33502136,Posted: 13 July,all,PaiN,"Simple and a depressing game as well, in a good sense though. What you gotta do is to survive till the war ends. Hard choices have to be made in the game inorder for one to survive for the longest possible time. I consider this a must try game to all survival based game fans out there. You craft items, steal or barter, can kill people when required in order to survive and can help others too in order to improve your current state.For that price, I definitely recommend this game."
76561198021394521,Recommended,282070,13679867,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Insertclevername,"Let me just say one thing before we begin:Before playing this game, I used to think all bandits were horrible people, probably even before -insert thing that causes dystopian environment-.Then I murdered a man because one of my people was wounded and we were starving.To be fair, he was going to shoot me (Well, the second guy was... the first just found me in his building.)This game changed my perception of banditry, making me realize ""Hey, maybe these bandits AREN'T bad people, maybe they hate what they're doing, but they have to.""I don't have many hours on this game, but I've already lost my scavenger and have another person wounded, so I'm not a total noob. I can't review this game fully, as, like I said, I don't have a lot of experience with this game, but think of this as a ""first impressions.""This game does what very few games make me do. I didn't feel very sad at the end of TWD (I know, I'm a terrible person,) or during The Last Of Us, but this game has made me feel. I feel terrible for killing those three people, especially when I saw the fourth, kneeling next to a body, saying ""No, no, no"" and saying ""Don't hurt me!"" when I came near. I felt like a monster. They are only a few pixels on a screen, but I feel terrible for what I did. This game has managed to make me feel sad, when games that have gotten multiple awards, such as TLOUS and TWD, have failed. I think the reason is, I had control over this. I was the one who chose what happened, that those three should die, and the fourth should be left grieving over the bodies of her friends and/or relatives. This game made me, is still making me, feel like a terrible person.And this all happened in the 3.2 hours that I've played this game so far.One thing I will say, is DO NOT buy this game if you have problems with depression.Edit: I may have made it sound like this game is nothing but tears, but it's not. Remember what I wrote about my dead scavenger? Well, I went back to the warehouse those -word removed for the children- were hiding at and took them all down. Every single one. and I was glad doing it. Even got a nice automatic weapon from it. It's not all sad, sometimes you are happy that you got revenge on the people who killed one of your best people."
,Recommended,282070,13385111,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Mentazm,"This might be my GOTY 2014. One of the few games to make me feel actual real human emotions. Great asthetic, thought provoking game play and gut-wrenching choices. I desperately want a sequel."
76561198202289536,Recommended,282070,17935724,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Konner rt6,"My input on This War of Mine:By far one of the best games on Steam that really does need more attention. And take that from a guy that rarely ever spends money on Steam.Pros:-You could play this 5 hours straight and not get bored.-There are unlockables the further you get so the game doesn't get boring after 2 weeks.-6 different starts/storys.-You can house more and more people the further you get into the game.-Contains a HUGE Map for raiding/scavaging places so you don't get stuck.-There are about 7-10 different effects someone can have (Tired, Sick, Sad)-Each player you get/pickup/house has special abilitys, Example: Only needing 1/2 cooking supplies | +2 Inventory space.-You have an option of being able to scavange at night an not.-When scavanging/raiding you can meet people who want to trade or people who want to kill you.-Crafting tables contain levels (1,2,3) So the game doesn't throw everything at you at once.-Depending on how you play the game, your survivors may last 6 nights or 80 nights.-The graphics for a game like this are suprisingly amazing.-If you don't like the way all your survivors die you can go back and change it.-You get to place things in your house where ever you want so feel free to customize certant rooms.-Certant scavaging/raiding places have unique/special items. (Example: A hospital would have losts of medicine)Cons:-Stranges come to your house close to night time so if you don't want to miss them you can't skip the day.-You get raided about every 3 nights. 1/2 raids are sucsessful so you lose most of the stuff you scavanged one night,-Theres no kind of ""Armor"" So you have to rely 100% on your weapon if you engage in a fight.Rating:96/100"
,Recommended,282070,13829946,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,『 Kuma 』,"Three words: The Sims war-style.CategoriesScoreGraphics10/10Story9/10Audio4/10Interactions9/10Playtime7/10Scenarios10/10No, seriously.You have your house and your characters in the beginningYour neighbourhood consists of different locations where you can visit/scavengeYour characters annoy you by demanding food, sleep, consumables and blablaThey get soooo depressed and sad when they get into a fightYou haveneighbourslittle buggers knocking on your doorSummary:This War of Mineisn't only about the war in the game but it also has a double meaning, referring to the internal struggle of the player to make decisions. It is a really nice game. I've spent roughly 30 hours to reach the end and it was my second try. None of my survivors died and the only times I really struggled was winter and the military outpost.I loved the different scenarios like saving the girl in the supermarket or the two women trapped in the basement. There were a couple of others which were really nice and that's really something I have to highlight.It's always difficult to start out but once you get hold of the right tools and weapons, it's really easy. At some point a bit too easy. After killing some bandits and soldiers I was actually looking forward to killing more bad guys and thankfully I didn't end up harming innocent people out of boredom. Kinda scary there.Unfortunately some locations are locked for some characters so you have to replay the story with other characters to unlock different locations with different scenarios which is kinda a plus regarding the playtime but overall, I wouldn't complete the stories more than twice.Was it worth the money?Hm, difficult to say. The graphics, scenarios and interactions are really awesome but I expected the game to be longer. Perhaps if they'll add more characters, locations, scenarios and interactions in the future then YES but considering you can have a bunch of better games for less money then NO. I bought this game when it was discounted and roughly $14. I wouldn't recommend buying it for more than $10 unless you want to support the game and its developers."
76561198081409335,Recommended,282070,12970943,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sin Chan,Completed the game.So.... this is war.... for a civilian.......Peace everyone... peace.....F*ck the war......
76561198232419572,Recommended,282070,17314207,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Zagitarius,Good
76561197969027010,Recommended,282070,12976309,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,l0g1c,"Day 21, We are running low on supplies, it's cold outside and we can barely feed ourselves;A knock on the door. A lady lawyer refugee needs a place to stay, sure come on inside, I have your las.. uhm, meal right here.Same night i send her packing with a spare pistol and a few bullets to scavenge a dangerous place.She managed to kill half of the bandits before sacrificing her life for the greater good of my friends.Next day my friend goes back to retrieve what I lost and kill the rest of the bandits to return, unharmed, and a full backpack.10/10 will take any refugee."
,Recommended,282070,13010225,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,-BMF-,"I usualy have a hard time getting into games that have side scroller graphics but this one is so well done that it didnt bother  me. The interaction between you, other survivors and your environment is superb and really gives the feeling of trying to survive a war as a civilian. The maps and starting characters change on every playthrough so there is quite a bit of replayablity."
76561197970596281,Recommended,282070,12965538,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Lord Hagar,What a brilliantly original game -- Such a simple concept executed perfectly;You find yourself instantly engaging and empathising with the players as you struggle night by night trying to maintain their survivalWould definitely recommend to any fan of the survival/war genre
,Recommended,282070,23387782,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,cPt.,"PRO: starting off very interesting with a lot of possibilities and a neat dynamic story and character system, lovely graphic and game system (little bit like commandos)CON: ends off with me  camping 10 days straight to win at home because I had enough ressources, also crashed several times on macstill 8/10"
,Recommended,282070,23956078,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mic,Good Game in Cheap Prize
,Recommended,282070,28030819,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ansonh92,"There is nothing pretty about war.Innocent civilians died without reason.Imagine a day without food and water.Hear loud explosion everyday.Having sleepless nights.What if tomorrow never come?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------In This War of Mine, player is asked to lead a group of survivors and survive the war.What the game won't tell the player is how to play because, in a real war, there is no such thing as tutorial.Because there is no tutorial, at the time of this review, 81.2% of players still didn't survive the war with at least one survivor.Why so many players didn't survive? Because they never feel or told what is like to be in war as civilians.I managed to survive with all survivors in my first run because my grandparents were war survivors in WWII.They told me how they can never go outside during daytime because warplanes will fly and shoot them.How they always sleep in air-raid shelter.How they can only grow potato at night.How they cannot grow other vegetables because warplanes will know there is someone in the house and drop bomb on it.How everything is luxury goods.How the coldness from the floor became numb to them.When I come to their house, they always cook a lot of foods. Why? The fear of dying from starvation stays with them after the war.No one stays the same after war.""Are you still hungry?""""Are you full?""""Do you want fruits?""""Do you want snack?""""Do you want a pudding?""A pudding before sleep. Yes, I still remembered.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Of course, the game might be deeply emotional for me but is not perfect.The following is just my nip-picking. (Following is about what happen in the game)- The game didn't address water because survivors in game apparently don't need to drink water everyday.- A bit too simple crafting system like components work on everything.- Each locations only has two possible events.- Only one bullet type, which can be used on any guns.Important:- Can get repetitive once you know how to play.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------That being said, do buy this game and buy War Child Charity DLC.Otherwise, buy during sale."
76561198049483802,Recommended,282070,12982516,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Misha Needs Mana,fuuuuuck theeeee warrrrr
76561198032543899,Recommended,282070,12976292,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Aeash,"This War of Mine is at it's very worst a entirely enjoyable survival game with a somewhat clunky combat system. While I whole heartedly recommend the game to anyone who enjoys survival games and though Spec Ops: The Line didn't make them hate themselves enough the recommendation does comes with a few cavets, as mentioned the combat system is nearly no existent and what little there is seems to be based entirely on luck on whether or not you manage to stab the old woman with alzhimers before her husband shoots you. My other major complaints with the game is a lack of infomation about whether or not other people are willing to trade with you or will shoot on sight. Aside from these faults though I found it a enjoyable if depressing game8/10 Would beg a almighty god for forgivness in the next life again."
76561198078575145,Recommended,282070,22774799,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Akry [T.S.A],its a very great game and it really stimulate how its like to be going through war.Play it if your into this kind of games hang tight.:)
,Recommended,282070,23928545,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mako,Visited a hospitalSaw how much people were sufferingFelt badTry to offer help by donating medicine and bandagesI visit occasionally to check on them to see if conditions improveThey don'tI continue to donate but endless suffering continuesGo back one night and decide to end their sufferingMurder everyone in the buildingIt hurts but I do it for them11/10 would play as a pyscopath again.
76561198047029676,Recommended,282070,15147058,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dacar92,"This War of Mine is a lesson in human greed, war, survival, needs and futility.  All of those things combined get you to make decisions in this game that are painful to make.  I have played through 4 or 5 games now (29 hours in game at the time of this writing) and each has played out differently.  I survived only one game so far (you win by surviving the war) while losing several people over the course of the other games.I have only found/fixed/crafted a gun once in those games I have played.  So they are kind of rare, but luck plays a role here, too.  Food is expensive and meds are very expensive.  Expect to trade nearly half your belongings for a couple bandages or pills.  But that's probably how it would be in war.  Necessities would be expensive.It is depressing but addicting, Without spoilering it for you, play it.  You wil get depressed and frustrated but that's the reason to play again.  I would love to see Steam Workshop support for mods.  I would definately buy an expansion, too.Buy it.  You'll be sorry."
,Recommended,282070,13145316,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Knu,"Extremely well done rogue-like-ish game. Enjoy scavenging and making hard choiches for your survivors, in a semi-randomized game. Some elements don't change at all while others do, however this, paired with random events really enhances the depth of the game.You can clearly see how well the game is polished in every aspect (gameplay, graphics, audio, everything is done how it should be done) and has a pretty good replayability.Can't wait to see the next title from these developers, one of the best games of 2014 so far!"
,Recommended,282070,17169041,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,breakthehabit,"This is one of the games that makes you lose sense of time. I could (and did) play this game all day, non-stop, without getting bored - and I usually get bored very fast.The music is strangely enchanting (my favourite being the guitar you can make the characters play) and visually, there is nothing to complain about. Optimization seems to be good and character's stories helps immerse you in the game. Gameplay is largely dependent on the choices that you make, but it's nothing unusual compared to any other survival game.I can say that this game isn't for everyone, but if you want to play a survival game where every decision you make is significant, then this game for you. If you want a challenge, make your own story and choose all the options to make the game more difficult. Guaranteed to test your decision making skills to the max.Maybe it'll lose its charm after 50 hours, but so far I've completed the game once and am on my way to complete it again. I'd have to play several more times if I want to discover all the character's stories, but I'm not really a completionist sooo replayability for me would be 3 or 4 completions of the game. Would I buy this game again? Probably, but maybe not for the full price. Personal rating of 8.5/10"
,Recommended,282070,15207448,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,CrystalFuckingWeed,One of the best games i've ever played...
76561198122185702,Recommended,282070,15881041,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sodium Chloride,"This game should have been GOTY. I'm not kidding. This game made me feel, and it's one of the best games I've ever played. You play as a collection of civilians trapped in a city torn apart by war. This is the only game I've ever played that has you controlling civilians. Your goal is to lead these people to safety, by staying alive in a city full of bandits and cruelty. Everybody has a unique story to tell, but you can only hear it by keeping them alive. This is no easy task. This city is full of bandits and profiteers, who will not hesitate to kill and rob to save their own skins. But for every two villains, there is a hero. That person across the street might save your life by giving you food, out of the kindness of their hearts. The man who begged you to help save his friend might give you medicine or some valuable trading commodities. But are you willing to risk it? Will you risk your life by attacking a fully armed soldier carrying an assault rifle, just to save a stranger from a fate worse than death? Will you give food to the starving man, knowing full well that you will get nothing in return? Or will you take a different path? Are you desperate enough to rob an elderly couple just for a can of tuna? Will you steal from those kids on the verge of death, in order to get the medicine that you need? You will face these kinds of questions every day. You don't know when this war will end. You don't know if these people are good or bad. You just want to survive another day. But the question remains, how far will you go to survive?The Good:+Great art style+Thought provoking and emotional choices+Gameplay centered on scavenging and stealth+Pulse pounding combatThe Bad:-Can be very difficult for some people-While combat is intense, it's still basicFinal Score: 9/10I was VERY tempted to give a full 10/10, but the combat could use some improvement. I sincerely hope that there will be a sequel!"
,Recommended,282070,13854257,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,seviro,"Out of all kinds of survival simulators, this one stands out.As the game tells you, war games are all about the armies. The soldiers. The countries fighting for glory. But what about the citizens?In This War of Mine, you play as a generally helpess civilian alongside your other friends in an attempt to survive during a time of war, where the city you reside in is under siege.Your survivors can be easily wounded by constant attacks by thugs and bandits on your shelter, finding a good meal is sparse, and each day is a struggle to survive.Do you have the supplies to make a good meal, or will you eat raw food? Do you have enough items of value to trade in order to survive? Do your medical supplies allow for bringing your near-dying friend to health?Should you uphold your morals in this time of crisis, or will you murder, steal, and sack just to live? Your decisions lie with you, and the effects they have on your characters will show.Will you help some children's dying mother get to health, or are you too desperate to live and must preserve what you do have? Will you risk saving a girl from being rap3d by a soldier, or disregard the effort in fear of death? Will you threaten to murder an old couple, just to steal from their supplies?Survival is a gift in this game, and the strategy, thought, and your own morals will be brought to the test in this game. Not many other games can boast of giving you the challenge of surviving down to the letter.Would recommend to anyone looking for a challenging, intriguing game, rather than a hack-and-slash one."
76561197990617504,Recommended,282070,12958207,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ReaperSF,"So for seven years I have read reviews and bought games off of Steam without ever writing a review myself.  This game will be my first, and while I won’t break the game down into multiple game review areas, I’ll give you the basics.I was worried about a side scrolling style game, been a long time since I have played one, and that worry was quickly erased in the first 5 minutes.  I was scared of a story line that would lead to reading character screens more than playing the game, but I was impressed with the ease of the story and multiple outcomes for various situations.  The game is a great buy, more so when you look at the cost vs the amount of hours you’ll play it, but be warned it is brutally honest and does not forgive mistakes.  A wrong decision in the game and you may be forced to say goodbye to a character quickly and without mercy."
,Recommended,282070,28682427,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Neppu--!? | Bolt.gg,Words to describe this game:Depressing Simulator420/10 would get depressed again...
76561198317787649,Recommended,282070,28565361,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Isn't it great?,very interesting
76561198046235038,Recommended,282070,20263582,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Funkboi,Day 24(First run)-Sent Pavle to the Brothel to free the captives for morale boost-kills all but the trader-pull shotgun on trader-trader shoots first-pavle is dead-I panic and force shut down my PC-Palve is still dead-I cry for 5 mins-New girl shows up-I send her to get revenge for Pavle-Trader was waiting-kills the new girl-I cry and quit10/10 Seriously made me actually feel things
76561198066088250,Recommended,282070,29431459,Posted: 22 January,all,Stace,"Pretty much addicted to this game only got it a few days ago.I got 3 friends, one went out got attacked and killed a person then got depressed cause she killed someone. The other two died while scavenging. RIP my people! 10/10 Will die again!#dontletmelookafteryou#theykeptcoming#neversurvived#winteriscoming"
76561197970644009,Recommended,282070,27718100,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xephita,Would steal the old peoples food and meds again.
76561198109736371,Recommended,282070,28140571,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,TradeSkinsFast.com / DESTENY,grate game recomend this game to all players!
76561197981420357,Recommended,282070,13122495,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Kirkoven,One of the most thrilling and capturing games that I have ever played.It touches the player personally and emotionally like any other game through the stories of your characters and the people You encounter.The first War game from the civilians point of view.
,Recommended,282070,22454342,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Rooby,its really fun and addicting. it will suck you in! :D
,Recommended,282070,23371761,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Silent Shade,"This game was more intense and emotional then I expected.It really takes those who are experienced with first/third person shooters to seeing the real story of what happens within the ruins of war. Your goal is to survive as long as you can with your fellow survivors, but the things you have to do to maintain that can hurt you and even stay with you, forever.I recommend this game to those who don't know the true casualty of war in todays world."
,Recommended,282070,23984751,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zijun,"After playing this game, I start thinking it might be a good idea to have some backup food and water at home just in case."
76561198069534298,Recommended,282070,13107526,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Overlord,-Killed a rapest-Helped a guy get some food from an air drop-sold the guy out to rebels for more food-murdered a few bandits-robbed old people-robbed a hospital-Robbed other survivors-mudered other survivors-one of my guys got shot to death while i was stealing and mudering- rest of my guys where bleeding and couldnt move to get supplies-everyone died11/10 would die again
,Recommended,282070,13285734,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TRS_TheGentlemanSquirrel,It's the Sims with a hint of murder 10/10
76561198141437173,Recommended,282070,15138439,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Akeldama,"This game is by far the best game i have ever come across, its scary at the same time fun,when you are in a building and you can see hostlile people you choose to run and waste that night or confront them.Just like it says in the tralier it really feels like you are being in a war,and has a realistic,but very dark, side to it.I have only played a few hours of this so far but can i just tell you .... BUY it for fun, split second decisions with a matter of life and death, and most of all Adrenalin. So yeah buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,282070,25427763,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MadReizka,New way to play wargames.Definetly check this out if you like mechanics from Sims and Stealth games put together.Has some good mods in the workshop to keep it interesting.
76561198115890636,Recommended,282070,22543412,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ecclesiastic,A really interesting game interms of story and content. Some stories are straight-forward while others are tricky
76561198145276347,Recommended,282070,22606220,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,M.P,"If you want a game that is filled with suspense, questions your moral reasoning and makes you talk to yourself out loud, then this is a game to consider.The game revolves around the horrific side of war; the civilians who live in the collateral damage. Your goal is to survive in a shelter with limited resources that you acquire by going out at night by exploring nearby locations. The late night escapades may be fruitful, problematic or an unexpected moral dilemma. Throughout your attempt to survive, strangers reach out to you, during the day-time, with either asking for help, looking to barter or wanting to join your ""family unit.""Great game! The music also goes great with the overall theme of the game and it is difficult no matter how you start."
,Recommended,282070,22912272,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Whismirk,"The only war game that is, in fact, about war."
76561197999837197,Recommended,282070,22507210,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Cpt Buckshot,This is a wonderful game that combines the first SIMS and a post-war atmosphere. I really enjoyed playing it and recommend it to those that like these types of games.
,Recommended,282070,22547503,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Norma_Cenva,This game is awesome. It stands out right from the very beginning. It's  a game that presents the challenges of war from a different standpoint. One of the things I loved the most was the psychological aspects of character development in the game. It is very immersive and the soundtrack is just plain genious!
76561198248191066,Recommended,282070,32451141,Posted: 15 June,all,cherylg1205,"Really nice game, although some controls can be upgraded."
76561198012683073,Recommended,282070,14006487,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DemonhunterCXV (City B O I),"I loved this game. Although it can get repetitive, you eventually realize that you will sacrifice your morales just to survive for another day. When I was going through my playthrough that suceeded, I kept telling myself ""Gotta survive, I must."". Hell, I was ready to go full-blown bandit to survive, by raiding the military base, then the hospital.. Luckily it ended there, though, I might of not survived.I also love the message. Raises awareness of people who live in these environments, and that it nobody could expect it to happen in their own backyard.""Whatever it takes."""
,Recommended,282070,32613570,Posted: 21 June,all,Kradingmaew #Dab,good game
,Recommended,282070,32612688,Posted: 21 June,all,Cansky,"This is a game that I could not play for long because of how well the atmosphere was set up. I will have to go back to it later, because at this moment this game is much better than any stressful action game out there for me. It did really feel like you were struggling inside a war, where everyone who survived were selfish and they took advantage of others. The places you go out at time seemed like a real struggle, whereas when you are with the people in daytime it's even worse seeing them have these feelings whenever you had to kill somebody. They start feeling depressed, it goes to everyone else and without you knowing you actually start feeling bad aswell. The characters you get enveloped in can die so quickly and for no reason like in a war just to be able to live another day. This is a War of All."
76561198143852250,Recommended,282070,32605437,Posted: 20 June,all,Decaf Table,"A brutal survival game, but not in the typical sense. The game progress goes through a day and night cycle. During the day you build and manage a base, eat food and take care of your survivors. Once night comes you scavenge for supplies and leave a few people at base to guard and or sleep. It's a creative take for a game. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,282070,12964459,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,milkytingle,Just finished it. Still don't know what good Anton was m8.
,Recommended,282070,28343810,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Free_,"Very great game, sad and challenging, but GREAT. This game is worth all it's money."
76561197974356271,Recommended,282070,13004977,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,mkeevs,"very rare for me to be so impressed with a game that i actually tell someone about it, but This War of Mine has been designed and executed to a brilliant standard with a story we can imagine is happening in the real world as we speak.."
76561198016482006,Recommended,282070,25424638,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Faerie Law,"I have well over 300 hours logged on this game and it remains a favorite of mine. I paid full price for it, if you see a sale then do not hesitate to pick it up.You do play as civillians however some characters do have fighting in their backgrounds which can be both useful to the group, or detrimental as the game progresses and character stress increases. Some in the group seem more prone to fighting each other if left together at the shelter while the scavenger goes out. People will leave on their own, often stealing valuable supplies, if things get bad enough.The addition of the Little Ones expansion provides new challenges as it can be very difficult to maintain the shelter and keep the child happy. Just like the adults, the child can become depressed and their mind broken. If the child gets sick and stays sick for too long, you may come home to find that one of the other adults just leaves with the child to get help. You do not find out their fate until end game.As for scavenging, there are a few hidden events at locations that require you to fully search to find, some require multiple visits to complete the area. Group morale will rise or drop depending on who you have in your group at the time when your scavenger has to kill/steal to survive, so you always have to be aware of that when you get into an altercation. What seems to be a self defense move now might find you a highly depressed group member unable to function when you arrive back home.One of the negative reviews claims that you cannot build things in time to survive on any mode but easy. This is not true. You can build in time, but the point is WHAT to build and when it is safe to upgrade. Certain group members can be essential to this, as one lowers the needed materials, or utilizes raw food more to cook better meals using less. You find more people the more scenarios you complete. There are crucial items for the shelter to build, there are more casual items. It's your job as the player to decide what those items are, and yes the wrong choices do lead to failure. Ideally, you want to build to have resources that keeps everyone full and happy. Realistically? Your group will be half starved, slightly sick, and barely hanging on in some modes/group combos. No one said survival is pretty. Each group member has an individual end game rating based on your choices. You may only get the A ending for one and C or worse endings for others.I like that there is the workshop for this game that lets you create your own scenarios. I am still playing through one that has the ""pretty little liars"" tv show characters as your 'civillians.'In the future, I would possibly like to see animals put in the game as dangerous encounters as well as a pet you can have at base or to take with you to scavenge. I'd also like to be able to trap the rats at certain locations for food, or have the rats as more than background and capable of biting and making one sick."
,Recommended,282070,12994238,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,"HAKA3AH, TBAPb!","Realistic simulator of civilian life at war. No brave army, no honest militia forces, just random people trying to stay alive. No savegames, no ""second try"", so, all of it can end fast and dramatic. 10/10, I think."
,Recommended,282070,13625777,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,br0ken,This is an amazing game. Its so gripping. When you lose someone you feel like you might actually cry! 11/10. Game of the year - RUKM
,Recommended,282070,25945434,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ghost-steal,"在现代战争中,你会像家畜一样毫无意义地死去欧内斯特.海明威"
76561198040669155,Recommended,282070,13023552,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Helluvee,"Strong candidate for my personal 2014 GOTY.Solid strategic (yes, strategic) simulation of a modern era war survivors in a city under siege.PROS:- Great atmosphere, it really sucks you in and make you empathize with the 3/4 characters you get to play with.- Excellent ""artsy"" graphic: it works as 2d platforms, but it's quite spectacular in terms of immersion.- Good story, excellent characterization of the PCs, moral dilemmas, and a solid dose of ""tough"" reality.- Great replayability, short playthrough.- Virtually bug free (of those mentioned by the developers themselves, I've only noticed... a typo).- There are strategic, management, RP and platform elements mixed together to provide for something truly unique and innovative.CONS:- Just one: No save option. This is the biggest drawback. Devs must realize not everyone is able to spend one hour straight playing a videogame with no interruptions. The game saves at the end of a ""day / night"" cycle, which can take up to 45 minutes, so if you get a phone call in the meantime, you are back to square one. This is just a bad design option that doesn't take into account a gamer's freedom of choice when it comes to convenience.Overall 9/10- It would really deserve a 10/10 for its artistic, innovative and immersive nature, but the fact that you cannot save the game without losing up to 45 minutes of gameplay is truly a silly design choice."
76561198021105035,Recommended,282070,32400290,Posted: 13 June,all,sudo stack install,"Siege of Leningrad in WWII lasted for 872 days. Siege of Sarajevo in Bosnian War lasted for 1425 days. At about 20th day in this game, I thought I can not hold any longer... every desicion made in game strikes right on my heart.Sound tracks are awesome.9/10 good game, would do it again."
76561198004697705,Recommended,282070,12960369,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Maulrus,Pretty sweet in that horribly depressing way.
,Recommended,282070,26535610,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,A.D.Mynx,"Can't ... stop ... playing...i absolute love this game. It's an absolute masterpiece!The only thing why maybe people give a bad review is that the game is absolute depressiv. You feel the absolute depression all over. ever time you run out of food and have to steal from people, or have to shoot a helpless guy to get on his stuff. Everytime one of your survivors die, or they psychological break-down, you feel with them.In my opinion, exactly this deep should a good game be, it should people give the feeling about the game. If you to soft, go play a shooter and hurt senseless running zombies. for all others an absolute must have!"
,Recommended,282070,33047100,Posted: 30 June,all,[デルタ]DeltaUnknown🐺,"This War of Mine sets you in the middle of a war zone, but unlike in other games your a civilian, you start with 3 people, some already sick or injured, at day, you scavage your home, upgrade it, trade with people, prepare for night, at night you let one of your survivors scavenge, sometimes its just an empty house with some food and gun parts lying around, sometimes a heavily guarded mall, but the empty house is to easy scavenged, and the mall to hard, so whats in between? other civilians, are you willing to steal from an elderly couple? both sick, living outside the war area, sending letters to their grandson about how happy they are, are you willing to steal from them? or kill them if the need arises? This War of Mine shows you the decisions that civilians in war zones have to make, would you make the same decisions?"
,Recommended,282070,18882172,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Feeliks,Finaly some game makers that think about the normal people in war and i donated for the war child cause its hard to survive you will know what i mean if you play the gameGood Things:Good simulatian about normal people in warNice GrapicsNice StorylineBad Things:2D vision
,Recommended,282070,28508680,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ZiM,"Great game!Totally recommended! would buy again.Beware, extremely realistic, emotional rollercoaster, the feels might get real."
76561198071643946,Recommended,282070,28800442,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Crni,The game where you reap what you sow. Amazing.
,Recommended,282070,14337371,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Chow,"Kills 4 girls and 2 old people...... Everyone is now sad (Fair enough). Starts smoking quality-rolls up, everyone is now happy. Sounds good enough. Cigarettes cam cure violence! 11/10 will kill again."
,Recommended,282070,17412873,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,HolyFather,"Truly a gem, unbelievably simple yet made with great love and attention to details.The goal is simple and achievable: survive and remain a human being - not as a body, but as a person. No zombies are here - just hunger, snow and despair.Just can't stop playing - third time in a row!P.S. Would love have a DLC with additional locations."
,Recommended,282070,13116363,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,amb,its ok
76561198068989812,Recommended,282070,13260890,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,jayemseemail,"I can't really expand upon some of the lovely, detailed reviews of this game.I would like to say that I thoroughly enjoyed.  My first success took 36 hours to achieve (I watched some gameplay but didn't read any guides or hints etc.)  I reckon 36 hours of enjoyable, thoughtful, sometimes disturbing gameplay is pretty good for the price!  I will definitely be playing again so there will be many more hours added to this game.It is dark. It is pretty tricky sometimes.  The UI is a joy of simplicity to use, the only downside is in combat where things can get a bit tricky, but if you plan properly you won't experience any issues.Anyways - top stuff. This has been one of the most enjoyable games I have played for a long time. Thoroughly reccmmend."
76561198008261850,Recommended,282070,13024290,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,GhostMakerJacen,"On day 7 I slit a soldier's throat as he beat a woman and threatened to♥♥♥♥♥♥her. I got no reward beyond the satisfaction of doing what I knew was right. On day 24 I stole another group's food and medical supplies to stave off starvation and disease. On day 32 I beat a homeless man to death for a little water and a few spent shell casings. You have to last till the war ends to win this game. The longer the war lasts, the more of your humanity you must sacrifice. you hear children pleading for food outide your door, calling out for help and pounding on the door. You don't move. You sleep, eat,or smoke while you wait for them to give up. Or for a sniper to put them out of their misery. You murder anyone dumb enough to turn their back on you without hesitation. You pick their bodies clean then leave them where they fell like garbage. sometimes they're looters, soldiers, deserters, and other scum of the earth. But sometimes they're just ordinary survivors, civilians, just like you. This game makes a very brutal and simple statement. War makes human life a very cheap commodity."
76561198409632234,Recommended,282070,34608162,Posted: 30 August,all,Maneuver,What a cruel(cool) game.
76561198101516384,Recommended,282070,34088831,Posted: 7 August,all,War Never Changes,Created BoozeTraded BoozeDrank BoozeLived on Booze10/10 would survive a siege with booze
,Recommended,282070,13683960,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Skinny,"Playing with gunfires and bombings in the background makes the game so atmospheric, there's a pro and a con for every move you make. Like if you are forced to get bandages your character gets depressed but one of the group member becomes healthy. A detailed and atmospheric game. I would srsly give it 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,29470706,Posted: 24 January,all,Mikey,"This War of Mine is a game developed by11 bit studios. The game focuses on war however you are not a badass soldier, your a weak helpless civillian caught in the conflict.The gameplay is simple at the start however it can easily branch off, you have a shelter to take refuge in this is where you'll craft, defend and sleep in until the war is over. At night its more hard, you choose where to scavenge and anything can happen to your survivor. Crafting is also simple you can craft chairs, musical instruments, weapons, defenses and everything basic to survive the conflict.Combat feels smooth and simple, select a weapon weather it be your own bear hands or a simple handgun, click to take cover and fire away.The survivor part of the game is like the sims, they all have basic needs and if you fail to meet their needs they will become sad, hungry and will eventually die. If a survivor dies it will have a knock-on effect to all of the other survivors, they will mourn one's death for a while and then eventually get back to facing the harsh realities of war.The soundtrack is also beautiful. The calm relaxing tunes when you are managing your items at base is truley, relaxing. And the intensity of the soundtrack when you are scavenging at night makes the game look feel alot more cinematic.To sum this game up, its a calm relaxing ride at times, sad experiences and intese situations all put together and it blends extremley well. I really want to invest more time into this game and I'm sure I will.This is a very good game. I'd reccomend it full price just for the experience it gives."
,Recommended,282070,34393953,Posted: 21 August,all,Potato Ballsack Man,"RIght then.After several attempts of beating the base game, I think i can safely say what the average consumer can expect from this game.Be warned, i reveal many of the game mechanics in this review, so just skip to the end if you wish to explore it for yourself.The first few times around, it's an absolute eye-opening masterpiece. Even though individual character development is rather non-existent, the morally challenging choices and the feeling of unity the game throws your way is incredible. The scavenging mechanic is challenging and hits the nail on the head. The tension the game creates with its time mechanic during both day and night is great and builds up even further if you can't escape the scavenging area before dawn, since you never know if your precious survivor will survive the unrelenting sniper fire during the day time. Coming back from looting run can be either a massive relief or a huge dissapointment depending on whether you can get raided or not. And the first time you hold a gun in your hands... You feel like a god who can do anything. And once you use that (fire)power for wrong purposes, on purpose or not, it feels like you actually committed murder. You feel like you've taken the life of a fellow man trying to survive, just like you. This was the first time a game has made me feel genuine guilt for what i did to an NPC, and in a way, it was very eye-opening.However, the more the game goes on, it starts to feel more like a strategy game than an unique experience. Depression, sadness and hunger become mere status effects. The micromanaging gets sort of annoying at times and the game sadly loses it's uniqueness. Although i'm not sure how long i expected the game to keep it's emotional side. You might be able to enjoy it for longer if you go into it a bit less optimistic than I did (and believe me when i say that i waited for the sale I got this in for several months)Overall, the game offers a very unique experience at the start and devolves into a strategy game heavy on micromanagement later on. If the game goes on sale and you want to experince the horrors of what happens behind the scenes of other war games, I urge you to give it a go."
,Recommended,282070,13178786,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[AJSA] skprog,"a game about the sad truth about war... "" war is not pleasant or fun, war can take from us the ones we love or know.""after one play through this war of mine is like a brilliantly constructed FTL( FASTER THAN LIGHT)its has rouge like elements that cant be stoped. people die in war.when death strikes them and they are out fighting they lose everything on the person and most stays on the body.injurys and hunger and illness can take lifes at homebase.people can raid your home.people show up asking for your help even when you have none to give.you may have to kill or take someones life even though you dont want to.i shot my neighbor because my people were starving...would do it agian.   and agian and maybe agian. and just one more play through. ( dont you want to be my neighbor)"
,Recommended,282070,30171138,Posted: 25 February,all,c01e,took me a while to get the hang of this one but its def worth buying. I picked it up on sale but i wouldnt mind paying full price.
76561198047541636,Recommended,282070,31271501,Posted: 21 April,all,F.E. Calmatter,"First time I felt really bad killing someone in a game.We were hungry, he drew first.I beat him to death then had a horrible feeling drape over me like a broken blanket.Interesting game. Coupla dozen hours at least.At least it isn't cold........"
,Recommended,282070,33199945,Posted: 3 July,all,Quetzalcoatl,"A different perspective of war, which makes you aware of the pain of the civilians. A game that teaches morality. A much-needed game in a market full of war games who exploit the violent and ""stimulant"" side of war. A counterbalance to violence and a form to humanize by playing.Una perspectiva diferente de la guerra, que te sensibiliza ante el dolor de los civiles. Un juego que educa moralmente. Un juego muy necesario ante la gran cantidad de juegos bélicos que sólo explotan el lado ""estimulante"" y agresivo de la guerra. Un contrapeso a la violencia y una forma de humanizar a través de lo lúdico."
76561198107678943,Recommended,282070,16614442,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Brick Boy,5 Jews out of 5
,Recommended,282070,24948387,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ZigmondCactus,"I dont do survival games so idk why I bought it. Reviews were good so I was like yea, ok, sure. So here I am, skeptical as hell, but I decided to give this game at least 10 minutes. Like I said I don't do survival games, but I sure as heck will do This War Of Mine. BOYY does this game do it. It's got that sad kind of spunk. Yo, this game hooks you in, for a point 'n click type of shenanigan it's fun. solid 10/10 hereI'd also like to point out -spoilers- that I fully blame this game if I end up looting an old couple if a war occurs. I will loot them, and I won't be sad. You gotta do what you gotta do yo.Great game, not a huge fan of the point 'n click, but great game.Ain't no game of the year here, but definitely worth a play through, maybe even 10. :)"
,Recommended,282070,33294059,Posted: 5 July,all,love it when i cant alttab,One of the most depressing games I have ever played
,Recommended,282070,34660652,Posted: 1 September,all,Vince-90,The most meaningful game of all time.
,Recommended,282070,15723958,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"""Can you help me and my mother by giving us some supplies kind sir?"" says the young girl.""Nope""  *Kozzy Slams the door after looking at how low we are on supplies*10/10One of the best indie games of the last few years for me, wonderful art design, extremely fun gameplay and good atmosphere. The latest update really added to the replay value and has me hooked back on the game once again for another go around. It reminded me of Papers Please a little but with better gameplay. Pick this game up if you are looking for a fun game where you must scavenge at night and during the day craft and build things!Sometimes I had to steal supplies from two old folks. Why would I do this you ask? Well in this game I had a full house of very hungry people and an injured and sick person! I needed them medical supplies and that food! Decisions... Decisions..... You feel good getting that stuff for you guys but down the road sometimes your tough choices comeback to haunt you."
76561198090476265,Recommended,282070,14849984,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Seth Wulfstone,"This war of mine is a fantastic game that I adore, a lot, I could say positive things about it almost all day long. The only thing that bugs me is just that.. Bugs, there's a few that drive me insane, such as some sections of ceiling that you can shoot through and be shot through when it's obvious that you shouldn't be able to do that. Sometimes when you play this game you require to move quickly because you've been spotted, or something along those lines, but you can't react as quickly as you want because interacting with objects and spots are rather finicky.. Time and time again I am killed because I click the shadows and realize that I can't duck in there, I don't care if Batman's bulky self is hiding in there, he better fit for two because I'm not gettin' shot for it.That bit of sillyness aside, this game has its ups and downs, but another 'review' about this game mentioned how there was no way for the survivors to be the bad guy without being severely punished by this... I agree, there are times when I want to play the bad guy just for the sake of being the bad guy, but when all of my survivors kill theirselves or go into a state of depression to where they won't do a damn thing just because some crazy punk ran outside and punched me in the face, I returned the favor with a shotgun shell to cure his headache. However, I don't believe anything that's in the game should be changed, no no, everything right now I believe is fantastic! Don't change what you have, add to what you have.I love this game but I'm teetering on giving it a good or a bad review just because there is not too much to it. This game doesn't have too much replayability aside from having other survivors in different situations, which is a good tactic to convince players to try each of them. All of my thoughts came down to the newest 'DLC'.. I was disappointed, now, don't get me wrong about this and think I'm being selfish.. But bear with me here, I understand it was for charity, but surely anyone of the people reading probably got a bit hyper over seeing some DLC being added to the game, but was probably abit disappointed it was only to add collectibles to it.. Yes, people will still buy it for the sake of donating, but if you're just wanting donations for all of this then why not make a proper DLC to hook in more players?More content being added to a great game will make it bigger, and the bigger it is makes it easier to see.. Attracting more people and bringing in more profit that the company can do whatever with. Adding more locations or different events would be great, maybe seeing some of said events around your safehouse would be fantastic, adding more weaponry and perhaps a more juryrigged look to a lot of items would be nice as well. The experienced player will see a place filled with military/militia members and eyeball it like a candy store, mainly because people like myself can walk in with a knife and then walk out with an entire backpack filled with guns and ammunition, even body armor and helmets if they have it.. This will very easilly make the player win the game so long as they continue to stay careful about their spending of such items.Why not add some new survivors to the pool? Criminals would be a great addition, if somebody wants to have a group of unruly jerks that go around and take what they want.. Well.. That would add a good bit of excitement, they'd get greedy and be more aggressive as they kill and steal, but at the same time they would be probably taking more damage and using more of their materials, perhaps losing survivors in the process. Just as much, if you have criminals that means they'd lie as well, they wouldn't share how they got their materials unlike your other survivors that will feel guilty... This would mean no depression for the group, however, it could mean more raiders to come and punish them more often, bigger groups with better equipment knocking at your door for each place you've stolen from and people you've killed. Hell, being a criminal and thinking you can take whatever you want it would probably also mean they'd steal from their own group, like Arica.I've got plenty of things in mind that I'd love to discuss, but if you read it this far you'll know that I've been typing a good amount already.. I give 'This War of Mine' a 9/10, it's almost perfect but it could use just a bit more to it, via more DLC or just overall adding out of the kindness of their heart.. I love this game but I would love to see more people play it and more people enjoy things, have different strategies to deal with seperate situations, have a feel of being able to customize your pre-determined group. Since there's no voicing and it's all text, I would also enjoy perhaps adding a customize your own survivor feature, put yourself into the war zone with flaws and traits of your own, backstory of why you're stuck in the middle of that war and what you were doing beforehand!This is the end of my review, I'd indeed recommend you try it, but don't get too hooked into it since there probably won't be too much, if anything, added to it."
76561198013914593,Recommended,282070,13841421,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Darknoble,"This indie games on steam is worth every penny.The game is a mini version of ""State of Decay""(without the zombies) and a ""home base build"" game like ""xcom"". Its game play and graphics are very similar to ""Silent Storm meets  ""Waisteland 2"" without turn base with single character recon ... But again the mini version of these great games that will have you playing for hours because of the random events and maps. Every time you decide you want to play this little gem you will have a new play through...its that random! Its all about survival in a random generated maps with random set of characters...yes eventually when you unlock all the characters the game has to offer you can choose a starter character...but whats the fun of that! Hit random and start blind! I look forward to any DLCs these Developers put out for this already in my book ""classic"" game that reminds you of adventure story books with choices  which leads you to different endings we often read as kids in school. I give this a 9/10 only because I want more..."
76561198102523924,Recommended,282070,13294516,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,XIanyu,"This game is simple , but not easy to play , chose your way when in hunger and sick , blood on your hand when is needed ....."
,Recommended,282070,35225874,Posted: 26 September,all,Nielniel,Cruel and sad but extremely interesting and challenging. I love this game.
,Recommended,282070,16443113,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Marty McFlash,"Two weeks into the game.Survivors are hungry, cold and depressed.Bandits come in the night and severely wound Katia.Pavle steals bandages specifically to save Katia's life.Katia ♥♥♥♥♥es Pavle out for stealing bandages that just saved her life.Pavle says screw you guys, I'm going home.10/10 would let Katia bleed out next time."
,Recommended,282070,35331416,Posted: 30 September,all,HooHoomanlol,Quite depressing and challenging. extremely dependant on your choices. not a game to play on a rainy evening tho--> it will make you sad.
76561198004741556,Recommended,282070,35432083,Posted: 2 October,all,Sirius,Great game.  Brings the real sense of the desolation and survival of war.
,Recommended,282070,35441284,Posted: 3 October,all,Septlaxer,"A heartfelt survival sim a bit different than others, plays a little like a sims game, micromanaging characters to fix things, gather resources and protect the main 'base' as it were.The game showcases how bleak and horrible a civil war can be and the suffering that the normal civilians have to go through to just survive, stealing for food and dealing with the mental anguish of that choice.You must manage your characters in this stylistic bleak adventure survival game and try to make them survive long enough for the civil war to end."
76561198083013291,Recommended,282070,15167860,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,'JuBa,10/10
,Recommended,282070,13286539,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,joanna.hammond,Supprisingly Enjoyable.
76561198142606609,Recommended,282070,13706845,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Paul Sriyotin,เป็นเกมทีต้องใช้ความคิดและภาษาอังกฤษด้วย ใครไม่เป้นภาษาดีถ้าจะเล่นก็ลำบากหน่อยนะ มันเป้นเกมแนวเอาชีวิตรอดไปวันๆ หาของ คราฟของอะไรประมารนี้ละ ก้เป้นเกมที่สนุกดีผมให้ 8/10 คะแนน
76561198009864671,Not Recommended,282070,25638273,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Uncle Bastard,"Misery simulator!I got through the game with 2 out of 4 survivors on the 3rd go. Everything was fine, loads of supplies, veggies growing, rats trapped etc then 1 got shot in the hospital for no reason (I hadn't been theiving or attacked anyone) and someone else froze to death when it wasn't below zero. As soon as anyone dies, or you kill anyone, the rest of the crew get miserable and sick and your stuck in the house sleeping.Not sure if they're bugs, but I had 6 food on the stove and no one would eat them, even though they were bandaged and/or medicated. Also if I tried to feed or consol someone who was depressed towards the end, they just got stuck until I quit and started the day again.Depressing!Having said all that, it was a thought provoking and engaging experience. Just not one i'm going back to again.I'm off to play something more cheery, like The Last Of Us"
76561198116434933,Recommended,282070,23339669,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,paulisherman,good game i died but good
,Recommended,282070,13187532,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,meow.hivemind.ngc,goty 2014
,Recommended,282070,18439652,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PapaDelta138,"If I had to do awful things to survive, I would not be proud of it, not even for a single moment. Nobody would.  But, I would do it, regardless of the consequences... and if I had to do it again, I would. That is exactly what this game will put you through. ""This War of Mine"" puts you in the characters' shoes, in a war-torn world,  and makes you go through hell to survive. This game is probably the closest to a ""survivor simulator"", unlike the many typical First-Person Shooter Survival games. The soundtrack is beautiful, it synchronizes with the atmosphere of the world. The focus of the game is on survival, and it pulls that part off nicely. The appearance's alright, it's nothing to go on about. It's more like one of the other handheld games (They have made a mobile version of it, too). But, overall, I expect people to get this game solely for how the game is as it is. It is gritty, realistic, and most of all, pushes you way over the limits in what you do, in terms of survival."
,Recommended,282070,34118736,Posted: 8 August,all,Tomae,This game is AMAZING!all my characters died.
76561198005302282,Recommended,282070,25419524,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Strider,"Amazing game. It's very rare to find a game that gives you such an emotional ride. Every decision you make really makes you wonder if you made the right choice, from stealing from a small family to spending precious time helping a man get to his child. Characters react to the moral choices you make and nothing is more satisfying than seeing a character you love endure so much hardship and finally make it back to their family.In one playthrough everyone in my group died with the exception of one man (Bruno) who was too sick and injured to even go and scavenge for himself. He had no meds, 3-7 rounds of ammo, and a knife, in the MIDDLE of a country wide crimewave, fending off raiders. He fought for his life and just as his food ran out and I had given up hope of making it through, international support came and Bruno survived. HE ♥♥♥♥ING MADE IT MAN.10/10 would scream, cry and scream all over again."
,Recommended,282070,13026624,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,maxtwis,18/10
,Recommended,282070,13586996,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,JorisCeoen (GamingReviews),"Whatever was missing in the previous survival games, This War of Mine is on its way of claiming to be the ultimate in its field!The graphics, sound design, crafting systems, combat mechanics are all optimized and are an extension of each other in every direction you could possibly connect the nodes. I haven't had the experience of playing so much on a single game time and time again since 2004's Half-Life 2 and Far Cry.Naturally feeling the torn down environment and the grimy atmosphere, TwoM puts you in the skin of the civilians instead of the usual soldier and teaches you how to survive as well as displaying some of the harsh realities that are faced every day in war. I'm sure no close at all to know just how difficult it is, but This War Of Mine brought me as close to that feeling as possible and that's an experience I will never forget.All your decision matter which is the ultimate climax of all its elements and is also the drive that keeps you going in the game for houres on end.The developers earn the amazing review for their hard work and quite frankly I haven't seen an indie game as good as this one in 2014. Please buy the game and support them for future games, as that's all I want to see from them!My score is a first and well-deserved 10/10 in the GamingReviews series and hopefully I'll be able to review even more, equally amazing games from 11 Bit Studios in the future.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKdCagFiJK0"
,Recommended,282070,13746790,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,RB,This game i just amazing it feels like your in war and the choices you make effect the whole game. I love this game and im happy to have bought it! 10/10
,Recommended,282070,12942946,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,iliekP3aches,I'm running the game on Windows 7 64bit with no issues.This is one of those games that just really manages to pull you in with its atmosphere. Hopefully it drives home the pain and suffering that comes with war- something most of us just see as something far away and irrelevant in our lives. Definitely worth the full price.
,Not Recommended,282070,25367795,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,INSANIAC,"Pros:-The art style is pretty nice-UI is quite clean for the most partCons:-Combat is hugely inconsistent with each attack boiling down to RNG in most cases-Extremely repetitive, after about an hour you've seen pretty much everything the game has to offer-Tiny map, one of the elements that make the game so repetitive is the fact that there are so few places to go, with around 21 in total.-Crafting is far too easy and simple, got some scrap parts? Make a radio! Because clearly everyone on the planet knows how to make a radio from junk. The lack of difficulty in this area makes surviving seem very casual and without consequence most of the time.-Depression and sadness have no real consequence, being broken makes a person sit down like a spoilt child not getting their way and a quick talk or a drink will brighten them up right away. I actually laughed when this occured in my playthough.-Illogical scavenging, it's cold and you need firewood so should you take that axe and cut down that tree in the backyard with the tree house in it? I mean that would keep the fire lit all winter right? It'll be easy to get it inside too as it's right next to the house! No, you must cross a war torn town in the middle of the freezing night to get wood out of the♥♥♥♥♥end of nowhere and attempt to carry it back in a rucksack.All in all there's little to nothing to enjoy about the game, it's nice to look at and that's where it ends. Just another shallow survival game using it's visuals and poor attempt at trying to make the player empathise with the games character as a selling point."
,Recommended,282070,13097598,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Chandler,You get kill proRusskies & proUkrainians!Crimean Conflict Simulator.10/10 Would kill myself due to beating up an old couple.
,Recommended,282070,12946543,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"I think its the Papers Please of this year. It combines equal parts of aformentioned Papers Please, State of Decay, and I Am Alive. It shows how war isn't a good thing. People die. People get hurt. Families are torn appart. War IS bad.It also has some pretty solid AI. Rather, the AI is random, per say. There is no set currency, no set money system, no set value. It all depends on who you are trading with.How the AI reacts to you is based on logic. An old person didnt attack me while i was looting his house because i had a knife, while a dude blew my brains out because I was near his ill mother.The base building is solid,too. This is my base. There are many like it, but this is mine.I really dig the graphics. Some times its a bit hard to make out stuff, but i love it for this all the more.Anyway, this is the short version. Maybe i'll add a longer version, but if you take away nothing else from this review, take away this:This game is one of the best games to come out this year. I wouldn't doubt it'll overtake any number of GoTY canidates, and it sure as hell did overtake mine. Sorry, Wolf Amoung Us."
,Recommended,282070,14006038,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Burn,"This is a unique game. I despise survival crafting games, but luckily this is one of those rare games, which presents this genre with a plot story (believe me, most games of this type don't care about that). It's a great game and it tackles the war theme from a different perspective. But at the end of the day I would still recommend this game even if it was bad, because I'm a sucker for games that are doing something new.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=436374034http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=442087642Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,282070,13151673,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Henry.J,"Ok First off If your about to have fun, this game is not ment to be yours.But if you enjoy having a lot of Emotional bindings to the game, your totally right here.I did not play too much of it but enough to say, for it's Studio and for the things that where given to create it its an massive Sucsess.One wrong step can get your whole guys depressed so as you, I do feel with them and if you can do that I can just say its your game, It gets borring with the time...But with all the Updates comming up from this Studio and the amount of ideas they have I do think that this game can get to an Game like Counterstrike,Lol or so because of all the things that can heappen.Of course it could get to the Point where you know everything but then there is the possebility of an Multiplayer What I think can be a lot of fun eather.All in all This Game is totally worth buying as it has a LOT of potentioal.9/10 or even 10/10"
76561198278820211,Not Recommended,282070,28857019,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,569134620,"i am sorry but i have to say don`t like it,it  waste my time but couldn`t bring me any emotions except bored"
,Recommended,282070,25214541,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,iPlayNak3d,Cant recomment a game about war more than this!!!Changed my view about war games and made me think twice every time i listen about war!!!10/10 moving gameplay great soundtrack wonderfull scenery!!
,Not Recommended,282070,30420177,Posted: 9 March,all,aradapilot,"Neat story, but tedious gameplay.  Not the right medium for the art."
76561198004217808,Recommended,282070,12952626,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ahota the Bombad,"Today, I stabbed an elderly women to death, leaving her son and husband to live life without her. In the chaos, I snuck into the kitchen, and stole all of the now broken family's food. 10/10. Can't wait for more."
76561198095112300,Recommended,282070,28725235,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ghosty,2023 Turkey Simulator
,Recommended,282070,12963936,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,NTRasetsu,"One of the best Resource Management/Survival game out there right nowYou start out with three random survivors (I got Bruno the cook, Katia the depression queen, and a random dude either pavle the runner or Marko  with 15 slot back pack).Basically you have to survive and struggle during a massive war between the gov't soldier and the rebels. To survive you have to scavenge nearby areas for food, materials and weapons.With limited resources, you have to make a choice whether who gets to eat Bruno's delicious stews, medicines and the guitar solo.You also able to make your own supplies like moonshining, growing ""herbs"", collecting rainwater/snow, trapping rodents and making cigarettes. If you upgrade your workshop enough, you could make armors, ammo and guns.When killing either a bandits or old people, Remember your survivors have FEELINGS. they will FEEL bad especially Katia, actually DON'T let Katia kill people ever.Because what happens they get depressed, if they get depressed too long they will commit sudokuOverall 10/10 Would trade moonshines again"
76561198129939433,Recommended,282070,24933374,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Prince Ali,"Broken combat system, stab someone in the back, they nearly die but can somehow still punch you to death.If your character nearly dies, they can't run OR attack.Otherwise, good game."
76561198025634719,Recommended,282070,13151131,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DJ Downs,Beat 5 hobos to death in a school10/10
76561198159846612,Recommended,282070,32235543,Posted: 7 June,all,Gilburt,"The sad story of Boris the Mule. (Spoiler Warning)I sent boris to a church with an pistol and shot every single person, and even hunted down the wounded with my bare fists. Boris gets back and I make Katia talk to him again. Which brings him from depressed to sad.Alright, Boris. A church full of kind loving people isn't enough? You monster.I sent Boris to the city hospital. Assassinated the guard out front, and took his ak47. I make my way into the hospital and open fire on the medical staff, killing the doctors, nurses and the wounded.Boris comes back ""That's the last death on meee!"" But he's only depressed.... I'm not going to feed him today. Katia can♥♥♥♥♥off as well. Can he still hold a gun straight enough to kill someone when he's hungry and depressed? Let's find out by heading to the garage.There goes Boris. He shows up at the door. ""Got any medici-"" I shot him in the face with a shotgun. Make my way downtown, walking fast, faces past, and I shot the old man as well.Alright! Boris is broken. He can starve tonight and Katia can eat a hot meal right in front of him.I was hoping he would leave, because I didn't need him anymore. I used him as a monster/pack mule and took out all the competition. Until I realized I needed Boris. He's a good person and I needed him to attack the military base as a way of disposing him. But he was broken, so I fed him a carrot and had Katia talk to him.""Boris. We need you. You have more slots than everyone else.""""But all those people I've killed....""""♥♥♥♥ them. Why wait 2 to 3 days for that merchant to show up, when you can kill someone for their resources. Then make 1 more trip to gather the rest of the goodies before the merchant shows up. So you have decent stuff to trade.""""But I get depressed.""""That's why I'm here. I can substitute for alchohol and still make you go out and murder people the next day. If you were to get drunk it would waste our resources and another day that you could be spending gathering more stuff.""""That's makes sense. Thanks, Katia. You're a good friend.""We're good to go! Off to the military base! Boris is still depressed, but who cares when you have full body armor, 60 rounds of ammo, ak47, and a hatchet. Boris had a lot experience killing innocent people and a few armed guards. Mostly innocent, wounded people fleeing for their lives, but Boris needed target practice.I wait for the guard to go back into the building, I climb up the ladder and hit the tower guard in the back of the head with a hatchet. Still alive. I hit him again. Still alive. He's pleading for his life. I smell weakness. I slash him down and pull out my ak47. I wait for the guards and open fire on their asses. This was the first time I successfully killed the guards out front. I've never been inside the base before. My horder habit started getting bad. I found so much good loot and decided to head back, sparing Boris's life. ""One more trip. No two more, then I'll have all the ammo I need. Take all the guns too, even though I have 4 ak47s, 3 shotguns, and 5 pistols. I want MORE!""Got all the loot and headed back because I didn't realize there's more to the base than just the front. The place is ♥♥♥♥ing massive. I made the wrong move and opened the back door. I saw a guard and I paniced. I opened fired and killed him. 3 more guys show up and mow down Boris. Boorrriisss!! NOOOO. You had all that stuff on you, now I have to come back with an important character and gather your things. I probably have to make 2 trips because Katia only has 12 slots.I pressed F for him but it didn't do anything. That's the story of Boris."
,Recommended,282070,12978809,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Conboy137,"This game is really, really good and it is really sad when you lose one of your survivors to hunger,  infection or wounds and it is so sad when you need to make the choice to put your survivors over other survivors and need to commit crimes. 10/10"
76561197963462318,Not Recommended,282070,26652238,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,mr.jingles,"I really wanted to like this game but for the second time after playing for an extended period of time one of my main characters died from the extremely bad combat system. The first time it happened I tried attacking a stronger enemy, but once you have thrown the first punch the next attack will be randomly generated based on your characters stats at that time. The combat system is extremely unintuitive and I would strongly recommend watching a tutorial before starting your first game.The second time, having learnt my lesson, or so I thought, I attacked an enemy sneaking up on him from behind with a knife. In all other games through the history of gaming this results in an instant kill, but not in this game. I severely injured the enemy who then turns around to fight me. No biggie I thought to myself, I'll kill him with my next swing, WRONG. At this point the awful combat system kicks in and even though I keep pressing the button to attack, my character just stands around and waits for the enemy to take three free swings at him that utlimately kills him.This would not be as bad, if it wasn't for the fact that I had invested a lot of time in the game already, and that the combat mechanics and rules of combat were never explained to me as a player in a good way. Especially as the combat mechanics do not resemble combat mechanics established by hundreds of similar games.Some might say that you are supposed to fail in this game, or that your characters are not experienced soldiers and thus should suck at combat. But in my mind there's no excuse for making the player fail at what they are doing even though they might be doing everything right.Other than that the game gets boring and repetitive rather quickly, it's an interesting concept that does not really deliver any entertaining gameplay.If the random elements were removed from combat I might be able to recommend this game, but in its current state I would not."
,Recommended,282070,12939948,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Rosen Ritter,"Pressed start; screen flickered. Steam went green. All raring to go for Sarajevo Simulator 2014.Nothing. Silence, emptiness. Like a sniper's shot in the dark, I was cast out to the misery, left to bleed out on my desktop unfulfilled, clutching the medicine my young son desperately needed, the washed-out shades of my browser like the bullet twisting in my gut.Katja will wait for me at the gate, holding my grandfather's Mosin, the same he held Sevastopol with, deprived and exhausted to the very last, refusing to relent. I have shamed him.But I will not come.Katja my sweet. Danil. The tender look on your faces is sweet comfort, ripped away knowing I have failed you.Spokoinoi Nochi. Ya tebya lyublyu."
76561198082552419,Not Recommended,282070,27927907,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,barnaba,"Meh, sure, do get it on sale. But I am so very glad I haven't paid the full price.The base management is awfully silly, with only one real production chain.The difficulty... What difficulty? I've reached the ceasfire on the first try with no idea what I was doing (no lets plays, spoilers, nothing). Played four different stories and I haven't lost... ever.There's much annoyance in the game (e.g. in the winter you have to keep your heater full of wood, so you can't end the day early even if you have nothing else to do - the temperature will drop and people will get sick). The stories that intend to be more difficult (only one survivor, or two really bad ones) achieve this by being even more annoying.You can't go for any kind of sustainability, cause everything is tied to components (or otherwise arbitrarily limited, like you can only have two traps) - which take a lot of carrying space when scavenging and are otherwise very limited when trading. I always have enough goods to buy more components, I always want more components, there's never enough components. It's not just for building, it's for everything. To grow food you need water. To prepare food you need water. How do you get water? With a filter made with components. And it serves no real purpose, since there's only one production chain (so you can't adapt by switching what you were doing) and there's nothing else to do (so you just sit on your♥♥♥♥♥and wait for more components). On the other hand, even with unlimited components, just feeding that one silly chain would be tedious and boring.Speaking of arbitrary restrictions, you can't have more than one person scavenging. Apparently the city is not big enough (although I've had a bug once, where the game claimed two people brought supplies from scavenging).Basically it's a glorified tamagotchi in a war setting. Built like a free to wait game, except your credit card won't alleviate the waiting. I was more attached to the tamagotchi than the characters here. First playthrough is like 6-8 hours and the second part of that already gets annoying and repetitive. The immersion is easily killed by bugs, that are quite common (although not gamebreaking - but you might lose one of your survivors to a bug, not get a very important loot item due to a but etc. It's not a huge problem considering the overall difficulty).Apparently war is buggy, easy to survive and rather boring."
76561198057269702,Recommended,282070,13698693,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nutty,This game will test your sanity.
,Recommended,282070,13071493,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kerem,ewsum.
76561198088717631,Recommended,282070,13414631,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,GameOverDeo,"This War of Mine is a strategy game where you control a group of civilians trying to survive in a civil war. Who and how will you survive is up to you.It is hard to write a review for this game without spoiling what This War of Mine has to offer because having the unpredictability and uncertainty element is part of the game. Knowing that going to a location could spell death for your character or killing a human being for canned goods is justifiable. This game will test your morale. An instant buy for anyone who wants a break from current trend of games. If your are still on the fence about this game, here is a review:GRAPHICS: The characters are well detailed and the backgrounds show the horrors of war. The black and white tones with the pencil shades give the game the perfect look and mood.SOUNDS: Excellent from the sounds of shellings at the background to the sound of stabbing. The music also fits the mood of the gameSTORY: What makes this game have a high replay value is that you start off with different set of characters in new games and you learn their stories as the game progresses. You also develop your own dailogue with the choices you made and it can affect you characters.GAMEPLAY: There is no tutorial which should be applauded because it adds more to the tension where you have no idea what is going to happen. Point and click from scavenging to backstabbing bandits. You have a home base which has an ant-hill set up where you can build the necessities to survive (e.g. stove, heater). You spend the day improving your shelter and tend to the needs of your characters. During the night you select a location to scavenge and be sure to read the description because it tells you what you will find and what to expect from the said location. If a character dies, he/she is dead for the entire playthrough.SCORE 9/10"
76561198068303456,Recommended,282070,13421984,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Money,This is the first game in years maybe even ever i woould say 10/10 immdeiately. It's a game you can play over and over again. Just a tip this is a very realistic game if you get shot it wont magically go away you will need bandages and rest it's not your typical end of the world game it is very unique and is 100 times better than most apocolypse games out there.
,Recommended,282070,13429893,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Autar,"Not fun, but a very interesting and grim experience. ♥♥♥♥ the war!"
76561198066296000,Recommended,282070,13431885,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Holy cow! Heavy-ish,There is something strangley satisfying about shanking an old couple to death and stealing all of their food. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,13689159,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,GUSTAVAUMEISTER,Game is really amazing - the only problem is (at least for me) is the lack of possibility to send more than 1 survivor to scavenge =( besides that the game is a true 9.5/10!!!!
,Recommended,282070,13282611,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mako,"Wow, they got so much right with this game. Simple execution with maximum impact, havent been this engaged by a game for some time. If you found yourself caring about your crew in Xcom you will do anything to keep these characters alive. First evening playing clocked a good number of hours and couldnt put it down, lasted 20 (game) days and by the end of it my moral compass was all over the place. Keen to come back for another try."
,Recommended,282070,18256379,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,M0CH@-,This War of MINE!
76561198053207145,Recommended,282070,13881839,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,sctnrm,I Want More !
,Recommended,282070,13897360,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Mr. Sir Kirensier,"It's a very very emotinal game, also the cant-save part makes the game way more exited.For example: i had to kill a old couple to get some food so my people didnt starve, but everyone (also me) was sad about it... if you also read all the texts i will promis you a great and catching game."
,Recommended,282070,15248663,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,WillBurger™,"I had to steal from old people, it was horrible.10/10, would steal again... D:"
,Recommended,282070,13233066,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Rumple-Foreskin,"This game is Hilarious, challenging and definitely well made. Simple controls, REALLY Simple (Mouse Only). More or less a very serious version of the sims. Would recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,282070,13913378,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Lies,fun
76561198062976322,Recommended,282070,14800162,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Unoriginal,"Have you ever thought yourself to be kind? To be compassionate towards others, and willing to help the poor and desperate?If so, you must play this game, it will be the death of you.Starting out on day 1, you feel comfortable, you search your safe house and find plenty of items to use.Food in the beginning is simple, you will find some here and there, a canned tin, a plenty in the first few places you search.However. After a few days, you will start to feel desperate.You see that house over there? The one with the elderly couple? That's where your food and medicine is. Now you can either ignore it and try and find a small tin of food buried underneath some rubble, or you can kill those innocents and take their stuff.And this happens every day in the game.This game will make you sit in your room, on your bed and make you think about what you have done. You will feel guilty, you will feel bad, and it will push your resolve to the absolute edge."
76561198095960367,Recommended,282070,12952726,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,cato sicarius,"For those who are considering to buy this game, what the hell are you waiting for buy this game. I mean in what game do you feel invested on your character and when they die you'll be really sad? well beside the last of us but nonetheless. Oh and did i mention that they don't really talk much? beside some character biography the playable character don't really talk much."
,Recommended,282070,19528760,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mute-Friendly Technology,"yeah right son ok i know you're wondering ""omg should i buy it ? should i"" while scrolling through the reviews and i won't be telling ya ""omg do it son cuz its good"".imma showing u the reasons to buy it here.no spoils tho. spoils are for the weak.- This game is beautiful. Yeah okay this is subjective here but i really think it is. The animations are good, the 3d feeling is here and not bugged everywhere. There is also a lot of details. A lot. Look at everything and zoom at everything because the lighting of the game may hide a little some interesting background.- The characters are realistic. You won't be seeing any mary sues around here. So pay attention to your children because  they're human as fckkkk.- If you stride along the game events, you may find yourself screaming in joy when finding some meds.- The soundtrack is original. It is a real, important part of the whole game's character and personnality. Turn on the radio.TURN ON THE FCKIN RADIO.- Be a wise fcker. Do what is best for your gang. Remember that the whole thing is to survive, and do what you have to do for it.That's it."
76561198044236650,Recommended,282070,18378446,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The Quintessential Gamer,Helped an old man named Ron Baset masturbate so i could obtain medical supplies to save my loved ones from bleeding to death. 10/10 vivid experience
,Recommended,282070,32856143,Posted: 27 June,all,City of England,>saw on some forum that the supermarket had friendly bandits>believes it and decides to go there>sees a conversation about a guy hitting on a woman>*continues to loot quietly*>guy decides to♥♥♥♥♥♥the woman>came running with my shotgun>*gets shot in the face with an assault rifle*10/10 would restart the whole game againEdit: A save option would be appreciated though
,Recommended,282070,19020209,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Jamey R.,"War never changes....  Computer Games about war do.This is a nice new take on the cruelty and emotional coldness of a war in eastern/middle-europe.It´s a little like the sims in a war scenery... but it´s much more than that!Easy in it´s handling and controls, but very complex underneath.This game confronts you with yourself and your decisions in this war...A absolute must-play for everyone who likes ""deeper"" games with a little emotion and message to them.The graphics are very nicely done, with the background always in a sketchy pen-like setting...  it gives the game a very intense atmosphere that fits perfectly to the whole war setting.Definately a great game!Sometimes a little frustrating, but definately addicting.Replay rate is very high!"
,Recommended,282070,32619579,Posted: 21 June,all,✠Projechi,Feels/10Would buy again.
76561198125904594,Recommended,282070,13483043,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Yellow Friend From the East,"This game is really fun, addicting, and it is that game that shows people what  war is like."
,Recommended,282070,32607717,Posted: 20 June,all,Athelon,"The game is strategic oriented and heavily influenced by your decisions. One small decision or mishap may lead to an unfortunate outcome. The following is a quick summary of key details and what to expect since there isn't much of a tutorial to begin with and finishing a playthrough will take several tries, research, and studying the mechanics on your own.You play as the civilians who are trapped in a city which is conflicted in time of war. You can choose a pre-set story with characters or create a customed story. Some characters have specific characterisitcs that will make survival easier such as being a chef will reduce the amount of ingredients used in preparing food. Each story begins in an abandoned place which contains rubble that needs to be cleared and loot piles and storages that need to be scavenged for materials. This place will be your civilians' home during the time of survival before help arrives at the end. In order to survive through each story, tough choices have to be made for your civilians. There will be a period of crime where chances of being raided by NPCs at night will be definite and period of winter where there will be a need for heaters and warmth. Time ticks as you progress through the day, whether you choose to rest your civilians or have them do jobs around the place such as building stations, crafting weapons, upgrading, cooking food, or participate in other activities around the home. Once day is over, night is when you choose to set out a civilian to go scavenge for materials from an accessible place in the city or stay at home to rest or stay guarded from night raids. Each place that is open to scavenge contains randomly generated loot and may contain civilians or armed combatants. Therefore, you have to make a choice to either raid, steal, trade or kill in order to help those at home survive. Each decision may have a consequence that may negatively impact the civilians at home.You have to maintain the health of your civilians by balancing through starvation, depression, tiredness, and healing wounds. Each passing day will worsen each civilian's conditions depending on your choices or on the RNG scenarios that will happen during the passing day and night. Each story has a different length which range from 25-45 days. One key way to see when period of crime, winter, or ending is nigh, is the radio. This game will test your patience and decision making of whether to steal, kill, or help others in order to survive til the very end..either with everyone or just one left."
76561197989704407,Recommended,282070,18340544,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ultimate Beta,Needs the refugee DLC where you run around punching homosexuals and r@ping women in west europe. Victory is achieved when you cuck the nation into thinking you are a person of peace.
76561198106268598,Recommended,282070,20585288,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SirGeneral,Masterpiece
,Recommended,282070,20805132,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Niggasaurus Rex,You might have noticed already but quite a few of these reviews do not have all that much time spent playing the game yet  everyone is pretty much touched by it. To get a good experience from this game you do not have to spend weeks grinding and as a plus from me it isn't too hefty of a game. I wouldn't say its a nice experience because that just sounds insensitive to those that have to go through these hardships but I'll say it is a interesting and rewarding one.
,Recommended,282070,20854095,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tomsy,"This game is different to any other. It really pulls at your heart strings as you get to know your characters - hoping each one of them will make it through another night of hell.What really gets to me is that people have actually lived like this during wartime. Even today, in warzones, people live like this, and it shows you how much we take for granted in this world.Absolutely amazing game with an emotional message to every single one of us. War can happen at anytime.P.S. Pretty much what the Walking Dead: Survival Instinct should of been like."
,Recommended,282070,20339989,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Rap King Of The South,"A game much like The Last of Us, however, there are no zombies, and it is a 2 dimensional game.This War of Mine is a story about 3 people who have gathered together to survive against the collapsation of the government. When the day falls, it enters a stage called ""Night Time"" where you can set the people to each do one of four things; Sleep, Sleep IN BED (this is crucial considering that it is only when you're sleeping in a bed that you recover from sickness and SLIGHT wounds), scavenge, and stand Guard (sometimes, you can get raided while you're out scavenging). Craft a numerous amounts of items to upgrade your shelter and fit the needs of your survivalists, sneak into houses and raid others, and prosper for an action-packed, suspenseful, thrilling game."
76561198117689618,Recommended,282070,20518070,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,TheKaptain97,"In one word, Powerful. This game will make you cry, it makes evil decesions seem rational and honorable actions very despised. I had to rob a old couple just to survie through the winter. It truly shows that everlyone in a war is effected, especially the people in the wrong place at the wrong time. I couldn't recomend the game more."
76561198022867451,Recommended,282070,20148252,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Chris Paul,"I lost Marco as he was wounded by a sniper. He was trying to come home and all the while the man who lived there kept shouting to ""leave"" & saying ""you'd better go, while you can."" & as Marco was nearing the exit door, the crappy civ guy punched him with a single swift combo...that ended Marco's poor life....So I sent Pavle in to kill the civ and retreive the goods.Pavle was shot and killed a couple days later by some soldier thugs wanting to keep the warhouse on lock down....So I sent in Zlata to get the gun off Pavle and she Iced both of those chumps... She was never quite the same after that..."
76561198000383168,Recommended,282070,20872063,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DirtyMustard,"Absolutely gorgeous and deeply, deeply affecting. Relates the experience of war through the viewpoint of its innocent civilian victims, and what they must do to survive. It's hard to sleep, knowing that this (and worse) is the lived experience of so many now, in places like Syria, etc."
76561197970342494,Recommended,282070,21033623,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,warko,Incredible indie game. Its A MUST
,Recommended,282070,20861493,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,pazmeister99,awseome and gritty...I WANT MORE!
76561198162770417,Recommended,282070,32821068,Posted: 26 June,all,Borny Hoobs,"I hardly play this kinda games but I just find myself indulged in it.I got so astonished how hard and cruel it could be to survive in a war for even couple days.During daytime,u have had to manage your home or more precisely your shelter,comfort your mates or your kids.And when darkness upon,u gonna face the dilemma whether to go out savaging or stay at home prepare for those robbers.these can't even count as questions when you are facing those tough choices like to steel other's supplies or return with your empty hands and weary body.even more,as the war goes on and the situations worsen,there are much more difficult choices u are going to make.These choices can be good and bad,can make u live or die,can change u from the insife and finally destroy your whole life even if u survived the war.This is not  just a game."
,Recommended,282070,13704475,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Donny Donowitz,"When Bruno died making a bowl of soup, it really warmed my heart for two reasons: 1. I am happy he died doing something he loves, and 2. I don't have to feed that worthless piece of crap anymore."
76561198087366219,Recommended,282070,14301373,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,k9,Ukraine Simulator
,Recommended,282070,16391109,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,n[A]poleon solo,"Strongly recommend this game, if you ever wonder what's it gonna be living in war time...buy this...and you'll know"
76561198202181167,Recommended,282070,32608009,Posted: 20 June,all,terror inc,somewhat hard to learn how to play for new comers
,Recommended,282070,23956083,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[BRU]wooferhunter,this game is crule just soo crule ...just like war...
76561198123224717,Recommended,282070,23901425,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MegaStrap,Great game!
76561198037185665,Recommended,282070,15941571,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,HITTIN THAT YEET,very depressings. i tink is very good isn't it. 8/8 m8
76561198164702334,Recommended,282070,23028021,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Pisces,really fun strategy game even its not for everyone
76561197984892630,Recommended,282070,16339884,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ping Pong Wong [Ret-5th RB],Made  exactly around the same time as when Russia invaded the Crimea/Ukraine...errily mimics the feeling as if we were civilians struggling in Donetsk...great indie game.  Would give it 90/100 for what it does.
76561197976556067,Recommended,282070,13235733,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Hone00R,"I recommend this game.12 hours to win, but edge of your seat stuff the whole way.A lot better than cod.Add to cart"
,Recommended,282070,21649041,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,angbam,for sure my favorite pc game to date. truly awesome
,Recommended,282070,21042289,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lard,Killing people is fun. Stealing resources from old people and sentencing them to a slow painful death is even better.10/10 would fap to
,Recommended,282070,25469751,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Toasta,"I got this game expecting to refund it after ive played it for a while. Tbh it isnt my style of game, I prefer the fps's. After playing it for 5mins, im already immersed into the story. Its well made and most importantly different. 9/11 would buy again. I got this game in a sale for £3.74 100% worth it."
,Recommended,282070,13809927,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Endspire,"Quite a fun, addictive, challenging title. Somewhat akin to The Sims: Castaway, How to Survive, and Oregon Trail.Survival/Stealth - Strategy/Shooter - Crafting/ManagementSide-scroller - PlatformerQuasi-Randomized Levels/Events - Moral ChoicesSatisfying Ambience, Music, and Art-StyleOnly Moderate Replay ValueWorth it at a $10-$15 Price Point8/10"
,Recommended,282070,24842361,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gazza,"Good survival game with a depressing atmosphere due to the topic. Your actings and decisons matter.Looses some atmosphere on 2nd or 3rd playthrough, but still fun."
,Recommended,282070,23608583,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,♣ Artyom,"In a lot of games, you play as a soldier. You never saw this perspective for sure and you must try this game. I can't forget the time marko just got killed. My heart gone insane."
,Recommended,282070,25425225,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,zeeboid,Great game.  It gets you in the feels and makes you actually care for the characters.
,Recommended,282070,31649518,Posted: 9 May,all,Sir Dolphin,"I cant remember how long it was since I last played, and Im still crying over everything that happened. I went into a church, accidentally went somewhere I shouldnt have, panicked and killed everyone. I went into an old couples home, panicked and kileld everyone. I saw a hobo. I killed him. In the end, everyone got depressed and killed themselves. Oh yeah, anyway, this is a good game. 8/10"
,Recommended,282070,25438188,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Surefire,"I was very pleased with nultipul playthroughs of this game. Its atmosphere and art styles do well to put you in a unique setting of living in an active war zone. The gameplay is moderatly deep with some unique variables and encounters possible. Some aspects are difficult to master between trading and producing enough goods to survive and advance other tools, and knowing what to go for and what wastes time is a fullfilling process.Only drawbacks is having the patience to learn and try new things. Like some traders will value some thing over another, and some traders are just terrible to deal with. Stockpiling is tough as you will run out of a resource and some playthoughs make it tough to find them. The combat interaction is limited to point and click, and at times maddening if you didnt understand how to do the action in advance desired.Overall a solid game with much replayability, but never as fun as the first experience through."
76561198119675339,Recommended,282070,25437781,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The Tiger Driver,One of the most enjoyable gaming experiences I've ever had.
,Recommended,282070,21788803,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,JahNuN,great game and for a good cause. buy the DLC!
,Recommended,282070,16750716,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Death Gun,great game but it keeps crashing and I need to start the day again. It crashes alot when scavinging please fix it soon.
,Recommended,282070,19064963,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,phamooze youtuber,"This game is absolutely astonishing, it is unique and has never been done before. When I first saw the trailer I was like, ""Great, another war game"" but I was wrong. This game is great, I can't explain how. It's just f*cking great!The decisions you have to make in the in this game make you think so much, my one of my survivors were severely wounded and I desperately needed bandages but snow was blocking the route to the hospital. I had to rob the elderly couple, I ran into the house and opened the fridge and tried to ignore the pleading man and wife. But I couldn't, I pulled out my hachet but I didn't want to kill the man so I just threatened him. He eventually runs to the basement and cries on the floor begging me not to kill his wife. I then run to the top floor and to chase his wife and loot the medicine cabinets and left.Even though it's in the game I feel this sense of shame and regret to looting these people because my survivor who was severely wounded committed suicide from depression when I got back.2 days later I return to the old couple's house, they were gone.GET THIS GAME, IT'S GREAT"
,Recommended,282070,24019626,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,John Smith,And people wonder why those refugees don't stay in their own country.
,Not Recommended,282070,25956023,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Juli.exe,Please remember this is my opinion and I might have different thoughts and feelings about the game:I honestly think this is a VERY repetitive game and its very difficult as your characters have a very high chance of dying which sucks as everytime someone dies you remember that the character was essential for the team. The game is also very creepy if your playing at night with music as its very suspensful every time you raid a house. The game does not have many glitches and is very well made but its the type of game the thing I dont like at all. 4/10
,Recommended,282070,25461867,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Zambor Wolf Uchiha,Best game of survival war crafting which played for the climate 10/10 game play and realism of the characters are as worried about every another day!!!The story 10/10Gameplay 8/10Graphics 10/10Music 10/109.5/10
,Recommended,282070,25467380,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,LadyPyramidHead,"A game that gives a small taste of the heartbreaking horrors to survive as a civilian during war time.The home you once knew is gone, the people you knew have changed, all in the struggle to make it out alive.Sunlight is your enemy as you search for supplies at night, sometimes robbing, other times killing people who are just as frightened, exhausted, and starving as you are.War is Hell."
76561198146797157,Recommended,282070,25467627,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,EdY,Nice game
,Recommended,282070,29546003,Posted: 28 January,all,Winter,Best game ever
,Recommended,282070,23918686,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ch33kiBreek1,"When i first played I didn't knew this game gonna hurt my feelings so much.First game:Searched some materials for upgrading, few days later found some man and his sick father. The man wanted me to leave but i wanted to search fo r some more as we we're low on food. Then he got angry i pulled out a knife and killed him as he had a gun and i thought he gonna shoot me. I could stop hurting him but i fully panicked and killed him till the end. Then his came and i thought he wanted to kill me too. I was still panicking and i killed him too... I didn't knew what to do. I was in so much panic so yeah... Later then some of my people felt depressed or just left our groupSecond chance:Again we we're low on food and i also searched for some materials. I went in to some apartments where i found an elderly couple. I stole food from them either the man asked me not to do it... Later 2 people still died from starvation, one was killed in a fight and other one hanged himself cuz of depressionThis game hasn't learned me anything yet but i can tell if this was real life i would be the one who would ♥♥♥♥ this up...Also characters kept talking about these events which sooner or later got my fellings tooWould recommend"
,Recommended,282070,14280006,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dutch Master,good game
,Recommended,282070,25426335,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Lumina,"I do recommend this game. It's filled with tough decisions and an immersive environment. I can't, though, recommend its DLC ""The Little Ones"". Not because of its content, but because of its price. It's unacceptable that a DLC would cost $6 less than the original game. At this moment, during a sale, it managed to be more expensive than the game itself.As I've said: great game, great replay factor, but this BS sounded too EAish."
76561198347887423,Recommended,282070,32308788,Posted: 9 June,all,malingerings,Great simulation game !! How to survive in this struggle situation!!! Live or die !!! Fight or frighten!!!What a real life game!!!
,Recommended,282070,31868785,Posted: 20 May,all,Spacecouch,Great game
,Recommended,282070,21990261,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Blaze | 蠍座,"An absolutely new idea. This game shows you an other aspect of war. The fight for survival behind the frontlines and the struggle for daily needs like water, food and meds. This game will punish you for every mistake you make, if you don't manage your people properly and it could be really depressing after playing a few hours. It has a deep and sad atmosphere, you'll learn to fear from the night.Should you send out one of your men as a scavenger at night? What about the others? Can they sleep or do they have to guard the hard-acquired goods? Are you gonna take the meds from the old and harmless couple in the neighbourhood, although you know, that the woman will die without her pills? These are the choices you have to make and many other. Every new start is a different situation. Different people and stories, different abilities and personalities. This game is a MUST HAVE!"
,Recommended,282070,30769232,Posted: 27 March,all,jonyling,.
76561198000955999,Recommended,282070,13184991,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Allison A'vani,"Amazing game.  Take a post- apocalyptic survival game, make it 2D, add in some amazing music, stylized graphics that really help enhance the feel of the game and you have an amazing game.  This game does have a bit of a learning curve though with most party members feeling bad about killing others, even when they deserve it or it is in self defense, (if you need to kill people then use the cook) or if you act like a♥♥♥♥♥♥to other survivors.  This went from being annoying to not being much of an issue after you have enough supplies to last a few days (just scavenge with the cook when you are going to any “caution advised,” or “danger,” location first, after you have cleaned out all the baddies; come back the following evening with who ever has the biggest backpack as enemies do not re-spawn (thankfully).  I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,282070,23758683,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Boosted Newb,One of my favorite war game. It makes me happy and so sad when i play it.
76561198102058636,Recommended,282070,25418405,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cerebral Assassin,"This War Of Mine plays well, is challenging, and is a very good game. It just also happens to be a very good piece of art."
,Recommended,282070,25427792,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Adi,good game
76561198065162390,Recommended,282070,25430731,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dezzy,One of the most depressing games in my library.
,Recommended,282070,22880090,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,nesquik nibba,nais
,Recommended,282070,22933673,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Trakais,Amazing game!
76561198041733914,Recommended,282070,13012156,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Not-A-Spy,"tl;dr:This game is all about the story, which is excellent, and has iffy but acceptable technical aspects.This game is all about the dark, gloomy, and desperate atmosphere of a wartime siege. It pulls off the theme of suffering, wartime horrors, and doing 'evil' things to survive very well. Well enough to make up for the somewhat limited features of the actual gameplay.Like I said, this game is about atmosphere and story, not necessarily the gameplay. The number of different things you can build in your base is maybe 15, with a few (expensive) ways to make your own food or meds.BUILD A RADIO. Even if it seems like a waste of resources, it will help you plan and enhance the story/plot.It saves only after you finish a scavenging run, which has frustrated me a couple of times when I took a break just BEFORE that, only to load it back up and learn that I lost a day's worth of micromanaging my base.There are a couple of weird bugs, and I had it randomly crash on me one time. Not that big a nuisance, but noticable.One thing that frustrated me was only being allowed to scavenge in one place per night. Even if my character popped in, grabbed a backpack full of stuff right near the entrance, and left an hour later, they could not use the rest of the night to visit some place else or make a second run.But as I said, the game's atmosphere and drama and story is very well pulled off. I'm not talking about it much because I don't want to give away much."
,Recommended,282070,23297586,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,🍍 amarinediary,"""Trully cruel to a dealy end ! -- @amarinediary""An heavy atmosphere ! The horrors of war throughout realistics & well polished characters ! If you want to make it, you will have, sadly, to cross the line ! A special love note for this one, made me cry at one point !"
76561198083712078,Recommended,282070,23333759,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MasterAlchemist,That moment when you buy it then a few days later it is on sale.
,Recommended,282070,23830775,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,OD [IZK SGT] NotGpless,"This gives me Chechnya War flashbacks, Insurgents knocking on your door and Military Soldiers yelling the ♥♥♥♥ out of you. But in all honesty this game is one of the best survival games I would have ever played. It shows how much the regular civillian suffers in War.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,15269861,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Cum_Waffles,"I haven't played it for long but so far its been a pretty over whelming experience. After a few days of not coming across any food, and only a few bottle of acolohol to trade with, I have sent fat bruno on his way to scavenge a house on the other side of the town.  I came across an old couple who lived there. No weapons, helpless... I stood there for a minute and decided to steal from them as my desperate situation began to control my actions. I tried to sneak through the house but I stupidly did not think to look through the keyhole. As they saw me they began to question why I came, I kept a sturn face and kept walking. I came to a coffee tabble and searched it, as I did the old man followed me and started begging me not to take his wife's medicine. I thought for a second and grabbed it as I could trade it for some kinky sex at the brothel. I went through their whole house and took everything of value, such as; medicine, food, jewelery, alcohol and some ♥♥♥♥. Through out my scavenging the old husband was begging me on his knees to stop, the wife was crying in the corner, and I simply took what was not mine to take. This game made me a monster. 10/10"
76561197998876917,Recommended,282070,25435142,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,sqspecial,Exposes the harsh realities of urban war while still being mechanically enjoyable. Would recommend
,Recommended,282070,13493722,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,fReAKeY,"GraphicsBeautiful environment with dark , gloomy settings. Makes you feel as if you are really living in post-war world.  The sketch-like designs are really interesting. Feels like you are telling your grandchildren what you've been through, flashback-esque.GameplayA simple point and click game but a difficult one at the same time. You have to think of every actions you made. Like they say, "" Every action has its own reaction"". Doing good deeds can result in a party member disliking you. Eg. Helped out a neighbour and one of the party member dislikes it for abandoning the party. Stealing from others and/or killing people for resources can cause low morale in between your party members. You can recruit more party member but your cost of living will increase. You have to find more food, make more beds, find extra meds in case they fall sick etc. Basically you make your own story. You set your own life path. Be the merciful or the merciless.SoundGloomy. Makes you feel like death is the easier way out. Gunshots can be heard at the background from the war or people killing each other for resources. Superb.VerdictA must get game especially if you love decision-making games that comes with consequences. Graphics are not for everyone but you will probably forget about it once you are busy building up your territory or busy scavenging at night. Recommended for those who wants to feel what its like to live in a post-war era not as a war vet but a normal civilian."
76561198063121108,Recommended,282070,18384488,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Joseph Robinette Biden,"War has no winners. Neither has this game. It only has survivors.This War of Mine is actually the best wargame i have played so far because it teaches you how war feels like. We cannot imagine how war really feels like by playing a computergame, but if we could, this would be the title to play. Don't expect to have ""fun"" playing it, that's not what it offers. You will get pretty sad while trying to keep your group alive.There are no choices like:""What should i do first? Option 1 and then option 2 or the other way round?""They look more like:""Which option do i choose?""The other one will be missed and whatever you decide, it will not make anyone happy (unless you build a guitar and have someone who can play it. And even then you used material for it you needed somewhere else as well). It will just help surviving the next day.GAMEPLAY:The gameplay is casual, but actually still pretty fun, what i did not expect as a hardcore fan. Sneaking unarmed into a heavily patrolled area at night is not easy and if you take the risk early and die, you will have a hard time fighting the depression of the entire group. Going easy and stealing from a hospital or peaceful inhabitants will not stay unpunished for long as well.Each character has his own thoughts about the decisions made which he writes down once in a while. For example a really egoistic character may start fighting a wounded groupmember if he is injured himself to get all the meds and bandages for himself. The inner conflict for the player to decide how to handle such behaviour is as extreme as deciding what to craft and what not.Sometimes there are people coming to your hiding place. Those can be people looking for barter, armed militia, children in need, etc. Be careful when opening the door for strangers.The game has an end if you survive long enough. Don't forget to prepare for a cold and long winter.Thumbs up for this game and don't forget to buy the DLC. Best DLC i have seen so far."
,Recommended,282070,24576365,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,wuw,I want world war 3 because of this10/10
76561198110865727,Recommended,282070,15155963,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Momoza,A very good game.
76561197970759080,Recommended,282070,13297212,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Able Jones,"5/5I bought, I played, I got robbed & then froze to death.Must Buy."
,Recommended,282070,33482257,Posted: 12 July,all,NowlZeo,"Why you should buy this game1. It's goodyeah, that's it. what did u expect? Spanish Inquisition?"
76561198075280397,Recommended,282070,16345478,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,JohnnyDarko,These Feels of Mine
76561198046741186,Recommended,282070,16345802,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,NachoFast,"FIRST PART OF THE REVIEW IS MY FIRST GAMEPLAY EXPERIENCE. SCROLL DOWN IF YOU WANT TO SEE THE TRUE REVIEW!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The first nights went kind of well. A man from my group called Marko killed an old man in his first looting trip. He got some loot from the house though, so I suppose it was a good move... Or was it?Everything went well for a few days forward. Nothing truly interesting happened. We were surviving just fine.We started to run low on food when suddenly a woman named Emilia came to us. I was thinking: ""Great. Now we have one person to loot when I protect other people"".Emilia went to get some food from a house but was attacked. Emilia killed one person and then had to run, lethally damaged. We didn't have any bandages.Next night I sent a man named Marko to get some bandages from a nearby hospital. He wouldn't steal anything out of the fear of getting attacked. However, he found a doctor who said he can help people. When he returned home Emilia had died. He even got some coffee for her. She would have liked that.Everyone in the house is now depressed or completely broken. Marko and Pavle drink their sorrows away. I had to send my best conditioned person called Bruno to scavenge for some stuff. He was slightly sick, slightly wounded, depressed and tired. Marko was also  badly injured before this.Bruno came back with bandages saying: ""I got the bandages! Now let's see about that wound..."" Right after this the screen says: ""Marko died from severe wounds"". They were attacked last night and the defences weren't good enough. Bruno is now broken and Pavle is depressed. I don't know what to do anymore. 2 children ask me to take their mother to the hospital. I am thinking that everything is over anyways so I better do the one last good thing. I leave the broken Bruno alone at home.Surprisingly Bruno doesn't die. He is now in a better condition but Pavle is exhausted. I let Pavle sleep when Bruno goes scavenging from the local market. Bruno finds three other looters. At this point I finally realise that all that matters is that I survive. Bruno kills the three people and takes their guns. He also finds some food. Maybe everything will be all right?I return home. Looters attacked again. Pavle died alone at home, exhausted from all the work he had to do and the game ended as a failure.FIRST IMPRESSION:- This War of Mine was one of the most haunting gaming experiences I have ever had. When Emilia died I really felt terrible. The game truly shows the horrors of war from a different perspective. Not a single HQ war game such as Battlefield or Call of Duty can ever reach this level. I survived 16 nights. These 16 nights were some of my best gaming experiences ever. (TL;DR: 9.8/10)GAMEPLAY:- When it comes to gameplay it is very simple. Point and click, loot, kill and survive. This makes the game worm in a surprisingly great way. When one of your characters is making food, the other one can be crafting and the third one can be getting some scrap off the way to a loot shelf in your house. The best part, however, is the fact that the way you work in the game itself affects your game. If you decided to steal stuff from a hospital your friends will write so in their diaries and will talk about that later in game. If you kill an old couple, people will remember. Everything you do affects everything. This makes every move count, even if it's so simple as whether if you should let a person in your house or not. (TL;DR: 9.5/10)GRAPHICS:- One of the best parts about the game is the graphics. The destroyed world and lighting create the truly haunting and realistic feeling of war. The characters also look nice in the game. The graphics aren't realistic or great in the next gen fashion. Instead, they are a creator of atmosphere. Very, very well working, if a bit rough in some way. (TL;DR 8.8/10)OVERALL RATING:- This War of Mine is a must-play game. Leave all the things you learned from your previous war games behind: in this one surviving is a lot more than using a whole clip of ammo on some thugs. Be prepared for high emotions, hard gameplay, realistic view of war and above all else, be prepared to see how you would truly act in a horrible world like this. I recommend this game especially to people who like to jump into the character they play and enjoy doing things the way you would do them in real life. (TL;DR: 9.8/10)"
76561198067404436,Recommended,282070,17361672,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AviatorxDuck,i quit the game becuase i failed to stop a dead military man trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥a woman in the supermarket ERROR/10
76561197961538523,Recommended,282070,16349439,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Spectral,"Great game, immersion is good, surprisingly modern and refreshing."
,Recommended,282070,12945269,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TryCatchFinally,"this is the ""Wisconsin Death Trip"" of crafting games"
,Recommended,282070,13663611,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MC-Mirthless,"Jumped for joy and accidently threw my laptop out of the bed when Pavle returned home with rotten tomatoes and a sugar cube.11/10, would emotionally destroy Christmas day again."
76561197994652969,Recommended,282070,13273633,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Goldsun1988,Really Good game If you just wanne chill not tough the keyboard and want
,Recommended,282070,23787112,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gin,Great game! So much feeling.
76561198180790837,Recommended,282070,27839646,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mlka3-,gooooooooooooooood game
,Recommended,282070,19919672,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,fm_fatale,"I'm impressed with this game, the replayability is high, especially with the option to play uploaded senarios by other players, or create a senario by myself.  In the early days of release I was casting this game and told by one of the members of the creation team that I played it differently than most others, I commonly go for the survival and non-combative approach, as most civilians caught in a war would not have the ability to contend with those of the armed forces.  I enjoy this game deeply."
,Recommended,282070,13314118,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Black Mamba,"I couldn't sleep all night. Once your connected to your survivors - it's hard to stop playing. Amazing, wish I could find more games like it!!"
,Recommended,282070,13564813,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,OUCH!,this game is a very fickle and addictive ♥♥♥♥♥/10
,Recommended,282070,15148622,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Autumn Littlebyte,yes.
76561198056986329,Recommended,282070,19316914,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DJ Khelad,Its is become yes very good game I agree on sometime its really good so I walk back in store and when come back. No? But is not very nice also good idea but is not all abraced beacause is not becoming the lost legion of Morganius Freemansen.Thanks to the you for game pls another is become maybe??++? Yes? or I dont know but OKAY!I is recommend.
,Recommended,282070,21958497,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Waffles©,"I’ve been playing a lot of This War of Mine and can honestly say that it is one of my favorite games.  The game takes place in a warzone city where you take control of three/four scavengers as they attempt to survive in the broken city.  Each day you build up your house and each night you fortify the place and go out scavenging.  The main gameplay is very simple but quite taxing on the players mind.  The characters you play as are largely civilians and don’t have any combat experience making the game difficult and oddly easy to identify with.  My first playthrough ended after I killed a hobo in a panic and all his friends came over and mourned over him.  I freaked out to some degree and alt. F4-ed out of the game.  I took several minutes of just breathing and thinking before I was able to begin playing the game again.  It’s odd to play such an aware title especially after playing Call of Duty or Battlefield where you play as Captain America or some other bullhonkey over-powered character.  I wouldn’t recommend playing the game for the gameplay, no, but for the experience.  This game can take you from “we’re gonna make it” to “we’re barely surviving” and I’m okay with it.  This War of Mine has given me confidence and then battered me down again in a single night, but then gives me just a sparkle of hope before I move on from the death of a survivor and continue to the next day."
,Recommended,282070,18623320,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kurtz,"Finally, a survival game without any zombies, mutants, killer robots and Bear Grylls."
,Recommended,282070,25472466,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,postcog,"This War of Mine is a 2D survival simulator based on choices and how well you play.The game makes characters feel alive and well.You can get to the ceasefire without killing anyone, or killing everyone.Once you reach about 18 days you'll be stocked on weapons, food, and supplies.For first timers, I'd reccomend choosing ""write my story"". Instead of the game generating one for you.I reccomend not getting the DLC. It adds children that do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥and just makes the experience harder and unkindling.8.9/10Get it at atleast 50% off."
,Recommended,282070,28635388,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,The Bird,More than lovely
,Recommended,282070,21246735,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,panic,w
,Recommended,282070,23249130,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Gigs,Hey thats pretty good
76561198018948377,Recommended,282070,27760237,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,very ni,发人深省 真的是个不错的游戏 力荐
,Recommended,282070,20980260,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mr. Clean,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,282070,12972793,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,zinnia,It's a survival game in the purest form and no it's not easy.
,Recommended,282070,14581385,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BL7TZ,Amazing but brutal point and click survival game with great replay value and some amount of random generation. The art style is like the pages of an artist's sketchbook and in my opinion looks great.
76561198093363699,Recommended,282070,14815653,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,f r i e d m e m e,great gameGet it Now11/10 IGN for reallzziesNo seriously
76561198376146879,Recommended,282070,32631739,Posted: 21 June,all,Diazgaming26,im kill a granny and im broken dang im a evil now
76561198095903983,Recommended,282070,14096347,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Flaccid Flamingo,love it make more like this if you can thanks
76561198017077827,Recommended,282070,15677255,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ghrim,"you will enjoy this game if you like looting, crafting, and killing rapists"
76561197986281350,Recommended,282070,13823934,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Afterman,"A mature version of ""The Sims"""
,Recommended,282070,25423965,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Uzumaki Naruto,It's ok when get this on sale
76561197995980821,Recommended,282070,12959762,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,McPanty,Tunnelma kohdillaan.
,Recommended,282070,12958876,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ghast,"Robbed an old couple for food, scavenger got crippling depression and died.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,12955353,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,<CG> Clay,Awesome game!
,Recommended,282070,12958053,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dr. Steven Poop,These Feels of Mine
,Recommended,282070,12957526,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dad,Fun Game
76561198031066591,Recommended,282070,13699502,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,cantseetheforest,"Story and Concept: 4/5Gameplay and Game Mechanics: 3/5UI Design and Controls: 2/5Art, Music, Ambience: 5/5Overall Rating: 3.5/5Review Summary: This War of Mine is a fresh, compelling take on the day/night cycling survival genre and is recommended as a must-play for serious survival fans. The story concept and art design are thoughtful, elegant, and beautifully immersive.But while the economy and crafting aspects of gameplay are well-executed, other parts of the gameplay need serious refinement and fleshing-out; and the entirely point-and-click user interface, while simple and easy-to-use, comes off as clunky, ham-handed, and inflexible. It's an extroardinary concept and story and is a solid gaming experience as-is, but This War of Mine could benefit from a serious reimagining and overhaul at the nuts-and-bolts level, particularly with respect to the user interface and some of the more mechanical aspects of gameplay.--- --- ---Major Kudos:- The game's economy of scarcity is expertly designed and balanced. It feels ""real,"" which is no small feat.- The crafting system is balanced -- adequate to the task without being too junky or circuitous.- AI and general mechanics in scavenging mode are fairly realistic and transparent, especially the stealth system.- Randomization of certain elements and the patterns of moral choice available make the game strongly replayable.- The game's story is unique and emotionally compelling; even where the characters are two-dimensional, they get the job done.- Art and sound design and execution are excellently suited to the story, concept, and gameplay style.Serious WTFs:- The flow of in-game time is so incongruous as to interfere with suspension of disbelief. For example, it takes only an hour or so to build a radio from spare parts, but several hours to clear a pile of refuse by hand, and it can take about 20 minutes just to walk from one side of the house to the other. This could be remedied by doing away with the real-time clock (hours and minutes) altogether, which, while probably intended to foster a sense of realism, actually has quite the opposite effect in practice. In terms of sheer pace, the pseduo-real time flow seems just right for the night scavening portion, but rather too fast for the daytime crafting portion.- The point-and-click-only interface is not ergonomically uncomfortable, but it is clunky and awkward at times. The game could benefit tremendously from some simple assignable keyboard shortcuts, particularly in the daytime portion, where the ability to cycle through characters with a keystroke and to send them to various tasks with a keystroke would be extraordinarily useful.- Certain crafting-related and home improvement activities should be assignable and automatable among characters the player is not controlling at a given time.- Replayability could be enhanced by tiered difficulty levels.- While I don't mind it so much, some people will have an issue with the inability to start a new game without overwriting the old one, a new and slightly annoying design trend in games."
,Recommended,282070,14089082,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jiik,"A game where you and a group of 3 chodes hideout in the Chode Beggar HeadQuarters. There's a cool story to it, where you must find the true chode beggars and bring them back alive.Nice chodes, 11/chode very good happy good fun"
,Recommended,282070,32165951,Posted: 3 June,all,SunEater,Just amazing and also heartbreaking...
76561198019986339,Recommended,282070,12960667,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Anthony Romeo,One time I walked into a house and killed a guy then I died 11/10
76561198091431625,Recommended,282070,12999910,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mr.Cheekz,Best Indie game of the year!!!
76561198317187305,Recommended,282070,33383111,Posted: 8 July,all,MLG-logeneg,Nice game
,Recommended,282070,19004608,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Ted Bunny,- creates a custom survivor of my best friend who committed suicide in rl- he kills himself in the game 40 days inincredible
,Recommended,282070,13796330,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,levidrt,Great game.Go buy it
,Recommended,282070,13051727,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,wormwood,"It's easy for players who live in countries that haven't experienced war recently to play shooters without thinking about the people who aren't a very lucky hero or heroine. We get used to action movies, great heroes, to stepping into the shoes of an impossibly well prepared (and improbably lucky) character to save the world.It's easy to forget that the most common face of war is not glory, it's a battle for survival fought by grandmothers and grandfathers, parents and children, strangers trying to avoid soldiers and in every decision for mercy or cruelty made in order to survive.There is a sad grandeur to this game, in that it says to the player: if war is not a chance for you to be a hero, what is it?The answer is, quite simply, a lot of senseless death and people struggling to maintain sanity and humanity in the rubble of their lives.I play a lot of shooters. This one shouldn't be played lightly, though it should definitely be played. The game wants to know what kind of person you are.Be prepared to give an answer."
76561198030096654,Not Recommended,282070,21108095,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,noma,the combat is so bad it ruins the expreience for mealso i spit on the monitor
,Recommended,282070,13011631,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Arachnid-X,Accedently shoveld a family to death every one took it pretty hard.
,Recommended,282070,19872038,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Potato PC,"One of the best video games of all time and there are various reason such as :+ Simple, fun and addictive gameplay+ Great art and soundtrack which makes perfect war atmospheric+ The game successfully make the player knows about live of civilians in war, their hardships, the dangers and difficult decisions+ Encourage me to care about people nearby me and made me bought ""War Child Charity DLC""+ Lots of updates with many content even 3 years after release+ Steam workshop which make the game feel differentThis is how every Indie games should be, not complex but polished very well. I'm sure this game is worth at full price and you will have good time."
,Recommended,282070,15322382,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),">Let's in Cveta, who is good at raising kids>Realizes there are no kids>Gives fat, ugly, homely Cveta an AK and sends her against a den of raiders>Cveta emerges triumphant from the ashes>Fat, Ugly Homely Cveta who loves kids is more hardcore than 5 raiders.7.5/10Seriously, fun game but this is nothing at all what war is like. All the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on the reviews going on an on about ""This is real war"" have no idea what they're talking about. The same people that think this is what real war is like also think Call of Duty is real.It's a FUN retelling of a fake war that's based LOOSELY on a real one."
,Recommended,282070,19578751,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,MrGenericName,Killed two old people and took all their stuff10/10
76561198067850702,Recommended,282070,29345794,Posted: 18 January,all,adventurewill,"This is one of the most haunting, wonderful games I've played in ages.  There are some definite faults (e.g. clumsy combat system), but the core of the game is engaging and evocative.  Could use more replayability.  8/10"
,Recommended,282070,29325879,Posted: 17 January,all,bladiator,THIS LITTLE WAR OF MIIIINNNEEEEWE'RE GONNA BE JUST FINEEEEEEETHIS LITTLE WAR OF MIIINNEEEEEEDON'T CROSS THE REBEL LINNNEEEEETHIS LITTLE WAR OF MIIINNEEEEEI'M GONNA DRINK MOONSHINEDRINK MOONSHINEDRINK MOONSHINEDRINK MOONSHIIIIIIEEEIIIIEEEIINNEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,282070,23822099,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Midnight | SOTR,"A Very deep and methodical game, it's truly a masterpiece with its unique survival element and its deep story and artwork.  This game is truly under-rated.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13508479,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Slix,(BAD REVIEW INCOMING) Im a bad reviewer but i just write my small and worthless opinion below :)Really good and emotional game.The atmosphere is great!You need to use your resources wisely or consequences will happen (People die or you get robbed).This game is not meant to be lots of fun.Its used to show how terrible the war is and how the people are surviving in this time.The characters are repeating the same sentence really often and that makes it a little bit boring and less emotional in my opinion.The fighting system is somehow weird:You attack someone with a knife (or something else) and you're too slow to attack him and he will kill you with his bare hands...10/10 for the game and idea itselfFun 6/10 (For me)Graphics 8/10 Cool style but some small visual errors (at least for me)Atmosphere 10/10Controls Uhm 8/10Balancing 7/10
76561198077481902,Recommended,282070,17668706,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Mr.TrollSpy,One of the best survival games
76561198053517821,Recommended,282070,13730161,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rawrser,I believe the words you are looking for are '♥♥♥♥ the war'
,Recommended,282070,12979003,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,DropBoxMason,"This game at first when I looked at it I was like, ""Looks dum"". Then I bought it for fun and I was glad I bought this game. This game is so rich! The art, soundtrack, the emotions, and the mechanics of the game is so rich! 11/10 Must buy game of 2014."
,Recommended,282070,12979687,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Praetorian Gunrunner,Amazing. Oh my god I love this game.
,Recommended,282070,12979256,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Woods,10/10 game of the year
,Recommended,282070,25405276,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,softpockets,"I really enjoy this game - and I think I'm a better person than I would have thought because I can't handle stealing from/killing innocent civilians. I love it, it is beautiful and haunting. There are many different strategies that will allow your group to survive, and I love working with the different personalities and strengths of the characters."
76561198159391593,Recommended,282070,18335718,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,World Mighty,"extremely fun. dark music and story, only wish I could get through a preset game with out getting raided every night. : /"
,Not Recommended,282070,20967376,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TehBastage,"I mean I guess it's okay for what it is, but the game very quickly loses all difficulty once you hit the point that you really know what you're doing.That'll come after about 2 hours or so."
,Recommended,282070,34797162,Posted: 7 September,all,DesuFollower,"On the first night of scavenging, the game gave to meA bunch of wood and details for freeOn the second night of scavenging, the game gave to meTwo packs of meds,And a  bunch of wood and details for freeOn the third night of scavenging, rhe game gave to meThree [very hungry] bellies,Two packs of meds,And a  bunch of wood and details for free.On the fourth night of scavenging, the game gave to meFour weapon details,Three [very hungry] bellies,Two packs of meds,And a  bunch of wood and details for free.On the fifth night of scavenging, the game gave to meFive shooting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,Four weapon details,Three [starving] bellies,Two packs of meds,And a  bunch of wood and details for free.On the sixth night of scavenging, the game gave to me....Well, I decided that I've had enough of this♥♥♥♥♥♥and went to church and shoot the priest and his folks, and stabbed everyone running away to death, and praised the Satan, and looted their hideout and foundSix food units,Five smiley bullets,Four weapon details,Three [now full] bellies,Two packs of meds,And a  bunch of wood and details for free.7/10.  Can't resort to cannibalism, can't scavenge in groups =("
76561198082214706,Recommended,282070,20680363,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Oni,"Started the game:Day One : Build a bed and oven, use workbench to make crowbar and shovel, use them to clean the house of debris and search in lockers.Day Two : Keep making more stuff using the stuff I have and the one scavanged last night. I need to get more mats to do more..Day Three : Everyone is now really hungry.. guys, just wait a little and don't starve till I get some vegetables to make upgraded food..Day Four : Went to trade, but got shot and killed.. back home they robbed me, stole my food and wounded the other two..Day Five ~ Very Hungry, Sad, Wounded and Tired .. I run my moonshine distilery Like A BOSS !!10/10 would do the same again"
,Recommended,282070,16735321,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SpyroGuy,"War from the everyday civilian's point of view. You're on your own and don't expect an easy time.You can't sweat the bullets out of your body here and even if you attempt to heal yourself the positive outcome is not guaranteed. Your body is fragile, both physically and mentally and even though killing someone for the survival of your group may seem like a usable alternative in that very second, the way this experience scars your soul or the fight's result potentially making you unable to be any useful to your group are very real risks, heavy enough to be considered before acting in any way.All in all, this game's major strength is it's atmosphere and the way it handles it. This isn't just some saddish story telling you about the horrors of war and making you feel sorry for the people having to endure such an event.You actually get to experience the day-to-day struggle of civilians as they desperately try not to give up hope and/or die even though the world surrounding them would care less for the life of some civilians.A truly great survival game indeed!Also greetings from Hungary, 11bit studios! Thanks for using Omega's Gyögyhajú Lány in the game's trailer, it really did capture the spirit of the game without using any actual gameplay to begin with. :D"
76561198012160186,Recommended,282070,13263739,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dr. Rockso,"Love this game.  Huge replayability factor and amazing graphics and sound.  Don't let the 2D fool you, it's amazing.  This is a game unlike I've ever played, and it's an absolute gem.  One of my top favorite ten in the past decade, hands down.BUY THIS GAME!!!"
76561198002666133,Recommended,282070,34656591,Posted: 1 September,all,Puppy,"While fun and engaging, its ""game-iness"" ultimately undermines the title's central thesis: that war is no game."
,Recommended,282070,21253265,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,DiiDii,best 2D game ive played in a while
,Recommended,282070,18457497,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,0Bennyman,"When playing this game you should understand what the game is and how it plays before doing anything otherwise you will end up like me and stabbing a man as they slept thinking they would kill me and then to stab another man as they ran towards me only to find out they were harmless and I just cold bloodly murdred 1 man while fataly wounding the other and causing my character to go into deep deppression, I never thought making this sort of mistake could make me feel so bad as the game creates a very strong connection between you and the characters. Though even if these men had been stone cold killers you will still face depression from commiting such acts as your group aren't hardened criminals but weak, damaged and scared survivors. In the game you will spend every moment making sure your group is fed, warm, well rested, not sick and not bleeding to death. Every decision you make has a consequence whether it benefits you or destroys you, one wrong move and your entire group can crumble.Probably one of the best games I've played in a very long time and definitely a game you will remember long after playing as you remember the sacrifices you made and the hardships you endured but hopefully your group will persevere and make it to the end.10/10 Fantastic game that keeps you gripped until the very end, if you have the money BUY this game, it's worth every penny."
76561198076089290,Recommended,282070,25465081,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,✝ stecen ✝,"I mean, its interesting, it draws you in. but its very difficult to survive for too long. and i dont mean have enough food or medicine, i mean like survive and thrive. Its difficult to raid sometimes but overall i liked the game, i just didnt get as many hours into it as i expected"
,Recommended,282070,28735786,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,🎃HAUNTED DINGDONG🎃,I had to let a kid's mom die just because I didn't want my parter to die.why does this have to be so sad.
76561198007793334,Recommended,282070,27754854,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kaledvoulc'h,"Fresh take on gaming, and they stll put out updates even though it is an older game now."
76561197976961021,Recommended,282070,33944160,Posted: 1 August,all,Good Lunch,"""Please don't take my wife's medicine""Lol"
76561198146933791,Recommended,282070,13870429,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Cuhrie,Atrocities and unbearable things you have to do is what makes a game full of regretable decisions and feels. War isn't all it seems; it's worse at the homefront than in the battefield.
,Recommended,282070,16989524,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,seagull,War. War Never Changes.
76561197994947653,Recommended,282070,24745651,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Major_TORMENT,"Never before have I experienced a game which makes you care about the characters so much. I really wanted them all to survive every time, but it's just not something you can easily control, and you kind of have to make the best of it.The portrayal of a war torn city is convincing and devastating. This is a really beautifully made game, but totally harrowing. You will be emotional, but the emotion will most likely not be ""joy"".I would *definitely* recommend it. This is one of the most innovative and astonishing games I've played in years."
76561197973424627,Recommended,282070,12988718,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,CaptainCheerios,If FTL and Don't Starve ran off to Eastern Ukraine and had a child and it came outsideways...this would be it!
76561198004022855,Recommended,282070,25311577,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,maldorf,"A good survival game but the replay value wasnt that great for me. I finished one scenario and had a great time doing that. For replay though, the sites you scavange may differ as far as when they get revealved when but the sites are the same each time you play. Some sites may not show at all but there seems to be a bank of sites built up and then the scenario chooses from those. I am not sure if the loot is random but the mobs inside each site seem to be set and you know what youre up against before you get there. Once you get a good gameplan in the first scenario all you have to do is try and repeat that again on subsequent scenarios. I started a 2nd game and ended up getting bored and stopped. It would be nice if they randomized what people were in each site.The game itself runs great and keeps you on your toes. I enjoyed the strategy and how you cant save progress. When someone in your group dies you really feel it and killing somoene out in the field feels just about as bad. For instance, early on I was scared of anyone I bumped into and I ended up killing an elderly man in his home. The characters get depressed and you have to deal with that."
76561198060014267,Recommended,282070,30738983,Posted: 25 March,all,Jaina,"Shut up and give them your money, you will not regret it!"
76561198064865053,Recommended,282070,30532802,Posted: 15 March,all,BabyUnicorn,150 hours. That's all you need to know.
,Recommended,282070,31433269,Posted: 28 April,all,MPO,"Makes excellent use of presentation, mechanics, and the gaming medium to convey its message.  Interesting and gripping."
,Recommended,282070,30303348,Posted: 3 March,all,jetztkommey,You have to dive into it completely to really experience this game and if you do it is definitely something you will never forget. Truly amazing.
76561198078659345,Recommended,282070,30889593,Posted: 1 April,all,woozer44,I only had to spend $10 to get depression
,Recommended,282070,31017368,Posted: 8 April,all,Kaspar,"This War Of MineThis game is an absolute joy to play, to the emotional story that slowly comes to your knowledge day by day or the touching and dark messages left in shelled and destroyed buildings it gives you a unique perspective on the horrors people can cause, good or bad, because through my experience of This War Of Mine you only meet good people and bad people, people that want to kill or help.10/10 for:-Gameplay-Graphics-Individual Experiences"
76561198035428170,Recommended,282070,29903920,Posted: 13 February,all,Recon,"You suffer through the day with all of your survivors ill, wounded and depressed, you try to collect some supplies from the deserters in the ruined villa nad you get crashes all the time after killing the 3rd one..."
,Recommended,282070,29930862,Posted: 14 February,all,derrysan7,Just one more day and then I'll sleep*20 days later 4 AM in the morning
76561198085466853,Recommended,282070,30112489,Posted: 22 February,all,Panda,This game will test your feelings.
,Recommended,282070,30483502,Posted: 12 March,all,Flincy,"что ж за игра такая? всё время обдумываешь свои поступки после совершения в этой игре, хотя тебе провизия должна была быть важнее, но надо и не забывать что ты не один пытаешься выжить. у тебя должна быть хоть капелька человечности при убийстве человека, или же при воровствену игра такая моральная, надо обдумывать свои поступки перед совершением, да и вообще не убивайте в этой игре беззащитных людей, а то плохо будет"
,Recommended,282070,16545955,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,REM1X,"AMAZING, You get so involved u may cry when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan.COMES WITH FREE SOUNDTRACK TO!!!!! Great Music!"
76561198038745845,Recommended,282070,16543882,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,dainiska,"In windows 8.1 64-bit, running the game in windows 8 compatibility mode solved alt+tab crash"
,Recommended,282070,34778276,Posted: 6 September,all,DEMON OF BACARDI,"A good survival game, download it :D"
,Recommended,282070,34834872,Posted: 9 September,all,Shahan7091,gret gem
,Recommended,282070,34409811,Posted: 21 August,all,felaia,Very different from other games I've played. Very challenging with characters that grow on you. It's difficult to just try to survive and not care about the people and situations you find at night when you are looking for good and materials to build things.. or ignore the ones who knock on your door looking for help as well.I also purchased the children dlc and it adds even more realism and toughness. It breaks your heart when they cry and are broken when a loved one is not healthy or if they have been hurt during a raid at night.Highly recommended!
76561198387878407,Recommended,282070,32612291,Posted: 21 June,all,Not_healthy,"btw ur game crush easily some how just crush in the sudden , ofc if u can try to have a auto save so if the same crush in the sudden u can just save the progress thanks"
76561197991023520,Recommended,282070,32614549,Posted: 21 June,all,Willy Ink,Awesome game!
,Recommended,282070,23744253,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FabioJSPereira,Escelente jogo. Não é caro e garante uma boa diversão !
76561198115454189,Not Recommended,282070,27293805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cub28,"This game would be great if it wasn't chock full of raids with everything NOT leaning in your favor. The characters are always hungry, work they're♥♥♥♥♥off and get tired all the time. This game is more of a task/struggle than a fun game to play....I can't catch a break! I scavenge in new areas only to find out that it belongs to good people. So I end up leaving them be but can't just simply go to another spot on the map so the who night gets wasted. Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t if you ask me. If the devs would have allowed some minor changes such as traveling to other spots and not being hungry/tired/sick so easily then maybe I'd have fun playing it."
,Not Recommended,282070,27921156,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SAFR,"♥♥♥♥ing abysmal.This game is not fun.This game take a lot of time to kill your characters.This game is unsightly to look at for extended periods of time, which I guarantee you will have to do to play this game.This game is heavy on resource management and RNG. If you don't enjoy games that constantly give you♥♥♥♥♥♥and tell you to make do (like Pandemic), you will not like this game.This game is bad at stealth combat. If you enjoy enemies phasing through two floors to shoot you or failing backstabls and getting brained, by all means pick up a copy.This game is 'atmospheric'. If you happen to have empathy, it might crush your spirit. If you don't, like me, you will be bored out of your ♥♥♥♥ing skull for hours.If you want to watch yourself slowly die, spend that 20 bucks (or 4 if it's on sale) on a mirror.TL;DR: Don't play long games that aren't fun."
76561198152078679,Recommended,282070,29032343,Posted: 5 January,all,Supreme Leader,"Fantastic game, filled with moral choices, resorced based gameplay and story, that depends on the player. Really changes your perspective on war."
,Recommended,282070,28905516,Posted: 1 January,all,WhiteZe,"This War of Mine, a game which has been labeled ""Brutal, hard, hellish"", but in reality when playing yourself, you won't be facing any real problems. It's a game that can be played by all players, from the casual to the hardcore, and I doubt anyone will be playing drastically different from others anyways, since there isn't a lot to be done.Besides that, it's some fun to be had.The game is based around day night cycle.-During daytime you are supposed to craft items for your characters to use during night, such as lockpicks to open up locked areas, or wood for warming up your shelter during a cold night.-At nights you are supposed to go and scavenge areas for resources to craft items during daytime as well as to keep all of your characters fed.You can find many characters with different abilities midway trough the game to come onto your team for help.Some are good at scavenging, since they have larger inventories and move quieter or faster, and some can fight better since they are tougher and more skilled, making them deal more damage and be able to take more damage.When you are scavenging during nights, you can get into a lot of different locations and scenarios. Some can have moral decisions for you to be made, and some can just be places for you to loot.Unfortunately the emotional aspect of this game is really not there for me, making nothing I do really matter for me. While I did gladly avoid stealing from innocents, if it came down to it I really wasn't afraid to do so.The most negative thing about this game is how buggy it is. Sometimes your character can freeze mid combat and not move despite there being nothing to stop him, and sometimes your enemies can get stuck at places when you are trying to be sneaky, blocking you in and making your escape impossible. Besides that, it's a pretty good game.If you are thinking of a good way to spend your weekend, then this would be a good choice. 8/10(5 to 15 hours of gameplay depending on how quickly the war ends and how much time you spent during days and nights, I played it trough twice within my 14h of gameplay)"
76561198031251146,Recommended,282070,25438302,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,IraqVet,"This is one of the best amazing games i ever played that really immerses you in the game.From the environment to the challenging aspects of survival there is plenty of restarting the game and being with fresh scenarios and survivor outcomes. Hvaing to deal from the civilians point of view is engaing and hard by itself without the answer being always kill everything in sight. While you could do this very few survivors will be ""ok"" with just offing people and will become depressed and sometimes leave (sometimes alone or take much needed supplies with them !). The price is ridicously cheap for its imense game time and i highly reccommend this game and the Devs who have done fantastic work!"
,Recommended,282070,25645022,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},real life survival game
,Recommended,282070,21656403,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ZA WARUDO,feels like in war
76561198161596414,Recommended,282070,29691986,Posted: 4 February,all,wasted_soulless,"One of the most amazing concepts I have ever seen in a game. The atmosphere, the art style, the player engagement everything is just on point. Although it's kind of a point and click, you will get lost in it once you have started playing. The game induces feelings, mostly bad and depressing but it has it's moment. A great game indeed."
,Recommended,282070,30866894,Posted: 31 March,all,ArtisticFace,"Great game, I've loved playing it because the pacing and game play match very well. Its easy to mess up but its also very easy to win when you start getting the hang of it. I dont find myself replaying games often because they dont have a lot of replay value but this one sure does. You get to make your own story of survival with your own custom characters or preset characters! Overall a mellow game.A good side scroller/survival game with interesting side stories and characters! 10/10 will keep playing for those managable achievments."
,Recommended,282070,32032336,Posted: 28 May,all,TheDarkEra,"I enjoy playing this game because of it's sort of Post-Apoclayptic scenario. The desicion making make's it even more of a challenge which I do enjoy and micromanagement. Also this game has another attribute most game's similar to this don't have, and that's sort of a free-rome. You're not forced on a single area. You can go out to different location's and loot, kill, and trade. What really make's this game a good one to get personally is because in my perspective and tastes, I love the Open World, Survival, Apoclayptic game's and this is one of many I enjoy."
,Not Recommended,282070,25971814,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Bob,"This is not bad game it is just not my kind of game. I bought this in the sale when it was cheap but I’m really not sure why, even a skim read of the store page makes it clear that is not the kind of game I would enjoy.The game aims to capture the harsh realities of civilians trapped in a war zone trying to survive. Having never any experience of war I have no idea how accurate it is but dear god this is grim. I started off with the good intentions of scavenging resources and staying out of trouble but this game will not let you get away with that. Before long you will be starving and you will be forced to die or steal from other innocent people. But when you start doing that everyone’s moral drops and everything spirals out of control. By the time my last character killed themself I was equally desperate for an end to the misery. Most games have a fairly simple moral choice system, press A to kill all the children, press B to save all the children, that kind of thing, but not here each moral choices come down to die or screw someone else over. The game also doesn’t bribe you to help others in the same way most games do. In your standard RPG if you help someone out then you will likely get a flaming spam hammer of♥♥♥♥♥kicking or similar as a reward. Here you might get a trinket or such which you can trade for a tin of beans to stave off death for another day but usually if you give a kid some medication you will just get a sense of well being that you helped someone (with a slight sense of trepidation that they might come back and rob you later).The difficulty of this game prevented me from enjoying it but I’m not really sure I’m supposed to enjoy the game. There are a number of mods in the workshop to reduce the difficulty but most of these have been broken by game updates so I started tinkering around with the modding tools and only succeeded in completely removing any challenge or satisfaction to the game.I played through the game 3 times and it does get somewhat repetitive cycling between scavenging and crafting. The locations and characters in them are the same in each playthrough.If you are looking for a fun game this is not for you, if you are looking for a dark, difficult, stylish looking game that will draw you in with the struggles of the characters then this is it."
76561198090448470,Not Recommended,282070,26225467,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,"Hey, That's Pretty Good!","This game has potential, but with clunky gameplay, weak narrative, and a serious game breaking bug made me quit playing. The gameplay is point and click which is fine, but none of the game is explained to the player. As the game progresses, more information is unlocked about each of the survivors, but that's most of what we learn about the character. Doing things in the settlement takes time, but there is no way to fast forward time progression beyond jumping to night. This is a massive oversight. The game boils down to a resource management simulator that lacks depth. Finally, every time a device connected via USB was disconnected, the game would instantly crash and I'd need to repeat that same in game day. These are just my experiences with the game, but many others love it so don't consider one opinion to be representative of everyone's experience."
,Recommended,282070,34906910,Posted: 12 September,all,Abrid,"Playing your first game in a nutshellDay 1: Get supplies from shelter, feel good.Day 2: Go looting, get good supplies. Nothing can go wrong.Day 3: People start getting hungryDay 4: People start getting sickDay 5: People start getting sadDay 6: Run out of basic materialsDay 7: Things start going down hill. Yelling at survivors to not be sad.Day 8: HOW DID THIS END UP SO BADLY?!?!Day 9: Everything is getting looted.Day 10: Everybody is ded.Would let everyone die in a little over a week. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13754632,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MAYHEM99GAMER,"First off, I have been waiting for a game like this. I not one of those games when you kill people for money or experience. I where you have to work together with your starting surviors and survive the war and not get shot. I like when you start off you game two people at random are picked and one will be slighlty wounded (need a bandage). And one will slighlty ill (need meds). Also every 1-2 days a person will come and knock at your door saying ""I need help"", ""Want to trade"". ""Can I stay here"" and so on and so forth. So far this game has been my best game to play for the past two days and i cant wait to play it some more. I highly recommend this game if you want to learn the other side of a war. The side the suffers in pain."
,Recommended,282070,22884790,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Phil,"This is very good, I didn't mark work for a whole week just to play ho ho ho"
,Recommended,282070,12983717,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Max Attax,One Best Games I Played This Year original Design and gameplay Makes you really thing about how war affect the pepole insed of the soldier's Am on Day 6 Right now and its getting very hard to make bad moves i walked in one home full of food warter and building supplies but thing was they was two pepole in there very old pepole around 60/70 yeasr the man told me his wife was sick and needed Medicine and i really needed the food but cuddint bring my self to steal from then so walked away and now i reallty really need food :OI Would Recommend this game as his its Unique Original and just plan Amazing Try it for your self you not be disspointed
76561198036246176,Recommended,282070,24083087,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LordE!,-Traded pills for saw blade-Cut tought metal bars to get to their house-Took all of their things10/10 Would trade again
,Recommended,282070,24835954,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Cheech,Day 10: One of my buddies died of a gunshot wound in his sleep.  Other 2 dudes are starving and depressed.I'm addicted.
,Recommended,282070,24807162,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,aegistudio,"I've played this game since two years ago, and purchased it on summer sale.The game is about a group of critters living in a shelter, having to scavenge the city and even murder other people.What I appreciate most is that people in your shelter are not cold-blooded killers, they'll feel guilty when killing others, upbeat when helping others.They seem to have their personalities which can even influence your mood. The game developers do show their craftmanship.Pros:+ Challenging gameplay.+ Emotional gameplay.+ Detailed depiction of all characters.+ Well-structured game mechanism.+ Fancy graphics.Cons:- Long playtime.- Few tutorial, difficult for novices.- Ungainly control.- Wtf is the achievements talking about.BTW, I've found and confirmed a bug. If you enter 2nd floor on the dormitory in the outpost,  there'll be a crate having with a mail (or a diary?) on it. You could break this crate to gain wood and fuels, and it will regenerate every twice you re-enter outpost. (I found it for I can't carry everything in the outpost in a single trip. :P)"
,Recommended,282070,18420216,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Zane,"This review is more aimed towards the experience you might achieve rather than the various gameplay mechanics and whatnot.If you ever wondered how it would be like having to survive in a war/conflict zone then I think this game will give you a quite good idea about that. Survival is not just about physically surviving a war, it's also mentally challenging and realising you're not alone. Those three aspects are very well represented in this game, rather than just one or two of those like in other games.Each person you meet, kill or rob from has their own story prior and during the war. With the exception of certain encounters to help other citizens or notes and writings on walls in the various locations you don't get to know those stories because game-wise they simply don't exist, they're not scripted in. But due to the immersion I have and the vibe I get from this game while playing I often imagine what those stories could be like.Each action you do at the locations you visit can have an impact on your characters mental and physical health. In other games the decision whether or not to kill or go fully stealth defines the way a player has fun in that game. In This War of Mine it defines the player's personality. Sure enough if you play multiple sessions/runs in this game then after a while you might play more objectively/rationalised, but I'll never forget the first time I played this game and how♥♥♥♥♥♥I felt when I killed and stole from other people from the first time because I had to survive.This game is perfectly excecuted in every way and presents very believable scenarios that could have happened before and will happen again in times of war."
,Recommended,282070,18416569,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,KND | PapaCam,10/10
76561198113277817,Recommended,282070,18422548,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Truthbender,"This is not just a game, it's pure art among other things. Every time i play this game something different happens and with the last update with new languages and new ways to write your own story, just turned this game one of my favorite ones."
,Recommended,282070,18424448,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Zeal501,"Day 4: Supplies are adequate, but running low on medical items.Night 4: Looking for food and medicine, but all I can find is wood and spare parts.Day 5: Two kids come up to my survivors asking for medicine to help their sick mother. Have to turn them away; make it my mission to help these kids ASAP.Night 5: More wood and spare parts. No medicine.Day 6: Have to turn kids away again. Getting worried that I won't find any medicine.Night 6: Finally found a small amount of medicine.Day 7: Show kids medicine, but it's not enough. Turn me down until I find more.Night 7: Find just enough medicine for the kids' mother.Day 8: Kids come up to door. Give them medicine. They reject and ask for help moving their mother's body out of the house. Mfw I missed it by one day.Night 8: Mfw I find a hospital with literal tons of medicine.10/10 - Would cry over kids' dead mother again."
76561198047888525,Recommended,282070,18427828,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,BlazingImpolitepanda,Amazing game
,Recommended,282070,32635003,Posted: 21 June,all,Es el Sam xd,This freaking game  man... Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198013555148,Recommended,282070,16987201,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,terje439,"Get it now!Seriously.This is a gem of a game imo. It is not a game you should play to just race through, instead take the time to read the information given by the characters, and the clues they find in various locations. It sets a grim tone. Grim indeed.The game can be customated as you please (adjustting settings for severity of conflict, length and severity of winter, arrival of winter as well as which chars you play as, or even make yourself), something that adds to replayability, something that is a great plus in my book.Graphics might seem simple, but they actually help (again, imo) set the sombre tone of this game.This is a game that does not glorify war and violence in any way, it is about the people. The people that were there. The people that survived. Can you?"
76561198025394635,Recommended,282070,13012122,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Really good game, since its rogue-like, you may want to think twice before doing something risky.Good atmosphere, gameplay, graphics and price.I would like to see those voice-acting that were in the trailers but it's ok, even without the voices it desires a 10/10,"
76561197991751665,Recommended,282070,13138109,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,I-Know-My-Rights!,"Amazing game, difficulty curve was perfect for me. You being the game knowing what you'll need to survive. It isn't too hard, in the beginning I was deciding where to scavenge, how to sneak around. Late game though, you are trying to survive. Simply survive by any means necessary. |The game poses the question of how far will you go, there are moral choices that go along with the game. Your characters will feel them as well. I ended up looting an elderly couples house clean in the late game because I was on the brink of death. I was suprised when my character became depressed after he stole from them. Choices like this are everywhere. You also don't know who's friendly and who isn't. There were cases I was suprised i was not shot on sight. I've gotten very lucky by being allowed to leave, but the flip side is there are Npcs who will shoot you to take your one can of food. The ending pieces together your journey of survival, it relives some of the great/horrible things you've had to do to survive. One of the best games in terms of a drawn out survival game. 9/10"
76561198013132245,Recommended,282070,15300728,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,huminado,"Even after playing this for only one hour - the game begins very dark.  Then it goes from dark, to gloomy.My guess is that it just gets worse and worse, especially if you take on more people.  Part of this is an artificial limitation the game (AFAIK) imposes which only allows 1 scavenger to go out and collect stuff each night - which limits how fast materials can be acquired.BUT this really isn't a game that centers on gameplay mechanics.  Instead, this game is all about ATMOSPHERE, and projecting into the suffering people are forced to endure around the world right now in war-torn countries.So hopefully the outcome from this game is that more people will get involved in some way to help reduce human suffering.I think that begins by having a sense of empathy, and hopefully this game can help develop that sense.  Because everyone to varying degrees lives in their own little warzone.  Some have better tools to cope, and others have very few resources.I personally strongly recommend meditation as a tool for finding a restful quiet place, and raising awareness of other people's suffering (just by having bigger ears).  So I'm not sure this game can succeed at raising empathy, but I think the developers have done a good job at exposing war a little more for what it does to innocent people, regardless of which ""side"" they are on.  War breaks down economies, and so people starve and try to survive.Pros:+ Very gloomy, but for the purpose of raising awareness of world-wide suffering brought on by war.Cons:- The game does a poor job communicating the rules to the player.  I tried to build 3 mouse-traps, but only 2 are allowed.  If you're going to make a gloomy game, at least make the UX adequate to keep player's from getting distracted trying to figure out how the game itself works!  ""0 of 2"", ""1 of 2"", ""FULL"" to the workshop UI would do - this is a major pet peeve of mine with games - designers don't take the time to explain the rules of the game to the player (and the player doesn't know if this is a bug, intermittent, will be fixed in next release - nothing)."
76561198039278118,Recommended,282070,18401552,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,eatmywords,"In incredible game, that will seriously test your ethical values. If you can bash in the heads of a 70 year old couple for the sake of one tin of food, then you will undoubtedly survive the apocolypse."
,Recommended,282070,13368250,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,The 3 Kingdoms,"This War of Mine might be the biggest surprise for a game I have ever played. Graphics arent the very best, but for what the game is doing, its the best it can be. Gameplay is almost as perfect as it can be too. The game really isnt that hard, but it can be hard to get to the end of the War if your not careful and take your time. I would recommend this game to anybody who like a challenge or like to play in a war game from another side of it. Would love to see more DLC for it."
,Recommended,282070,30784343,Posted: 27 March,all,Great Hero J,"I cannot begin to describe the grip this game has on you when you play it. It may be a full fledged game, but in my opinion is also an experience. If you like survival/simulation games but also want a story, this game will do wonders for you. Rather than being merely another shooter where you gun down wave after wave of armed foes, this game shows the real impact of war - not just on those fighting one, but those caught inside of one. Definitely something for all to try out."
76561198102761464,Recommended,282070,14754277,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,JediKnightSky,"17 hours to see the end of the war. It wasnt an easy road my little family of misfits walked. It was one that left them stretched to their limits many times. Some days barely enough strength to even stand or a will to keep going yet I drove them on like a merciless and maybe in theirs eyes a malevolent force.It seems a life though at first littered with trouble for the first 19 days, then in a moment of tragedy 2 soldiers cornered Marko who though armed was unable to kill them before he was shot down.This hit the rest hard. Things got bad fast, supplies started to thin out, the wounds of boris made sending him out risky at best and the only hope seemed a cottage with an old couple Id been avoiding. I was desperate and just hoping maybe they had some medicine, bandages, and food they would trade for a sizable amount of moonshine. Boris carried a knife, boris was wounded, sick, very hungry, and very tired. These old people seemed to have it all and were unwilling to even consider trade. Boris lashed out at the old man who tried to stop the taking of what was so badly needed back at home.The old man ran then, and hid down in the basement. the old woman ran upstairs. Boris was in a rage then and just wanted the screaming to stop. He lumbered slowly after the old woman who managed to stumble ahead fast enough to get upstairs first and hide in a room at the end of the hall, but eventually Boris found her, and made her stop screaming forever. Eventually he found the old man and let him go join his wife.The supplies where amazing. 3 days later Boris hung himself. It got real hard after that. Bruno seemed to endure it all even when he was at his limits he kept things going, kept the booze brewing which helped everyone fight off the depression.And then day 45 the war ended. It was over when it seemed no one was going to make it.This game is brutal, it will make you feel something almost certainly at least the first time you play through, and the money for playtime for even one play through is fair price."
,Recommended,282070,20243147,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Daddy Warbucks,"You control a group of survivors during a war. You start out at your home base and spend the first few minutes scavenging your surroundings for material. Once you are out in your little space you go and attempt to find more in the world. As you do you will find random events and as you progress your group will slowly grow in number. The hard part comes when its dead of winter, your people are starving and the only place to get food is a house that has other survivors in it. Its up to you do you wait a bit longer and hope your group stays strong and survives or do you go out and murder others to get what you need. If you choose to murder be ready for the repercussions. Repercussions in this game are not like in any game I played. In here you do not get a wave after wave of enemies, or have people boo you in public. No in this game its your group and how they deal with killing others. The people will get depressed and they will stop working. In this game the people will break and leave till you have nothing left. This game is my first India title I got on Steam. The graphics are interesting but nothing amazing. The sound is their but nothing amazing. What carries this game for me and got me to invest 49 hours is the game play. I learned a lot about myself playing this game and how I would react under pressure."
76561198006472014,Recommended,282070,23353273,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ozzye,A good one!
76561198046180787,Recommended,282070,23331512,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,PetrolPatrol (Genji),You can get pretty depressed off of playing this game. The problem with that is your playable characters usually get depressed when you get depressed and then everybody dies.
19833754942098024,Recommended,282070,23334735,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,YOU GOT A HOLE IN YOUR LEFT WING,pack yer bags and lunches kiddos.you\'re going on a feel trip.
,Recommended,282070,25471850,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,D R U,"Boy oh boy, what a fantastic concept, what an amazing idea for a story/game, and how they made it all come together makes my chest heavy. I absolutely love to hate it - and by hate, I mean I feel the emotions of this game & of the characters, the atmosphere & the sadness that it envelopes.This War of Mine is a magnifecent, if not groundbreaking, new style to the genre. I really can't put into words how to describe it other than a visceral escape into a war-ravaged city. Everything you do has consequences, and you won't be prepared for anything. Not only do I find myself feeling emotions about the actual game, I find myself contemplating about the entire aspect of life for those trapped in cities such as the one in This War of Mine. Kudo's to the dev's, especially for the fact there's donations to people surviving in war zones.If I could offer any feedback, it would be that I would very much like to see this game in the futre become a 1st person survival game, something along the lines of the fallout series. The turn-based ""Night"" & ""Day"" atmosphere kind of left me hungry to explore more and delve deeper into the atmosphere. Although, I'm pretty sure this all adds to the actual dark, gritty, uncertain forboding fog of war it gives players a taste of, the concept is remarkable and original.I'm so glad I played this. Being a Marine Corps veteran myself and having met many people in Afghanistan displaced by war - it often leaves me sad for many reasons, and it certainly hit home. My hat goes off to the creators, you have found a fan, and someone who sympathizes with the story."
,Recommended,282070,32955010,Posted: 28 June,all,mog84kupo,"La primer noche entre a una casa y asesina a sus habitantes para robarles su comida.....mis personajes se deprimeron, bola de nenas"
76561197969687669,Recommended,282070,13176975,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Scelous,"I was cautious but hopeful about This War of Mine when I first heard of it.  I'm glad to say that my expectations were met, and then some.  Easily a 9/10, especially for the price, and I highly recommend."
,Recommended,282070,13026803,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,gorillaCHEEZ,"The Walking Dead, without zombies."
,Recommended,282070,31839115,Posted: 19 May,all,Leqii,"> Enters house in search for supplies.> House has plenty of goods.> See's figure in the distance.> Shoots at it right away.> Hears old woman shook and crying.> Panic and beat her to death with a shovel.> Realise what you just done to a harmless old couple.> Bring your depressed♥♥♥♥♥back home to make everyone else depressed.> 10/10, would panic kill an old couple again."
76561198044211768,Recommended,282070,26532783,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vicb,"The game just shows how well indie games can be done . Only downside to this game is it's short , but what a masterpiece"
76561197960344344,Recommended,282070,12984277,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,coltos,"Painfully brilliant.It got me hooked when I came by the first couple of screenshots and I am still very much hooked after many tries and a complete playthrough.It can dig up some really heavy feelings like immeasurable sadness, desperation and helplessness."
76561198086970170,Recommended,282070,13767435,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ronin,"How should I put this...This game is as Harvey Dent once said. ""You either die a hero or live long enough to see your self become a villain."" These words describe this game perfectly. Despite all the good you try to do or doing what it takes to survive, you don't live happily through this ordeal. This War of Mine is a game that shows the true horrors of the evil capable by human hand. This is why it has become one of my favorite games so far."
76561198010028624,Recommended,282070,22792510,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rocky_Rulz,"Helps connect us to what war could feel like. Great game, meaningful and thoughtful."
,Recommended,282070,13286792,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Neon Wolf,"This game has torn me to pieces!How can everything be going so well to falling completely apart within a few days? This game is cruel, and that is good. It shows how devestatingly hard it can be to be a civilian in a war torn city. Not only are you having to scavenge for basic supplies, like food and medication but you also have to ensure you maintain your peoples state of mind. Killing others, stealing from them, turning people away who ask for help and disagreements between people in the shelter can work towards destroying their mental health.I've had people commit suicide or leave in the middle of the night, never to be seen again. And the worst thing is, things were probably going really well two or three days before. Whether you get a starting team of one person or 4 people, surviving is complicated. If you have more people, its more mouthes to feed, meaning you spend most of your time looking for food and neglecting everything else you have to do. If you have only one person, food doesn't become an issue (until you get raided and they take most of your food) which means you can spend more time doing everything else that needs to be done, however it takes longer as you only have one person doing it all.I'm still to successfully complete the game as I am still to find the right balance with everything but I will perservere, I have to, the game demands it!If you're looking for a war game experience that isn't just about picking up a rifle and headshotting people, and you want an emotive experience, definitely get this game. I am in love with this game because it shows a side of war no other game has had the balls to show!"
,Recommended,282070,18382645,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Nasalathotep,"This War of Mine feels and plays a lot like Zafehouse: Diaries (still a stupid title), but with way more graphics and stuff to do... and this time, you'll think twice, before you add your friends and yourself as characters to the game, 'cause it will get really, really depressing!I love it!"
76561197989601303,Recommended,282070,25328666,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,FiD,Epic
76561198007324689,Recommended,282070,12965693,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Chorak,Excellent new approach to war and a new and great addition to PC games.
76561198025670419,Recommended,282070,16433018,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,WarWeasel,"This War of Mine is very interesting and challenging game, it is also one if you think about it more than a few seconds is horribly upsetting and sad.How many days of hunger before theft or murder become considerations? How bad does it have to get that those considerations become action? How do you feel after ax murdering an old man and his blind old wife to loot their house for supplies? Can you live with yourself after you do that and only find another day or two of supplies? Were their lives worth it?This game is horrible and convinced me to go stash a month of survival provisions and guns in my basement.Buy it."
76561198014174804,Recommended,282070,23860661,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gabriel,"Is this game any good? Well, I bought it 48 hours ago, and I've played 20 hours since then. Draw your conclusions."
,Recommended,282070,13578531,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Peace Frog,"at 1st i was like emm, then i was like waaat, and then i pulled an all nighter xDvery cool and stylish art work; offers a fair challenge and sometimes overwhelming; has elements of RPG and Turn based Strategy in a shell unique to This War of Mine; nonlinear; relevent to current global events; every character in the game is unique in terms of abilities and reactions to decision making; if your not prepared u'll get REKT by the game; mistakes  can be lethal and cannot be taken back so easily; and a word to the wise more is not always better ;)overall 8/10, a solid and unique 50hrs of gaming imo"
,Recommended,282070,35459919,Posted: 3 October,all,Renekage,Expirenced Russia in 1987. 10/10
76561198048421866,Recommended,282070,14008800,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Carpathian Conscript,"Buy this game you wont be disappointment!Its not a huge graphic heavy game but in its simplistic side scrolling and artistically sketched scenes it only helps to enhance the overall ambiance to this very unique game.This is such an interesting take on a survival game.There are no zombies, no murdering cannibals, no packs of wild blood thirsty miscreants. The game gives a very realistic take on surviving in not just scrounging for food and supplies but also making some very hard decisions with dilemmas. Help the sick neighbor who has 2 kids that cant fend for themselves or give the medicine to your sick friend to heal him? Steal food from an old helpless couple or go without food for a day or two or perhaps even starve.You really find out what kind of human are you? This game is really an eye opener, you might even learn a little abut yourself, personal ethics and morals."
76561197992260774,Not Recommended,282070,14753656,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,raven_korea,"I know that many who have played this game will disagree with me when I say that this game is limited in scope and in  challenge.  Yes, there is a horrors of war, that turn decent human beings into less than human beings.   Aside from the political message... war is bad, the game lacks depth and is limited.There is the survival aspect of the game, scavanging for food and materials.  Making makeshift tools and building things to aid in survival. Even that is limited.  Trade and bartering is limited.Social interaction is also a limitation in the game.  There is almost no interaction between the main charcters, what interaction there is very scripted and repetitive.  There is no interaction with secondary characters, although that opportunity is there if the developers wish to explore that option.The game is indeed thought provoking without a doubt, but that does not always make a game good.  I do recommend the game for the social content, there is merit in the game on that. I not recommend the game if you are looking for playability and depth.I do not regret buying the game, I only wish there was a bit more substance to the game."
76561198022263223,Not Recommended,282070,21309700,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jeandeaux,"This is one of the hardest decisions for a review I've had in a very long time.  Overall, I'm giving it a thumbs down primarily due to ""my"" perception of a lack of proper basic training provided by the developer and a community I found to be a majority of cruel fanboys.What I enjoyed:First off, major kudo's for the developing team for concieving and delivering a simulation of the realities of war, as told by the innoncent bystander.  So many war games give the player a sense of immortality and reward for senseless and mindless destruction, war is quite devistating and this simulator portrays this extremely well.  The graphics are quite good, they're crisp and clear yet dark and hazy...  perfect!  The human stories you encounter help a great deal to pull you into the story line, well done.  The activities in the game seam quite realistic for the environment and was pleased to see that fear, concern, empathy, and hatred all exist within the encounters.  Each game is different, so there's plenty of replayability in this simulator.  There's not much help in the way of instructions, no list of commands to look up, you just get tossed into the game and have to figure it out.   I both liked this and hated it at the same time.  The first day you are introduced to several game play mechanics which do an excellent form of learning the game mechanics.  You're digging, scavenging, building, breaking into all sorts of things.  You get used to the interface pretty quick, but there are several things it doesn't teach you, which brings me to what I didn't like...What I didn't enjoy:Since there are no instructions (and again, I partially like that fact), I spent a good deal of time searching YouTube for instructional videos and tips.  Enduring several hours of listening to fanboys who love to hear themselves talk on and on about the most mundane of thoughts, I was able to pickup that in the game there is combat, the ability for characters to interact with each other, a few things that help you and your group suvive.  These abilities are not intuitive in the game and appear to have some combination of setting or events to make them happen that are not obvious, I've figured out combat finally, but little else.  Despite all the videos, all that I've seen is that you need to do these things, none cover HOW to do these things.  Aside from gameplay, these missing lists of commands would be very handy when setting up a custom game.  I am unable to create one because the map requires I pick some 24 city locations and I can't get the interface to do anything more than toggle to loctions I pick and won't maintain my selection.So like many other players have posted, the game sets you up to fail and it's down right fustrating.  Having a house full of squatters/survivors you would think you could send out a large party to bring home several scavenged items.  Nope, only one person can go out for supplies a night, while the rest sit around and complain about how hungry, wounded, and sad they are.Some of the game mechanics don't quite work as expected.  Once you steal items from a location, every repeat visit by ""anyone"" to that same location is treated as a theft even if you only scavanged and didn't steal anything and further increases everyone's sadness and it's just a few runs before everyong is breaking down emotionally.Overall, it didn't take long before I felt like playing this simulator was just pointless and a waste of my time.  Despite really being drawn to the game concept, I'm just not enjoying this game and as such can't give it a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,282070,24658345,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Pelleplutt,"I don't know. I sort of like this game, the concept, the art, the overall mood and darkness of it. But it fails to entertain me for some reason. The overall gameplay is just tedious and does not really get to me the way I wish it would. That being said, the game is well done and is surely great if you get off on it. For me it is a no."
76561198041692628,Not Recommended,282070,29325199,Posted: 17 January,all,Taeonas,"I bought this game hoping for something different and interesting more than something I expected to get a lot of joy out of.  The theme is a bit dark to expect joy from after all.  My expectations were fairly low going in.  They needed to be a lot lower.Technically, the game works fine.  I didn't encounter any bugs that I noticed, and it looks good.  You can almost forget its 2D at times thanks to the art.Unfortunately, that's where my appreciation has to end.  The developers have made so many choices, clearly deliberate choices, that simply ruin any enjoyment I might otherwise get from the game.  The first one I noticed was that I can only ever send one guy out scavenging.  I couldn't understand that decision for the life of me, but I could deal with it.The bigger problem (for me) hit me soon after.  Crafting.  Crafting in this game is nonsensical.  The same materials make crowbars and water filters.  The sorts and amounts of materials you need for doing most anything are... seemingly random.  They don't change or anything, they just don't make sense.The crafting materials themselves don't make much sense either.  They clearly wanted to make things simple, and streamlined, and as some one who has actually made most of the things you can “make” in this game... just no.  Much of it is actually harder to “make” in game than it is to actually make (looking at you water filters) while other things (crowbar, for example) are far to easy to make... and break so quickly that they're clearly crude approximations of their namesakes, but work far too well for such.  I suppose that's par for the survival game course, but I still find it jarring.Crafting baffles me again with it's prerequisites.  You need to upgrade your workbench before you can... board up the gaping holes in the wall.  Uh.... no.  A rock (a rock tied to a stick is much less injury prone), and some nails you fished out of the ashes after burning some reclaimed wood will work.  It isn't fun, but it does function, so long as the nails aren't too rusted away.  (Yeah, I've done this too.  Hammer's are awesome.)So, the crafting was just too gamey for me.  If that won't bother you, then it won't bother you.Another gamey thing is how fast plants grow.  Even radishes don't grow that fast.  Maybe bean sprouts?  If so, where did the beans come from, and why didn't you just eat them?Then there's the fact that you can just start a fire, whenever... somehow.  The only way that makes sense is if you have Bruno, the compulsive smoker.  I figure he had a lighter (major currency item in under siege Sarajevo btw).  Otherwise, well, I find it hard to believe that the characters in game were all that good with a bow drill, or a sun lens, or even know what char cloth is.My biggest issue with the game was the characters.  The game asks you “how far will you go to protect the people you care about?”  I quickly realized that I didn't care about any of these characters, at all.  Maybe there was some hidden info to make you more invested in them that I missed.  If there is, well, that sort of thing probably shouldn't be hidden.With some exceptions, the characters in this game are... well, they're sort of people I moved to the middle of the woods to get away from.  They don't know anything useful. They get upset about things that make no sense, and they care more about their addictions now than having food tomorrow.  I've known six year old children that would be more useful in a survival situation than some of these characters.I do find these characters believable.  I also find myself uninterested in their plight.  In a game that asks me to care, and to do things because I care... well.. it's a bridge too far, on top of the wonky crafting, miracle gardens, and solitary hero salvage runs.In the end, I just don't care, and that just kills the game, for me at any rate."
76561198102808163,Not Recommended,282070,25493101,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Hyregoth,"Thirty minutes for a perfectly healthy person to walk down the stairs...are you kidding me?Going into catatonic shock not from getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ robbed, shot, deathly ill, losing your family, your life and the world you know? No, because someone on your team came back with an item that he took from some gun toting maniac that didn't belong to him? Too bad I didn't realize that about this game before then or I would have gotten a refund. Seriously?This game is about taking things that don't belong to you. Stealing to survive? Losing your sanity over it but laughing at everything else? Ridiculous.Sounds like a very nice touchy feely game but it's not WAR. I lived through the '68 riots in Detroit, Firefights in Iraq, it's too bad that people are so out of touch with reality in this country. I can't even find a decent game or watch a movie where someone has a clue."
,Not Recommended,282070,23348117,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,sconick,"This negative review is due to the number of crashes. If it wasn't for the crashes, this game would be a 10/10. It will surely get a thumbs up if the devs fix this issue in a patch."
76561198038687296,Recommended,282070,13036350,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Gamebot,"I see many people talking about the greatness of this game. And you'll probably get to this game sooner or later.  So let's just check on some basic tips.1. When you need to kill someone, try to use stealth kill. If enemies don't come near hiding spot, lure them with noise. Frontal attack is quite risky, and it'll always cost you some injuries, maybe death. So don't risk it. If you have 2 enemies in your line of sight, you can't win that fight. run.2. I'm not sure if it's intended, or inevitable technical problem, you can't click same spot repeatedly. So After a stealth kill from a hiding spot, you can't click that hiding spot again. But there's a solution. By moving 1~2 steps from there, you can hide in that same spot again. it'll cost you only 1 sec, So you won't have any problems with hiding & additional stealth kills.3. In scavenge site, gather every materials in 1 pile. It'll save your time, and prevent unnecessary mistakes.4. As soon as game starts, build Metal Workshop - and make a Crowbar. And open every doors in your house with Crowbar. It's your 1st priority.5. You can get huge amount of Woods & Fuels by chopping furniture. So making a hatchet is your 2nd priority.6. Here are some examples about core build orders. Orders can differ due to different situations or strategies.(If you acquire 3 weapon parts)Metal Workshop - Crowbar - 1 Bed - 1 Knife - kill & rob if possible - Crude Stove (and upgrade ASAP) - Advanced Metal Workshop - Hatchet - chop furniture - more Beds - Upgraded Workshop -  Trap - Board Up(If you acquire 5 weapon parts)Metal Workshop - Crowbar - 1 Bed - Crude Stove (and upgrade ASAP) - Advanced Metal Workshop - Hatchet - kill & rob if possible - chop furniture - more Beds - Upgraded Workshop -  Trap - Board Up7. Don't make shovels. It's not worth it. You can always use your hands. And if there're many piles of rubble on scavenge site, just make a detour.8. Selection and concentration is an effective way to survive. You can take Cigarette build with Herbal Workshop, or Alcohol build with Alcohol Distiller. It's hard to take both, cause there're not enough electric parts. So make your choice, and stick to it.9. Always keep 2 guards. And sleep in the morning. Until 15~20 days, 2 guards with no weapon is better than 1 guard with gun.10.  Try not to build workshops or household items on 2nd, 3rd floor. You can build almost everything on basement & 1st floor. And there are no disadvantages on basement.11. Use beds as possible. Don't use Bandages and Medicines if it's not serious or urgent. Especially never use Herbal Medicine if it isn't desperate. it'll fail you often, so it'll also fail your plans. In contrary, It'll give you 100% reward if you sell it. Sell them to the merchant which will visit you regularly, and buy Components, and Woods from him, So you could acquire huge amount of resources without worrying about bag capacity. If you have enough Bandages and Medicines, buy also Filters, Waters, Parts, Fuels, etc.간만에 괜찮은 게임이 나왔습니다. 아포칼립틱&서바이벌&크래프팅 장르에서는 꽤 괜찮게 뽑힌 게임인듯 합니다. 아직 한글화가 안되어서 아쉽지만, 사실상 영어 대사의 양도 아주 적고, 고등학교 영어 수준만으로 충분하니, 한국분들 많이 하셨으면 좋겠습니다. 꽤나 명작이라 게임 매니아분들이 금방 한글패치 하실 거라 생각됩니다.이미 게임 칭찬하는 사람들이 충분히 많아서, 팁이나 몇 개 써놓을까 합니다.1. 스텔스 킬만 하세요. 정면공격은 위험하고, 아주 높은 확률로 부상을 입게 됩니다. 시야에 적이 2명 보이면 그 싸움은 이길 수 없습니다. 도망가세요.2. 의도적인 건지, 기술문제인지 모르겠지만, 한 지점을 반복적으로 클릭할 수 없습니다.(플레이를 하시게 되면 무슨 뜻인지 아실 거예요.) 그래서 은폐지점에서 스텔스 킬을 하고 나면 다시 똑같은 지점으로 반복해서 숨을 수 없는 문제가 발생합니다. 그런데 바로 옆을 클릭해서 1~2발자국 옆으로 움직였다가 숨으면 다시 똑같은 은폐지점에 그대로 숨을 수 있습니다. 다시 숨는 데 1초 밖에 안걸리니 문제가 되지 않을 것입니다.3. 밤에 사냥?폐지줍기?(Scavenge) 나가면, 여기저기 흩어져있는 아이템들을 한 곳에 모으세요.4. 게임 시작하자 마자 Metal Workshop - Crowbar - 잠긴 문 따기. 이것이 첫 번째 우선순위 입니다.5. Hatchet 으로 가구를 부수면 나무와 연료를 얻을 수 있습니다. 그래서 Hatchet 만드는 게 2번째 우선순위 입니다.6. 핵심적인 빌드오더 예시입니다. 전략이나 상황에 따라 바뀔 수 있습니다.(If you acquire 3 weapon parts)Metal Workshop - Crowbar - 1 Bed - 1 Knife - kill & rob if possible - Crude Stove (and upgrade ASAP) - Advanced Metal Workshop - Hatchet - chop furniture - more Beds - Upgraded Workshop -  Trap - Board Up(If you acquire 5 weapon parts)Metal Workshop - Crowbar - 1 Bed - Crude Stove (and upgrade ASAP) - Advanced Metal Workshop - Hatchet - kill & rob if possible - chop furniture - more Beds - Upgraded Workshop -  Trap - Board Up7. 삽은 만들지 마세요. 그냥 손으로 충분합니다. 밤사냥 나갔는데 돌무더기가 2~3개 보이면 그냥 우회하세요.8. 선택과 집중을 하는 게 효과적입니다. Herbal Workshop으로 담배트리를 타거나, Alcohol Distiller로 알콜트리를 타세요. 둘 다 하긴 힘들고 비효율적입니다. Electric parts를 구하기 힘든 경우가 있기 때문에.9. 가드를 2명 세우세요. 아침에 침대에서 자면 됩니다. 15~20일 까지는 무기없이 가드 2명 세우는 게 총 든 가드 1명 세우는 것보다 낫습니다.10. 워크샵이나 가정용품들 2,3층에 만들지 마세요. 지하+1층에 대부분 다 만들 수 있고, 지하에 지어도 불이익 같은 건 없습니다.11. 가능한한 침대를 쓰고, 붕대랑 약은 쓰지 마세요. 정기적으로 오는 상인한테 붕대, 약 팔아서 Components나 Woods 사세요."
,Recommended,282070,16667184,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"Awesome, only one Con, that you do not have an icon to blow the brains out of the whiney, depressed, ""broken"" people who then eat up all your supplies when you're trying to help them while they do nothing but whine until they commit suicide or otherwise thankfully DIE!!!!!!! .lol But yeah, great little game to play around in, very atmospheric and enthralling."
76561198094869237,Not Recommended,282070,32770987,Posted: 25 June,all,WBT,"I wanted to play this game, but it just crashes on first click... each time I open the game and even after reinstalling it."
76561198193333867,Not Recommended,282070,32789981,Posted: 25 June,all,Davidtrbj,it dosen`t work :(
,Recommended,282070,24372653,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,EQOAnostalgia,"A fantastic gaming experience! About the only negative thing i can say about this game is that i wanted MORE! I wish it lasted longer. When the most negative thing you can say about a game is you wanted more of it, you know they did everything else right!I love the atmosphere the game has, the music is phenomenal and really sets the mood. You feel the risk v reward when you scavenge, your decisions have weight. This game will make you feel things you didn't expect. It has a decent amount of replay value but third time around i'm pretty much done.Once you master it, which doesn't take more than a couple playthroughs it's pretty much all she wrote. I hope they make another one and add more depth to it and more campaigns/settings. I can see this growing quite a bit in a sequel. Very much worth the money and a STEAL during a sale."
,Recommended,282070,16399343,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sloth,"I went to scavenge and a man asked me if I had meds for his dad. So I stole his hatchet and beat him to death with it, I proceeded to kill his sleeping farther with the very same axe. I ran for the exit and went home. Everyone was very upset about my killings but said I did it for them (I didn't). I was a bit ashamed but I had a taste for blood and now scavenging is just a name for my phsycopathic axe murders. 8/10"
,Recommended,282070,16389871,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AHappyT-Rex,"This War of Mine is a Point & Click War Survival game that is set in a harsh and dark City, in This War of Mine you are tasked with helping survivors survive War in a way that has never been done before, instead of give you control of a Soldier, it puts you in control of a civilian in a war torn city, you must survive the Winter and other Raiders, while also trying to scavenge for food and other needed commodities, This War of Mine isn't an easy title to play and takes time to master and hosts a RNG (Random Number Generator) mechanic that makes replayability possible and can last you around 8 hours per playthrough.You start off with 3 randomly picked survivors with randomly picked statuses that can be very punishing, there is events that happen everyday ranging from a Trader coming to trade with you or people in need of help, with each event also comes impacts to your group of survivors, trade what you need and they will become a lot more happy, turn down someone who needs your help or someone dies and your group will start talking about it based on what you have and the reason you had to turn them down, for example, if you get asked for medication for someone dying and you have the medication, based on the circumstances, your survivors will start to talk about it, if you have medication and you're in need of it for your people, they will say how they wish they could have helped, if you didn't need it but still declined to help, they will begin to talk about how they should have helped the people and begin to talk about the actions of the person who told them no, if you killed someone the person who did the killing will be upset and the other survivors will begin to talk about him killing someone, he will begin to talk about how it could have been his or their lives, ""Did I have a choice?"".Everything you do impacts how your game progresses, make the right choices and you may end up killing yourself or becoming lucky, make the bad choices and you may survive or your group may commit suicide, steal, kill and even run away, you will be raided a lot if you are not careful and set up guards (I recommend 2 people guard), Raids have 4 possible outcomes, You may defend your site and come out without a scratch, you may defend and come out injured, you may die and have items stolen or they may just steal your items and leave you injured, death has a huge impact on your survivors so it's always best to make sure you look after each person the best you can.ProsA beautiful sketch-like art style.Music that fits the games style and mood.Easy to learn, difficult to master mechanic.Crafting.Trading.Like-able characters that you actually care for.Positive and Negative outcomes for everything you do.Dark story to fit the games mood and style'Addictive with a range of gameplay styles, Stealth, Guns and looting.ConsNot much content, what you see is what you get.Not enough random events.This War of Mine is truly a brilliant game that is both addicting and fun, it is unique and emotionally catching and will leave fearing for the safety of your group, this will have you playing for hours on end and is replayable as it has a RNG mechanic, the game will set you back £14.99/$19.99/€18.99."
76561198030954380,Recommended,282070,12992279,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,teoleo,"yes, good game, i hope in future update"
,Recommended,282070,23333034,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,mark,After playing 2 hours of this game i have killed died got depressed and hid in a corner stolen greived killed innocent people helped my freinds from killing themselves tried to get meds but died Overall i give this game a 10/10 for depressing me and making me think about life.
,Recommended,282070,19812416,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,kolkazadrot,Страшно...
,Recommended,282070,25493096,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★☆☆☆Manage your Sims around a 2D house, as they sleep, cook, eat, and craft.  Then send one out at night to loot, with lite stealth and even liter combat.  Fail every few hours and retry.  Tolerable time sink when on sale for $5, but not an impressive must-play, and overpriced at $15, especially for a mobile game, but at least there's no micro-transactions.+ Intuitive UI+ Mod Support+ Persistent looting+ Decent progression+ Interesting locations to loot+ Interesting trading mechanics+ Navigation AI and day/night mechanics+ Playthroughs offer minor variety with different characters, bases, and loot locations+- No follow cam+- Blinking photo faces+- Colorless squiggle filter+- All achievements are hidden+- Weak, overly artistic, graphics+- Game only saves when days start+- Hard to tell who you have selected+- Plot Twist #1, the game isn't about zombies+- Plot Twist #2, clearly designed as a mobile game.  Taptap+- Limited placement areas, and things can't be moved once placed+- Most information is presented as flavor text, instead of numerical data+- Alt+Tab in fullscreen breaks the game, windowed mode doesn't handle it much better- No tutorial- No multiplayer/coop- Hard to tell when in suspicious areas- Combat ruins the game, hope you never have to use it- A single mistake or streak of bad luck will waste hours of grinding- Have the entire team on guard duty.  ""We should put more people on guard duty.""  YeaOK.- Locations must be looted multiple times.  The first time is exploring, the 2nd time is freely grabbing stuff, every time after that is redundant and more tedious each trip."
76561198133845992,Recommended,282070,16671272,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Blitzwing,"This is not a game, this is an Experience.After some failed starts, you realise that to survive, you must keep it down and the game really asks your moral.Kill an innocent NPC for food to Finish the game or Starve."
,Recommended,282070,13849211,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at sale price (<15€)similar games: Papers please, Simstarget audience: people who are open to all kinds of gamesOn my first playthrough I thought this game was okay but not really worth playing. The combat is not interesting, the scavenging is time consuming and sometimes frustrating and the managing of your stuff was hard. You have to make hard choices and sometimes you will be punished very hard, but it teaches you, you get better. Also because of this it is very rewarding to pull off a very risky scavenging run into hostile territory and steal some very valuable things.On my second playthrough the game was much more enjoyable and I was eager to make my people survive the war. The game wasnt that emotional for me as for some other people even if I robbed people or if I had to kill someone, because the mechanics are so dull it often feels like ""yeah whatever"", but I wasnt completely emotionless. What I liked were the comments of your people and their ""diary"" entries, however they repeat themselves really fast and most of the time it was very predictable how everyone will react anyway. But sometimes the diary entry reveals something about the character´s past which was interesting to read.The game tries to motivate multiple playthroughs by unlocking new groups of survivors you can start with under different conditions, but after my 2nd playthrough where I survived the war I think I saw everything this game has to offer and have no motivation to start another playthrough. Still, I got 10h playtime out of this game which is fine (which is alot considering its an Indie game), but games shouldnt be judged based on their playtime anyway."
,Recommended,282070,28940691,Posted: 2 January,all,RIS00,I am sure to recommend this game.10/10
,Recommended,282070,25425994,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,NASTY CORNDOG,"An underrated gem of a game. This makes you feel what it's like to be in a war zone, and survive(or not).This game brings you on an emotional journey through the city of Pogoren. Do you decide to help others? Do you decide to intervene when somebody is getting molested or get some loot instead?Do you steal from others to help your own group? Do you kill?I picked it up in a steam sale and it was worth every penny!MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,282070,12981106,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,"It is I, Sir Skellingtons","""Dear diary. Today, I beat two homeless men to death with nothing but my speed and my fists. I understand that these people are suffering as I am, and they were simply trying to defend themselves from my stealing, but I couldn't help but giggle like a little girl all the way back to the base."""
,Recommended,282070,25472556,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,THEDARKNIGHT77,GREAT GAME LOVE IT. I  LIKE THE SURVIVLE GAMES
,Recommended,282070,15146298,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Rex,One of the best games i've ever played.
,Recommended,282070,20176299,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,S.Soyalic,"An incredible game... the choices to stay at night or scavenge makes me feel ""this is the day""...."
,Recommended,282070,32644929,Posted: 22 June,all,PlacidSaucebox,this game is pretty gucci
,Recommended,282070,23902126,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bunderella,"I was unsure of this game when at first, but i took a gamble and purchased it. Boy did thet gamble pay off! I love ""This war of mine"",not only is it super easy to play, it offers a wide variety of struggles and challenges. There ar eloads of places to explore each with a different variety of skill needed. i give this game a huge thumbs up."
76561198054068147,Recommended,282070,15164926,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fyrop,"This game is an excellent terrible person simulator, 11/10 would steal from virtual old couple again."
,Recommended,282070,14821149,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,APA.minds,"Indeed ""This war of mine"" has a sad feeling through out the game which holds you up till the end (It also develops your attachment with charactors you are playing with which not many games are able to do now a day).  I have been trying to find correct words to describe this game,  Simple interface and incredible gameplay surely shows you the amount of effort developers actually put into this before releasing this beautiful piece of art ."
76561198143531111,Recommended,282070,20519646,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,noob-wowooooooo,"a really nice game,what will you do in the war?for yourself or just care about others?that follows your mind.it's nice to be a good man,but sometimes you have to kill others or something if not you're gonna die. so be good or bad just follows ur mind"
,Recommended,282070,12987199,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Xevious,''Eastern Ukraine Simulator 2014''10/10
76561198156711209,Recommended,282070,23379110,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Zenith001,The soundtrack comes free with the game. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,25469114,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,XXxMalcomXxXXMLGMLKAFKJFK!,What is aleppo?
,Recommended,282070,23745268,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,NimrodGenocide,"Do you have feelings?Do you like to feel mostly positive feelings?Are you prone to feelings of guilt or remorse?If you've answered ""Yes!"" to any or all of these questions, then this is not the game for you!  However, if you're a sociopath or otherwise devoid of feelings, then totally pick this up and rediscover those long lost feelings!"
76561198073948945,Recommended,282070,14153332,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,phillips.hdp,so....sad...now picture the caraters as kids will u like it then?
,Recommended,282070,28737304,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,nose long like garden hose,"a homeless man said ""good evening"" to meI beat him to death with a shovel10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13716561,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,J4MESOX4D,"This War of Mine is an interesting take on the popular but packed survival genre and it really stands out as a game that's unique, ambitious, atmospheric and touching despite being played out on a 2D side-scrolling backdrop. It's a very impressive title for what is a very simple concept.The game sees you taking control of a three-man team planted in a safehouse in the middle of a war-torn and depressing city. The house is your safe haven away from the dangerous outside world. In the daytime; you control your characters to craft, sleep, scavenge and protect the property but when the night arrives; the game comes alive as you will prepare and take one of your team into the world to loot for supplies and liase with fellow surviors of the war. The map contains several locations you can visit from other houses, schools, churches, warehouses, hostpitals and even brothels. On your travels, you must use your time wisely to search for essential items and make tough decisions on stealing and possibly having to harm fellow humans in the same position as you. Bandits also lurk in these vast locations so you have to approach each situation and location with considerable care for your character.If you survive your trip; you complete a 'day' in the game and return home to distribute your collected loot including medicine, crafting items, food, drink and other goods. Your character may be extremely tired so you can put him/her to bed and take control of a different person to sift through your scavenged stuff and prepare for the next night's trip. This is just one typical day of an ongoing cycle in which you must scavenge, survive and maintain the well-being of your team physically and mentally. As the days pass; loot can be harder to find, your characters may become more and more disillusioned with the trials and tribulations of war and keeping them alive within the difficult conditions and in respect to bandits roaming can get tougher and tougher. It all makes for a truly absorbing and challenging title.This War of Mine isn't without it's problems though - there is no 'endless' mode so on completion; you may not feel motivated to play again as you've essentially beaten the game. The items available and crafting probably doesn't go deep enough either. The combat can be a bit cumbersome and in terms of the locations available to visit; there probably isn't quite enough. It is a big game that could keep you occupied for many hours but there is a chance you could have seen it all very early on in terms of everything on offer. Replayability is certainly questionable at this time.Overall; this is a fantastic game at a very generous price. It's a survival game that distances itself from the typical zombie-oriented titles that plague Steam these days. Not only is this centralised around war as opposed to an outbreak; the artistic 2D backdrop is a truly unique setting along with the basic but easy to use mechanics. Longevity and content may be an issue but even if you get 10 hours out of this game; it's a fantastic purchase and a great concept."
,Recommended,282070,26550962,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lord Marsden,This game geniuely made me disgusted when stealing from someone who I know needs it more than me or from killing someone who did nothing to me but is just primal instincts. This game is beautiful in many diffrent ways. I promise you if you purchase this game you will not be disapointed!9/10 (If it had a better combat system it would be a 10! )
,Recommended,282070,23743033,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,dustyy,love it
,Recommended,282070,25481882,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Captain Cautious,"Great game, found it great to kill some time and get sucked in until you realise you've been playing for an hour. Really interesting with many different aspects and easy to understand crafting system unlike other scavenger games."
,Recommended,282070,23757790,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,zeekstey,Very accurate Donbass simulator. I like it.
,Recommended,282070,28795766,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Obama Bin Laden,Its pre good
76561198200429237,Recommended,282070,23950840,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,daweedsmoker69_420,heyyyyyyyyyyyy  this game is prety good
,Recommended,282070,24072249,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sliver,Just get it.
,Recommended,282070,16345884,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Uncle Dave,"This game will tear your heart out, then force your survivors to eat it.It's pretty f*ckin metal"
,Recommended,282070,23328282,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,brad3wheeler,The feels
76561198024285809,Recommended,282070,13729866,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jennifunnn,"I got 1,9 hours, but i have played the pirated version before it got released. So i really have like 100+ hours.But i bought it to support 11 bit studios.I don't even know where to begin with this review, but i feel like i need to say some stuff to the devs.  They say they read the reviews so let me just say my thoughts.This game is absolutley awesome, it's clearly one of my favorite games.   But the game makes zero sense sometimes.Let's say you looted a house with 2 elderly people inside and you did some horible things(killed them). And when you come home from doing terrible things, your survivors will be like ""Why did he have to kill those people""And that is true and all because killing innocent elderly people is pretty brutal, but when you open your like dairy.  The same person that said ""Why did he have to kill those people"" says ""I don't care how i got the supplies, i saved lifes"" And that i have a really big problem with.  They will say diffrent things in dairy and gameplay.I don't know if i explained that good but i hope you understand.Next thing is similar. And that is that you can't play as a bandit in this game!  You are always the super nice looters that is expected to not kill or steal anything.  And that is a big issues aswell, becuase some might want to play as the bandit.  But you can't because if you would kill people in this game, your survivors would be go Depressed and Broken.  And when your survivor is Broken, you can't control him. And he will most likely to take suicide. I want to have some new surviors to play as, and make some of them dangerous and serial killers! :pSPEAK:Make it possible to like speak with other survivors when you loot.  Like Skyrim talk, you chose like ""Get out of here or i will kill you"" or ""Do you need anything? Can i help?"" Because i think that destroys the game that you can't speak to other surviviors.Thanks for making a great game 11 bit studios! but please, fix these problems.And one more thing. Make the game longer! It's so sad to make it to the end. :("
76561198084104324,Recommended,282070,16278313,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Butter Cat,"This game is great it shows the fear of the war and the hard things that come in war who, To scavange, Or who to protect the shelter, this game is unforgiveing but sad at the same time so i recommend this game."
,Recommended,282070,14156485,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GreenHaam,"This game is unforgiving.At around day 8 I had 4 people. Marco, Bruno, and Pavle are the guys and zlata was the girl. everything was going well. Marco is my scavenger man so he was always out at night scavangeing. Then i decided to go to the center square of the city which is a place for trading. And my god did i find a♥♥♥♥♥♥TON. I had bandages to help Bruno because he was injured and a gun with ammo for defense. Plus just some other great supplies on marco. So i decided to check out an apartment building in the same center square and turns out i was not suppose to go in there. I got out before the guys got trigger happy. But I wanted some more supplies and went back in. A guy found me and pulled his gun. I started running. I got out of the door and was running for the exit. I was home free! But there was another guy who was with the guy after me. He turned around and gunned marco down. I lost all the supplies. the gun, the bandages, everything he had. I was shockd at how it went from calm to a♥♥♥♥♥♥storm in mere seconds. I lost a good man that day. But that's not even the part I'm still thinking about. After marco died, Bruno went int a depression because he lost his friend who he was with at the start of the war. So Bruno is on the verge of suicide and I don't knoiw who will continue to scavange. I decide to try out Pavle. He becomes the new scavange guy and we are ok on food. But not medical supplies. And we don't even have much protection at night anymore against raids by thugs. So eventually Zlata gets wounded and bed ridden. We have no supplies to make any bandages and I am being forced to steal from people just to help my friends. It's all going downhill. So then finally, on the 15th night, both Bruno and Zlata are bedridden and cannot guard the place while i scavange. I pray that we don't get raided tonight and that they don't die of their wounds. I then send Pavle off to the construction site. It has food, medical supplies, and snipers. Military snipers. Who kill anyone on sight.  My only weapon is a shovel. I take the chance and head in. I make my way to the top of the construction site. I am getting many supplies on the way up. But no bandages. The one thing i need to treat my friends. I go higher up the unfinished building. I can hear the snipers. Laughing as they gun people down. I am a floor beneath them. as well as a floor beneath the roof. I accidently make to much noise and one of them hears me. They come to investigate. My only choice is to fight. I can't turn and run because my friends will die if i do. I equipt my shovel and then the biggest action movie scene in any video game i have ever played happens. the first guy comes down and i ambush him at the doorway, me with a shovel, him with a gun. Luckly, Because i can swing a shovel faster than he can aim, I start to win the fight. But as this is happening, his friend comes down and aims at me. He is able to get a shot on Pavle. I turn around and hit him with my shovel. The other guy turns around and aims. *click* out of ammo. He starts to run. I turn back and hit him one more time. He is out. He falls to the ground, never to get back up. His friend, scared and also out of ammo, runs away and climbs up to the top of the roof. I follow. Pavle, now with less than half health, is slow and limping. He has taken a shot that could end his life. But he isn't out of the game yet. He came here for one reason. To get his friend's their bandages. He climbs, slowly but surely, to the roof, after the man who shot him and cost him valubale time. The man runs to the edge of the unfinished roof. He is petrified. He has no where to go. The man starts begging Pavle to let him live. That he can't do this. Pavle doesn't listen. He raises the shovel and hits the man. the man arches back. Crying, begging to live, the man pleas. Pavle hits him again. Sending the man closer to the edge. Before the man can regain his footing, Pavle slams the shovel into him, sending him off the side of the building. The deed is done. These men won't be hurting anyone anymore. I unequipt the shovel. I turn around to see a scavenge spot behind me. I open it and inside i find a single bandage. I laugh. I found what I was looking for. Sadly, it is nearing 5 o'clock. I don't have enough time to get home in the stealth of night. But I tread on anyway. The last I saw of Pavle was him limping slowly down the unfinished building. Trying his hardest to return to his friends with the supplies. If the player does not return to the exit of the map by 5, the screen will go dark and it will say that the character will take longer and may be at more risk on his return to the shelter. Bruno and Zlata didn't survive the night. The shelter was raided and their wounds were too fatal. Pavle never returned to the house. But it did not say he died either. I believe he i sstill out there. Making his way back to his lost friends. This game made me feel for the characters and not put the mouse down. I loved it. Even though I only lasted 15 days. This game is hard and, as i said, unforgiving. But it is an amazing experiance and hopefully you can get as epic as a final moment as I did. R.I.P Bruno, Zlata, and Marco. I still know you're out there Pavle. Somewhere.9.5/10"
,Recommended,282070,13003829,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Doctor_Dentist,"One of those game that you must experience before you die.You may have fun or you may not, but the experience will stay for a long time."
76561198116384875,Recommended,282070,14798261,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Deadwaste,"look at the amount of time ive played this...yeah definitly worth itedit: all seriousness, this game is really fricking good. isnt much with a ""story"" and is definatly a challenge. the goal is to make it to the end of the game with your survivors alive and everyone happy, but that may prove difficult with thugs, rebels, and soliders around. a sniper at day keeps you in your house, where youll make things like food and stuff. at night, you can loot empty houses, or go rogue and steal. you can also trade items."
76561198058479837,Recommended,282070,15718303,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,{Ѧ}GameOpinions,"This game makes you see what war is about for civilians. Instead of making your strategy about how to conquer the next enemy. Here you learn how to strategize in such a way as to conquer hunger, sleep, terror, and even your own moral conscience.I highly recommend this game 10/10."
76561198107580793,Recommended,282070,21938543,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Doge,thought-provoking game :(5/5
76561198080525310,Recommended,282070,23355451,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,LAZERFAZER,This game is literally kill who everyone for♥♥♥♥♥♥... be  nice every once  in a  while so bad♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt happen thhe end
,Recommended,282070,25855647,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Phantom Lord,"First  play the game and lose.Then play again and finish the game on default scenario.Then play on custom scenario, on maximum days, to visit all locations, get tons of guns and items, and fear nothing.IMO, nice and interesting game.Get it on SALE if you can."
76561198007227242,Recommended,282070,24550970,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BigBadYoda,"I really enjoy this game everytime I play it. The game sets a great mood and is very difficult to master. I keep reading about replayability, but to be honest, I see it more as a casual game you go back to once in a while. And with the different ""character loadouts"" that you can pick now, this is even less of an issue.So I can only wholeheartedly recommend this one."
,Recommended,282070,18688440,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Theangrytoot,This game gave me PTSD... 10/10 would smoke again
76561198161133745,Recommended,282070,16347513,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Frillard,"This is one of the more thought provoking survival games you will play. I haven't had the game for long, but it can be quite challenging to balance your survivor's needs without compromising your morals. I would recommend this game!"
,Recommended,282070,14023931,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Der 80er Spieler,"I REALLY LIKE THE DRAWING OF THIS GAME ITS SO UNIQUE AND THE OBJECTIVE IN THIS GAME IS YOU HAVE TO SURVIVE , SEARCH THE FOOD , MATERIALS AND MAKE THE WEAPON . IN THIS GAME YOU HAVE TO SEARCH SUPPLIES AT ABADONED HOUSE AND YOU HAVE TO BECAREFUL BECAUSE SOME HOUSE OR BUILDING HAVE GUARD OR PEOPLE WHO ATTACK YOU IF THEY SAW YOU . YOU HAVE TO MAKE A WEAPON TO PROTECT YOU SAVE HOUSE TO BECAUSE THEY WILL STEAL YOUR ITEM TOO . I REALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAMEREVIEW : 9 / 10"
76561198062619712,Not Recommended,282070,20224127,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Your wife and kids,ssssssoooooooooooo boring the raiding and robbing ppl are fun and exciting  dieing just makes you feel like its your fault but the day is what makes this game suck for me these sims just get sick or wounded out of no where do base the game off of what you see its easy to watch but when your the one who has to micro manage evry one you end up hating the lil sims and just hoe thy die quick so you can start again
76561198024225880,Not Recommended,282070,20204395,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,beefnpeas,"Guess this game just wasn't my style of play. Seemed like whatever I did doom and gloom always awaited me. I'm aware that the game was designed this way to show you the horrors of war, but for ""gaming"" I don't like to play when there is no progress,after a while I want to see progress in all the hard work that I've put in... but in the end everyone died and I had nothing to show for it. I guess learning that war was horrible was the ultimate lesson, but ultimately I just wanted a game...."
,Recommended,282070,15189660,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,DarkEternal,"To me, a good game is one that drags you into it and creates an emotional attachment to it. It lingers in your mind long after you exit the game and turn off your pc. It makes you want to play it over and over so you can find out what happens to every character.This game nails it in every aspect. It's an absolutely amazing game that will fail to draw a tear from only the coldest hearts.Seriously, if you aren't experiencing a range of emotions as you play this, check your pulse.This War of Mine presents itself as a survival game based on the experiences of civilians who are caught in the crossfire. As gamers, we're only focused on the war because devs have always places us in the position of a soldier/hero.Now you get to see the suffering that comes with the wars you rage. But don't be fooled. What this game is teaching you is that a real struggle for survival comes with every war. And we all to often forget the innocents who are trapped and dying because of greed and religion.I am proud to support this game and the War Child fund. If you've got the money for this game, you've got the extra 99 cents to donate to help children affected by war. If somehow you don't, go look in your couch cushions or under your car seats. You'll find it.10/10 Would bawl like a baby again"
,Recommended,282070,25463883,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Why are you running,all i want to say is♥♥♥♥ the war
,Recommended,282070,28387499,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Icecreamer,+5 to depression
76561198081932621,Recommended,282070,23749957,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kumeliukas,It's dark. And I am not racist.
76561198007465133,Recommended,282070,23768465,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Reco,"Good game, allthough a bit depressing, rather like my country leaving the EU."
,Recommended,282070,32879486,Posted: 27 June,all,bzawisza08,you can ♥♥♥♥ kids... no pedophile
,Recommended,282070,20582578,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BrotherLewis,5/5Turn all the settings down and you can play on a potato
,Recommended,282070,16373699,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SpacerZ,I punched an old couple and stole their cigarettes. 10/10
76561198030980450,Recommended,282070,17368254,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,emotional ride.
76561198141045738,Recommended,282070,28530131,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ryder,its lit
,Recommended,282070,35458438,Posted: 3 October,all,Mia,"It's not a game, it's an experience."
76561198048929027,Recommended,282070,26587032,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,One Ring,Great survival atmosphere which makes you feel it through your veins. A 'must play' one.
76561197991349005,Recommended,282070,22787204,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gablamy,cool game
76561198036283180,Recommended,282070,22774258,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,AdamCosby,It's pretty cool
76561198137831726,Recommended,282070,24044510,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HUSKY™,"OMG U MUST HAVE IT JUST U MUST GET IT,,     GREAT AMAZING AND ALL THE BEST THIS WILL BLOW YOUR MIND"
76561198006585372,Recommended,282070,24048158,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,malpractice.nz,just a fantastic gamebrilliant
76561198011827366,Recommended,282070,13272617,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,will,i like the art its all sin city like.
76561198122656243,Not Recommended,282070,34364470,Posted: 19 August,all,BIGGER BOOT,"It is a lot of fun, but there is a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥that's broken. The devs have acknowledged issues with the achievement system for the DLC and there are a lot of things in the game that are bugged. Bugs I have personally experienced include, but are not limited to the following:-Not being able to unlock particular achievements even though I have met the criteria-Being penalized for killing military soldiers (there is a morality system that influences your characters and it penalizes you for making immoral decisions, though you are not meant to be penalized for killing military soldiers)-Being penalized for stealing from thugs (though you can avoid being penalized by returning the day after you kill them, for which I have also been penalized for at times)-I've been attacked by civilians at the church for digging up a pile of refuge (I was certainly surprised when the priest came after me from halfway across the map)-I have not personally experienced it, although there is confirmation that you are able to steal from some civilians without moral penalty-I returned once to my game and one of my characters was no longer listed in the lower right corner along with the others and one of the characters was depressed and implicated that the other died in the night. This was strange because another character was saying that she wished she could feed him, and I had received no actual notification telling me that he had died-I once backstabbed an enemy and after killing him and looting his body I ran into his adversaries and to my surprise, he rose right the ♥♥♥♥ back up and shot meI can enjoy the game, but the bugs make it extremely frustrating at times. I have a lot of hours put into this game and am really disappointed that the devs haven't fixed so many of the bugs that are still present. I'm most certainly not the only one who has experienced these bugs either; a lot of these, along with others, are confirmed on the wiki. If these bugs were fixed, I could recommend it, but the game still feels like it is in beta in all honesty."
,Recommended,282070,35223830,Posted: 26 September,all,Desmight,"It's good.Score: 8,5/10."
,Recommended,282070,15140870,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Fight Milk,This game is really fun but I can't bear to play it because it's so depressing.
76561198131783870,Recommended,282070,14142071,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Respawn,this game showed me how much of a horrible person i am.
,Recommended,282070,23337796,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,"[FC] Nebchan, Anime Man","The game is absolutely brilliant.  easy to pick up, hard to master.  I still haven't won, but its loads of fun to come back to every few months"
,Recommended,282070,25606294,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,stramanor,When you start in winter.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,282070,24175884,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jesse-Star,Very realistic and tense in some parts!!!!
76561198079813528,Recommended,282070,27254596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkShadow369,"This a realy good game, whit a lot of things to do. I am realy happy bcs they decided to create this game."
76561198139177014,Recommended,282070,16834019,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Socrates,"A very depressing game about a group of survivors trying to well... survive during a war. I woudnt say it is ""fun"" but a very well made game. I complaint I would have against this is that it gets tedious after the first wekk or so when you have everything setup. This game really delves into moral situations that represent hard decisions. Do you steal from the homeless to feed yourself, do you help boys with a dying mother? These are some moral conundrums that you face in this wonderful game."
,Recommended,282070,28810189,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,the arm chair,amazing game
,Recommended,282070,17759831,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,A Chloroform Scented Candle,Beat a man to a pulp with a shovel in his own house for a carrot. 10/10 Would bludgeon the elderly again.
76561198020284183,Recommended,282070,15526507,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,4D chess,Very entertaining. Very well made.
,Recommended,282070,20179475,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jim bob,really cheered me up when I was feeling down. Very well written game. play it with your kids!
76561197987849134,Not Recommended,282070,20198632,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jakob,Completely broken on Linux.
76561197979093208,Recommended,282070,16489500,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bhikshu #Back2Basics,Murdered a civilian with a shovel. Discovered that shovels were overpowered. Murdered a thug with the shovel. Took his knife and murdered his friends. I am the night.
76561198129973089,Recommended,282070,18377945,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Gladitor,Beat an old man to death with a shovel for a can of food and two planks of wood.10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,282070,18378591,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Tills,"Bought this game as it was on sale and must say I'm impressed.My first feeling when I loaded it up was that it wasn't what I expected but after roughly 2 minutes of play I realised it was better than I thought.  Unlike other war games, this is a gritty survival story which gives you a lot of options, some good and some bad, for example I felt incredibly guilty as I beat an old couple to death while they begged for mercy just so I could have their valuables to trade with.10/10 would brutally murder old couple again with my bare fists."
76561198006399674,Recommended,282070,13053728,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,kompromat,"Wow, so where to begin?This War of Mine (TWoM) places your small group of survivors in a run down building for the duration of a war that's taking place as a setting in the background. You and your companions are victims of circumstance and don't actually affect the outcome of the war or take part in it, you're merely trying to survive. TWoM frequently asks you to make difficult decisions in order to survive. To what lengths will you go to keep yourself and your friends alive?This War of Mine is a bleak game and very moody. If I had to boil the game down to a gameplay description, I'd say that This War of Mine is a resource and risk management game with survival and stealth elements, base building, worker placement, and heavy theme; but it's so much more than that. Every decision you make comes at a cost. Everything you build costs resources and your nightly scavenging excursions can only bring back so much. Do you build a build for everyone, or do you hot rack and sleep in shifts? Should you trade your medicine since it's worth a LOT, or do you give it to Katia, who is developing a cold that may get worse?I knew this game had a hold on me the very first time I played it. Winter had set in by about day 28 and food had become even more scarce. We had resorted to trapping rats in our hovel for a meager amount of meat every few days if we were lucky. Marko, our best scavenger, had been shot and killed while looking for supplies and it made the rest of us sad and scared. We had come to rely on him for bringing back what we needed every night. Bruno, our cook, froze to death in his sleep shortly after, as we had already chopped up all of our furniture for fire wood and had run out. His death sent Arica hurtling into a deep depression, which ultimately ended in her committing suicide.TWoM starts with a random group of 3-4 survivors (randomized each time you start the game anew) each with different skills and potentially different vices as well. Some of the skills I have seen so far include 'good cook,' 'trained in combat,' and 'runs faster.' Some skills seem more useful than others and some I haven't found a use for yet (if there is one). The vices I have seen so far include 'coffee drinker' and 'smoker.' The vices affect a survivor's mood. This makes each playthrough different and challenging because you might end up with a very difficult spread of skills and vices to manage. The game also starts in a random season (hopefully not winter, good luck with that).There is no handholding in TWoM, nor is there a tutorial. That said, I never felt like I needed one. The UI in TWoM is simple and effective, elegant even. You always know what you can interact with and how. There is a great deal of trial and error here, in a good way.The game is separated into two phases, the day and the night cycle. During the day, you basically assign tasks to your survivors in real time (and the clock is running during this phase, but I wouldn't say you feel rushed by it; I've always had enough time to complete the goals I set). Maybe you want to build a still to produce liquor for trading (or consuming), or build a bed so you don't have to sleep on the floor. You'll do this in the day phase. Also during the day phase, a traveling trader might stop by to barter with you or a neighbor might come asking for help. You can choose to help or ignore these people. Sometimes people will show up asking to join your group. These are decisions you must weigh carefully, as they will be one more mouth to feed, one more person getting sick that needs medicine, et cetera. But they might also bring something valuable to the table, that is up to you to determine.You can build a lot of different things in your shelter and everything you can build can also be upgraded with very few exceptions. Some of the things you can build include rainwater collectors, a radio (that works), a still, an herbal workshop for rolling cigarettes (to feed vices and also to trade), a metalworking table for making weapons and tools, and lots of other things.When night falls, you are tasked with deciding who gets to sleep (and where), who should stand guard (if anyone), and who will go out to scavenge for supplies (and where). Other survivors can raid your shelter, so if no one stands guard, there's a good chance they will steal some of your things and this should be avoided at all costs as they can run off with a LOT of stuff if given the chance. Even if you have guards, there's always the chance they can be wounded in these raids. When you decide where to scavenge, you're given a set of locations to choose from, each with a description of what you might encounter there so you can come prepared. A bombed out school may indicate you should probably bring a shovel to dig through rubble piles more effectively. A military outpost may have goods for trade, or they may shoot on sight. There's always a risk everywhere you go. Available locations change over time, as well, with new locations opening up, and some closing due to the war or inclement weather. As far as I can tell, these are heavily randomized for the most part as well.There is combat in the game, including stealth kills and a cover system that I have not experimented with too much yet as I try to avoid combat as much as possible (it's super deadly). Most tools can be used as weapons (crowbars, shovels, axes) and you can also find and repair firearms or trade for them occasionally, but ammunition is rare (but can also be crafted with the right facilities and components). Again though, what are you going to give up to be able to craft your own guns? Heat in the winter? A safe place to sleep?I can't say enough good things about this game. My only complaint, and it has no bearing on the game itself, whatsoever, is that there are no mod tools (yet!). It seems to me that it would be very easy to add new locations, characters, and things to craft with mod tools and extend this great game even further.I paid $19.99 for this game at launch and feel that it is worth the price. The moral decisions you are faced with alone are compelling."
76561197977760058,Recommended,282070,23813222,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cheese202,"tried to knife soldier in back of neck.. best supply runner filled with bullets.. everyone starved.. 5/7, would knife again"
,Recommended,282070,28807330,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,† R.I.P. 2017 †,9/10
,Recommended,282070,28392584,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jajo,So awesome!Possibly the best 2D game i have ever played
,Recommended,282070,19318790,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Cr3amP1eDad.TTB,yolo
,Recommended,282070,23611962,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,supernaut,Got up to night 17Decided to go to Sniper JunctionTook PavleMade it across safelyUnblocked door in sewerGuy gave me some free stuffLooted the rest of the placeClicked on the underground pathPavle runs onto streetGets killed69/666 - Spongegar
76561197974671850,Not Recommended,282070,25538313,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,acabtp,"Boring, frustrating and difficult.  Is that the point?  Not sure"
76561198072019857,Recommended,282070,13338626,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Biostalker,"I was in 2 minds about buying this as I hate indie games with a passion, but I have to say, WOW! What an awesome game, I got sucked into it and survived for 14 days, not bad for a first go. I was almost late for work because of this game, even if you hate indie games as much as i do, give this one a go you might like it."
,Not Recommended,282070,28843374,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cortland,"It's just a very basic crafting/survival game with a dark theme. Nothing to praise about this game, it's just too basic. If you want to ""feel"" go play one of the walking simulator games."
,Recommended,282070,14792217,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,PyRhUz,I found this game a starnge unique adventure that i wasn't expecting. It was really interesting and had a cool style to it. I would say that this game is something that i would recomend picking up.
,Recommended,282070,12986407,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ThereIGo,"If you're looking for a good, long-lasting survival game, this is it. Gameplay is nice, and you really do become attached to your characters and the home you build. I enjoy the level of immersion and I think that the different view of war is very cool, so many games flash guns and soilders but this game is different, and to me I think it's a very cool concept. Definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,282070,15894647,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,scape,"An amazing game about the hardships of surviving a war, the feelz train is coming in ;-;"
76561198121728266,Recommended,282070,16603764,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fireman,"Has the survival of Minecraft where you craft and scavenge for resources while having the war theme pasted over it (it isn't a blocky world btw). It's a game you might as well play if you're bored of Minecraft. High replay value, great music, gameplay that can make you sweat, overall, it's a very great game. Might as well be the best game I've played in a very long time. Although I wish there was a speed up button. The time waiting in the game just makes me want to do something else whileI wait.10/10, reccomended to those that love survival games. Or if you like games with a atmosperic feel to it.Try this game out yourself, it'll be worth your money.P.S buy the game when it's on sale, bought mine for half the price ;)"
,Recommended,282070,15396622,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Demon,"Wow, just wow.First my only critisizm so far is that the left and right mouse buttons are the same, I would much rather one be dedicated to screen movement so I wont accidently send my people running away from where I just sent them.I had no idea what I was getting in to. But I love it!I've never had a game reach me at an emotional level like this game does, it's not some faux desicion like big daddy but rather a real choice you have to make. Burn the book or read it?I was creeping into the supermarket, I hear voices in the next room so I spy on them a bit.  A man with a gun appears to be guarding a female as she rumages around.  They are conversing so I assumed they were friends, I decide to take what I can with out calling attention to my self, that is until he tried to♥♥♥♥♥♥her.  Before I knew it I was hitting the AK-47 weilding monster in the back of the head with my shovel, oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ He didn't go down the struggle is real, he shoots me but I manage to drive my shovel into his neck before he can kill me.  The woman had long run off, so I collected some cans of food and limped home.This game ... This War of Mine."
,Recommended,282070,29962352,Posted: 16 February,all,Alp,Nice game !
76561198070368394,Recommended,282070,24062401,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,mad_ocean,One of the best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,282070,13697380,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Effenheimer,"Wow, just wow.At first it seems a little easy, you start ransacking everything and have more than you can carry but eventually the scarcity and danger kicks in.  You quickly run out of relatively safe places to scavenge and now have to make some hard decisions about how to handle your resources. Do you try to develop your own meager food supply chain? Do you attempt to produce meds and moonshine in an attempt to trade for what you need? Do you start arming your group in preparation of defending against and taking from anyone?  Whatever you choose, your situation never lets up. The war continues and you have to scrape out food and supplies both day and night all the while trying to manage sickness, hunger, injuries and mental fatigue of your survivors.A well made survival game!"
,Recommended,282070,13946843,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,VeryCoolCat,The games good but its too limited that destroys replayability.
76561198005666370,Recommended,282070,25508233,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ax3,"Buy, BUY, BUT IT!HAD MY DOUBTS, within 5 min my thoughts had changed.LOVED IT!"
76561198015232429,Recommended,282070,13297159,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,jamma203,Oh aye
,Recommended,282070,16650198,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,xN8,"Awesome game.Its really frustrating doe because a lot of things take some time,Really fun game, recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,20121805,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jparra07,"Amazing game, I hardly recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,13160803,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kris,"A challenging and fun game that doesn't spoonfeed you with endless cutscenes, tutorials and pointers. The game is a lot like ""Don't Starve"", graphic design aside.It's war. You have to survive, you have to learn from your mistakes, otherwise you die. Simple as that.Great atmosphere, very depressing (hey it's war), decent graphics.My only regret is that the game is a bit too short (makes sense for the price) and the replay value isn't that high (there's an element of randomness but not that high to warrant more than a handful playthroughs).I'm hoping to see a much longer sequel or expansion/DLC allowing you to survive much longer (some kind of sandbox mode à la State of Decay). One can hope!Anyway, I highly recommend the game."
76561197980660115,Recommended,282070,28658497,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,V8,Just wow
,Recommended,282070,13225537,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,JEZA95,If you love survival horror games than this is a game for you!! it gets a little tricky later on in the game but that just makes it more Immersive!!
76561198090284066,Recommended,282070,25460496,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Slumped over sand castle,i personlly bought this game on 9/11/2016 and for some reason while it was loading it would just be a dark screen so far i havent been able to play because of the dark screen problem and its a big disapointment.(But im not saying its a bad game it looks fantastic and has a good sence of plot).
76561198008466299,Recommended,282070,12959015,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,harmandi,"I initially was sceptical about getting this game as I am not a big fan of survival mode games. After reading some of the reviews, I decided to give it a shot.This game is unbelievabley immersive and allows you to make very tough moral decisions. Most of all, you learn about the consequences of war on normal civilians and how it affects their mentality.I survived 16 days and given the sandbox nature of the game and its replayability, I am definitely going to give more shots at it.I cannot recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,282070,16582808,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Truffu,"From my two hours of experience on TWoM, I can say that this is already one of my all time favourite games. It is a very emotional game full of tough choices for survival. Choices such as whether or not to rob old people blind or to turn away children in need of desperate help. It is one of those games where you can sit at your computer for hours wondering what you had just done."
76561198176795838,Recommended,282070,14916532,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Desu Vult,"Gameplay-wise, it's fairly simple. Over time you grow used to the atmosphere and everything just lowers into background music. Essentially Sims in wartime on day and a stealth game at night. This game has great atmosphere and is so good at making everything look bleak, although it lacks randomness and needs to be a bit more rougelike to make the gameplay a hell lot more interesting and unpredictable.A word of warning however, your FIRST FEW games will be the best ride on the ""feels train"" in this game and every other playthrough will just be another objective survival game.Needs more content though."
,Recommended,282070,17380426,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Zombie.Owl.777,"it makes you think and feel diffrently , certain decisions you make could lead to depression or death, its a challenge to decide whether to steal from the old couple to just about escape from starvation and watch your people suffer from depression , or risk death trying to steal from bandits with rifles :O ,brillianty designed game ^^ 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,21093042,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Turburas,"A very captivating game about a war going on and you are in control of a group of survivors looking for a way to survive. You must do 3 things to ensure this: Get food, keep up happyness, and sleep. The artstyle is very nice in my opinion, and the overall feel of the game is great."
,Recommended,282070,30634873,Posted: 20 March,all,Ax1sr.,可以 游戏很好玩，战争的残酷现实暴露无疑。
76561198084675745,Recommended,282070,21056819,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,gingerninja69,its alright
,Recommended,282070,21088058,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Oodrye,Dark game.
76561198040541935,Recommended,282070,14502246,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Crys.Fire,This game is not for those not good with handling stress and depression. A well made game that is hard and has decent story around well a good story around is something we need. I like this game with all my fingers. Everything I can say about it is more or less a spoiler. All that i feel is good to say is that you will feel that this game is worth the price tag it has. So to everyone who is not a braindead pidgeon enjoy this realy realy good game.
76561198024617953,Recommended,282070,13401938,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Mr.GoogleSearch,YIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,282070,21670262,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TheTowerDefender,I wish this game was irrelevant
76561198120288010,Recommended,282070,16613081,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ÆRO,"This game will test your humanity, and trust me, I had done some terrible things that could have been avoided; the guilt hit me hard, i mean murder is one thing, but the fact they admitted no harm was troubling, I had acted on impulse. This game reflects on the choices you've made pretty well within its characters. Definitely recommend to those looking for something that shackles mentality and if you've played/seen 'The Last Of Us' I'm pretty sure you'll get far in this game."
,Recommended,282070,16523055,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Whinelikebears,"This War of Mine is a game about survival. It is unique, putting you in the spot of controlling a group of civilians trapped in a war torn city. Many threats, such as snipers, bandits and soldiers await. If you think this game is about killing, your wrong. Its more about survival, group management and micromanagement. Use your resources wisely. Is that new gun really worth all your resources? Perhaps you should build another animal trapper instead? Who should eat tonight? Do I really want to steal from this old couple? Even if you end up doing cruel things for your parties own good, they will be guilt driven, often becoming too morally sad to do anything. A great game about the struggles of ordinary citizens trapped in a war environment"
76561198064233493,Not Recommended,282070,25585858,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,liveoneut,"Orange circle fest!!!This game is a loot lover's paradise.  The art design and concept are fantastic however the gameplay is nonexistent.  I couldn't get past 30 minutes of walking around collecting supplies and watching orange progress circles (which indicate various tasks being completed).  It's a shame because this game has a really great feel and the music is superb.  If you enjoy loot gathering games, this one is for you; if not, steer clear."
,Not Recommended,282070,25529318,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ACEd MILO,"I really loved Sheltered and I hoped this game will be lot better than it but this game sucks, Sheltered is way more better."
,Not Recommended,282070,25516708,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ubrix,Not my taste
76561197999796664,Recommended,282070,25435567,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,slickdaddy,very cool. Was very addicting
,Recommended,282070,25457587,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jaap,Great Game.
,Recommended,282070,25454449,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Oseri,One of the most dramatic games Ive played you will get the feels playing this
,Recommended,282070,13600824,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Watermalone,"This game should be renamed to ""This Feel of Mine"".The game slams you into the middle of 3 survivors and the game randomly decides what debuffs or buffs they have for that instance. In my case, one survivor had a bad wound and the other was sick.At night time you have the choice of who to send out to scavenge, guard the house and sleep for the night. The game allows you to approach any situation how you like, within reason.Such as, if you kill someone your character will become depressed or ""broken"" because they didn't like the fact they had to kill someone for the last tin of tuna or ""can 'o' beans"".Pros:OriginalHas an open storyNice little secretsGood graphicsNice play styleCons:Sometimes unfairUnforgivenSometimes If I tab out and go back in i get ""Mode not supported""Rating: 9/10 would die again"
,Recommended,282070,12946355,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,CmdB,Probably the most interesting and challenging survival simulator I have ever played.  I am not a big fan of the 'ant farm' building style but this game presented it well and more importantly made it a subtle part of the game play.  This game fully deserves the good reviews it has recieved.  My rating is 8/10.
76561198154370390,Recommended,282070,16642259,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,floridabum,"Great game, played it for 11 hours now and still think it's got a lot of playability. Although it would be cool if they added more content and maybe more updates because I can imagine it'll get old after awhile. Got it while it was on sale and I think it was worth the money.My favourite characters by far are Pavle, Roman, and Marko.8/10"
76561198271143686,Recommended,282070,22076268,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Guldhaagelaren,"""In modern war... You will die like a dog for no good reason"" - Ernest HemingwayThese are the first words that are introduced to you in ""This war of mine""In the beginning there are 3 friends who have band togehter to survive the cival war in the city of ""Porogen"". You controll these 3 people. You will have to build and fortify your shelter to live through the hell of war. During day time you will be at home building, trading and eating. But by night you will send out a person to go scavenge in the ruins of the war for better building supplies, weapons and food. In some houses you might find a fellow surviver. How you deal with them is up to you. Kill them in cold blooded murder or self defense. Trade with them. Steal from them. Or leave them to survive the same hell as you're experiencing.Your people ain't some kind of super fighting rambo. Combat will resort in injury. You are just a normal human who is trying to survive. When the winter comes you must keep your shelter warm to prevent sicknesses and hypothermia.Your people have sanity and in desperate times the human mind might not be as strong as it always is.""This war of mine"" is an awesome experince whether you survive the war or not. The game stands out. You are no rambo. No hero. No super human. You are a human. A human who gets to experince the hell of a war. Humans will do anything for survival, and this game shows a good example of it."
,Recommended,282070,18836045,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kruse :P 🔥🔥,Fun game
,Recommended,282070,13150414,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,THE_PRUSSIAN,"My friend found me crying in my room, and on the computer screen and he found that my chrachter Bruno had killed himself, my friend lauged and told me how stupid I was......then I killed him...and took everything he owned.Doctor says I am suffering from PTSD after playing.-420/10 Would Bruno again"
,Recommended,282070,15154188,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Hoaas,This War of Mine is an good exampel on how the war actully are for the civils. It gives us a feeling on how it is to surivive in a civil war.I recommend this game beacuse of the idea and the gameplay. I also like that they have put story behing the different character`s. This game is indeed 10/10
76561198092210379,Recommended,282070,15157190,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Sammy,Really fun game you get to♥♥♥♥♥♥20 gurls 10/10 -fuc u ign
76561198080198867,Recommended,282070,16375812,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LaftyTafty17,I love this game. It's a little difficult but that's what maskes it interesting. The artwork us beautiful and the mechanics are great. I've only got 4 hours of it played. But that was all in one sitting. Definitely reccommend to to anyone who likes a good story. Games always show war from the solider point of view. But what about the people and communities affected? That's exactly what this game does. Shows a glimpse of a world of survivors trying to live in a warzone.
,Recommended,282070,13499200,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KiLL3r,Amazing. Gripping. Terrifying. Depressing. A must play.
76561198056645429,Recommended,282070,13861488,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Karl Stefanovic,I'm going to sum this game up in one action.*recommends*There
76561198023623628,Recommended,282070,12991215,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HereWasBob,It's alright. Not bad. Good enough. Hopefully it gets better. During my first 4 hours of gameplay I checked twice to see if this game was early release or something like that. But its a unique game and I like where its going so hopefully they improve this.
76561198108244324,Recommended,282070,29454389,Posted: 23 January,all,Cpt_Dickinsons,This game is so far the most immersive game I have played and it's equally challenging no very challenging to play due to the fact that psychology is in effect.10/10 would kill for canned food
,Recommended,282070,13764887,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,8eerme,Very nice good. Makes you think about people stuck in the middle of two power crazy people fighting over who has a the bigger♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everyone it gains power to lead a nation should be forced to play this game before taking office.
76561198033356507,Recommended,282070,12954416,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MJG.Raiden,A game where you decide if you are scavenging or willing to do bad stuff for your group's survival. Kinda like The Walking Dead (AMC) just without zombies IMO.
,Recommended,282070,13068398,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,iddqd,"As there are already a ton of well written reviews about this game that sums it up very well, I just wanted to add my positive review to the stack. Have a couple of bucks left on your gaming budget this month? This is the game to get.11 bit studios deserves a lot of praise for this title. I'm hoping for some future content aswell."
,Recommended,282070,13107779,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,o0O ZerO O0o hellcase.com,this game is the best
76561198081546002,Recommended,282070,13235566,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,XxunforgivingxX,"This game was awesome, and truly gripped me. It felt natural in certain moments, some one catches you stealing and you can simply react. In flight, or in fight. And feel bad about killing them if you do. Hard decisions either make you feel good, or bad depending on your actions. And everything feels real, just from the context. I enjoyed this game, but to be brutally honest it has little replayability. This game suffers in replayability. From not havin a difficulty option, for making harder play throughs throughs. To not having a forseeable modding function, which would definitely increas it's longevity. It is hard at first, but when one knows what to do it's a breeze. I easily made it through when I decided to kill every one at the military base and steal from them. Even worse, no one felt depressed over it. This game is a solid 8 out of 10. There is a lot there, and you feel emersed. Which is the intent. But in terms of actually being a game, with replayability, it suffers a lot. And for it gets a lower score. I feel it was 20 dollars well spent, but I also feel I did not get my moneys worth out of the time spent on it. Hopefully there can be future updates, Or perhaps a strong modding community that cracks the game and opens up more to do."
,Recommended,282070,13235936,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Thogin[GZ],"I have never played a game with such a sense of dread and groom.  This game is design to put the player into a mindset that this war unlike most game is not something that can be dealt with guns and guts.  This game is about survial and it is about survial and making hard choices that effects the avatars in game.  The player may not have a problem stealing from old people for their food or meds, however your characters in game are normal everyday people put in this bad war zone.  They may feel bad stealing from other people.  This War of Mine takes us out of the hero's shoes and puts us in the shoes of everyday people in a warzone.  I highly recommend this game if anyone wants to taste a small, very small, very small faction of what living in a city under seige feels like.  This game does a great job telling a story we do not often hear."
,Recommended,282070,12975755,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[NPX] Goqua,"Great game.  Small in scope and scale though, so wait for the price to come down to 10 bucks.  Also, this style game would play better with a controller, and there is no good reason it doesn't have controller support.  Movement is based on where you click the mouse, but character responsiveness is slow, as if they are waiting to hear a verbal command before executing it, instead of what I am sure is just code-based input lag.  If you like the survival style games that are less action oriented, you will like this.  Feels like a cinematic side-scroller similar to Oddworld, Blackthorne, Another World or Prince of Persia, only with a survival meta-game layered over it.  Time management is serious business in this game, and although it has a casual feel, ignoring it will end in failure.  Really interested to see if a mod community pops up around this."
,Recommended,282070,14311353,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,gs.cz Garlin,Good game... but i have more better games so do not have time for this. But if you like survival games this is one for you.
,Recommended,282070,19559233,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ocean,I strongly support the Chinese language!I strongly support the Chinese language!I strongly support the Chinese language!Important things are to be repeated for 3 times!
76561198239614840,Recommended,282070,20177110,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SGT,"this game is awesome its not ""overwhelming positive"" for nothing.....just sayin"
,Recommended,282070,24193135,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,［CN］LJN,A good game.
,Not Recommended,282070,24143442,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,HJC86,"When I saw this game for the first time I thought: this is quite new / with fresh idears. But then...The weird thing is I was correct on the 2nd part of that line: fresh idears. Altough they have been done before in some other sim-like games. And other survival stuff. You can see this as a 2D version from State of Decay. Well you can better play that game. It's a bit more balanced then this one. Let me explain...This games puts you in a house and immediatly there is already one person slightly sick, with only bandages at your disposal. Scavenging the house doesn't give you anything usefull most of the time. Scavenging requires luck ! Sometimes you are in luck but then you are almost instantly faced with the most common line in this game: ""You can't make this, find some more stuff... But I'm to tired, let me sleep"".I have tried all 3 options in the 77min. that I played the game. First try, second try (diff. house thankfully) and 'Create' own story. The 'create' part is very poor, choose people and the base-camp. The last option even makes the violence come sooner. And you can't defend yourself because of the lack of resources.In the end you can see this as a very hard version of The Sims (any of them). Your team just isn't fast enough in getting the things you need / making items you need to stay alive. And the game doesn't give you much tutorial as well. If you still like this concept then please play State of Decay. It's easier on the player and still gives a challenge. (Only difference is Zombies instead of War)."
76561198278651926,Recommended,282070,24282467,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Slothful,"Great game. Is it good for many hours? Not really.It gets repetitive. You search for supplies, steal if you need to, feed your group, build stuff, and maybe kill guys but that isn't really necessary,Wish I spent my money on something else, but I do recommend this if you have the spare cash."
76561198045343579,Recommended,282070,24287653,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,shadow_6_6,Great game.  It has a great story.  Difficult choices.  Highly recommend.
76561198168607206,Recommended,282070,21259099,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Rustic,Makes you think.
76561198092836054,Recommended,282070,25692457,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,HerwinDanchou,"I never thought a 2D game would be this good (Especially the graphics and the atmosphere of the game)....If you want to try it, Don't hesitate to buy it.10/10 would get depressed again"
76561198208952219,Recommended,282070,23371795,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,AIDS,"I don't know what I've done.I sent Roman out to Quiet HouseHigh in food and medical suppliesNot dangerous at allFigure it must be empty, no one living thereWalk inside, find a little old coupleThe old guy begs me not to take anything because his wife is sickThink nothing of it, and loot this place dry.All of the sudden, Roman is depressed.Keep looting other places, Roman is still depressed.One day, I decide to go back to Quiet House.Go inside, can't find the elderly couple anywhere.Think ""Maybe they left"" and go upstairs to see if I missed anything.To my horror, I find the little elderly couple laying down in bed, dead.Roman becomes suicidal, but he survives through the war.Everybody else is dead, so no one is there to comfort him.When the war is over, he moves to New York City.To ease the pain away of being the death cause of an elderly couple, he goes bowling often.10/10 would kill and elderly couple and go bowling again."
76561198197894931,Recommended,282070,23422417,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,catlefey,"I've had my eye on this game for a while, and when I noticed it was on sale I snagged it. I've only played two hours so far and I'm already loving it. The gamelay is very well desgined; the crafting and survial aspect is interesting w/o being overwhelming or boring, and mechanics by which you have to keep your little band of survivors content and safe are all really well done. I'm frustrated that it continues to crash (though to be fair, I'm playing on a Macbook Air), but aside from that, it's a great game that's worth the full price."
76561198085688573,Recommended,282070,23331927,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,IcecrEm,"An amazing game, one that everyone should get the chance to play."
76561198039396628,Recommended,282070,23342314,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Slur,"This is a great game, beautifully made and more complex than it looks, but dont play it if your a suicide risk. It' makes you pretty sad."
,Recommended,282070,23334449,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Defend100,A joyful experience that will leave you laughing and shouting for joy at the end.Now all I need is my tissue box.
76561198258863022,Recommended,282070,23378620,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,foodplanet,非常好的一个生存游戏。就是整体情节和复杂度相对价格短小的一点。但是仍然不失为沙盒入门佳作。考虑到是独立制作游戏更难得了。4/5分。
,Recommended,282070,13029441,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nathan,"Inspirational game. Really gets you thinking about war an BOTH SIDES of it. It definently reminded me of The Last of Us genere wise. I do recommend this game.Being hungry, so that I start to find food in the home. Yeah this is a broken house whose real owner died already. I don't care whether I'm allowed to live here since I have no choice because of the war. But sadly no food stored. What can I do? I decide to be a scavenger in the night. I'm sneaky and try to search every part of the place even the trash. I find raw food and I eat. So yummy really. Wait! I heard some sound. Who is he? Does he carry knife or gun? I don't know I'm so scared. But I have to fight for my own life. So I may kill him...Maybe kill her and even ...a child. Slowly, the sound is getting closer. And I watch that carefully throughout the darkness, just finding it's a rat. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it...I keep looking for any supplies and the first night goes like this, safely.Exhausted...no bed in the home too. I can't craft one cuz of lacking wood. No...the hell I begin to sleep on the floor..Suddenly the door is knocked. Someone is shouting ""Hey I have something would like to exchange with you. I know you're there. Come out"" What! Is he honest? Should I believe him and open the door?I-I..don't know...What if he is a bad guy and maybe a knife is waitng for blood...He knocked the door again...I don't want...to hear the sound...I don't open the door..I don't dare make any sound either.I'm just sleepy..and hungry..Night comes. The second time I become a scavenger. This time I should find more food and wood to make a bed. I arrive to a strange place. ""No one here...""I hope... To find things I made great sound. Oh please quiet the ♥♥♥♥ you should be... then I hear someone is coming. Yeah I'm sure it's a human...An old man appears before me ...we both are shiving...fear..in terror...""Who are you....what are you looking for..Please show your mercy..don't hurt my old wife...just her shouldn't die..please"" W-what..I won't.. The next second I find some food and meds. So I want to carry them. But...""please don't take our things...we also need them and those are left...no more else"" I...d-don't ..c..care... So...I stole those and returned my home...What did I do....Would them die? No...they may have more and they just lie to me to say those are the last...I need these food and meds just in case... Wait. Someone came to my home and carried my things last night...♥♥♥♥! I shall eninforce here..I need find more components and materials. So I'm gonna go outside tonight too.Another place I come. But I'm drastic fear...A dangerous sound in my brain... I peek through the door hole, finding one guy with a knife. What the hell the place is...why he is carrying that. I quietly open the door and want to get through the place without his notice. ♥♥♥♥! the stones on the ground make sound because of me walking on them. The guy finds me and without saying anything he comes closer to me, tightly carrying the knife. I'm shock and mind stops thinking. I just rush to push him on the ground. Thanks god he is weak and I take his knife and ...stab him beautifully...yeah blooding everywhere... I'm not fear that time but I know I will regret later...however, somehow I heard a shoot. Seems like from a gun nearby...I don't know...eyesight is being mess...and I fall on the ground...I see someone comes here and shoot...another bullet...What!! I can't restart from the last day!! Damnit!!"
,Recommended,282070,13712666,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Crunch,"It's a great game.It's extremely emotional and there are so many chances to replay the game without it getting boring because of the randomisation of maps and characters!I dont have many hours on this game yet, but so far i am loving it!Definately worth the money!"
76561198063789375,Recommended,282070,13144650,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Lord Farage,"Just beat this game. after many new saves, this has been the best game i have played in years. Blooming brilliant!"
76561198056226411,Recommended,282070,13063006,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MaximusTheMan,"When your playing Call of Duty or Battlefield, and you see civilians running away from a gunfight erupting in a city, you are probably thinking ""THESE STUPID PEOPLE WHY ARE YOU HERE GOD DAMNIT YOU FOOLS"" but this game gives you a totally different view of war. I love this game even though it is early in its launch. I'm sure that the creators will update the game and add more people, more items and more gameplay, but if you are planning to buy it now, I suggest you do because this game is easily worth it's salt.   9.5 dead bandits out of 10 dead bandits."
76561198144363730,Recommended,282070,15862849,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,TheZombieAvenger,"If You Were To All Atmosphere, Great Gameplay And Such Great Story, that""s how you would describe This War Of Mine."
76561198072078529,Recommended,282070,23851969,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HakkE,"1.Kills old guy and his sick wife at the quiet house and take all the supplies.:)2.Goes to garage,kills the incompetent son defending his father.Father begs for mercy.Kills him too.:)3.Kills the unarmed girl at the shopping complex just because I am a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cockblocker.Militant gets mad.Guess who ain't cumming tonight?:)4.Goes to St marys church,kills everyone including Priest Olek alongwith his goddamn books.Sees a sign""Here lies Roxy,the best dog in the world""..Fuuuk dogs,I am Chinese.10/10 would eat a dog again.:)"
,Recommended,282070,23693835,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,IceBlitz,"A utterly amazing game.The art style, music and story are mind-bogglingly good.It's has a very sad and dark atmosphere, and truly brings out some of the horrors of war.I recommend it 100%"
,Not Recommended,282070,23857296,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vanquished Archer,"I liked the graphic of the game, the feeling of it, the soundtrack and the idea. However, I am not sure if it was because of my high expectations, but I stopped playing after two hours or so.I found it repetitive, frustrating and way too difficult. Maybe I just have little patience, but it just didn't hook me enough to keep playing."
76561197967772601,Recommended,282070,16510409,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,happywasabi,SO ADDICTIVE
76561198024961829,Recommended,282070,24223206,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,bradfordyobaby,"What is it?This War of Mine is a third-person survival game, based loosely on the events of the Siege of Sarajevo, during the Bosnian Civil War.The game has you control a series of unique civilian characters with the sole purpose of outlasting the war. The odds are pitted against you, as the weather, aggressive bandits and a scarcity of resources all conspire to kill you.What works?This game is incredibly successful in translating the atmosphere of a warzone. The gameplay elements help to drive home both the depressing nature of war and the central theme of the game; the battle to survive in a world of scarce resources.Two elements in particular are worth focusing on…Weather:The weather system is brutal, and once the Eastern European winter swarms in, the ceaseless fight to stay warm and healthy begins. Temperatures quickly drop below freezing and your characters’ only hope is to focus all their energy on staying warm. Should you fail to keep your shelter warm, your characters will get sick, and this sets into motion a whole range of trade-off decisions trying to heal your sick.Medication is not easy to come by and far too expensive to buy through trade. This then leaves you with two options. First, set out at night into the dangerous inner city, littered with trigger happy snipers and hope like hell that you scavenge some medication from the rubble of fallen houses. Second, divert all your resources you were using in keeping your healthy survivors warm, to set up a herbal factory and produce the medication yourself. This is incredibly time-consuming though and your quest in healing one member of your shelter may result in the death of all the others anyway.Bandits:As the battle to survive intensifies, bandits emerge and aggressively invade your shelter in the hope of stealing your precious resources. These resources must then be spent in shoring up your shelter with a series of makeshift fortifications to keep future bandits out. Fail to do this and you will return home with your supply store looted. You can always put somebody on guard, but leave him without a weapon to defend himself, and he will suffer an injury, leaving you with another mission of trying to keep one member of your team from dying while simultaneously not jeopardizing the lives of the rest.In both these situations each choice becomes an exercise in compromise; a tradeoff. Do you try save the sick/injured and potentially jeopardize the chances of survival of all other members, or do you allow the one member to die and risk sending the remaining characters into severe bouts of survivor’s guilt and depression?A quick word on aesthetics:I found the music to be monotonous and bland, but although it is not spectacular, it rather ironically helps reinforce the atmosphere of the game, the feeling of a bleak, endless war.There is obviously no multi-million budget for the game, and as such, no next-gen physics were used to deliver the game’s graphics.This didn’t result in poor visuals though. Instead the game is delivered through a sereis of beautiful pencil sketches which helps reinforce the theme of resourcefulness; taking what you have available and making something worthwhile out of it.Where it fell short:This game does drag on at times and there is no way of speeding it up. An option to speed up gameplay or even to pause and strategize without the game screen blurring would be great! The option to minimize the game to your desktop without having to completely exit the game also seems like an intuitive feature missing.In Sum:The successful creation of a warzone atmosphere, the attention to resourcefulness and strategy, right down to the extreme difficulty of the gameplay, combine to make this game one of the most successful l’ve ever played, at achieving its core, thematic goals.I would highly recommend this game at 8 out of 10.Long Live Indie"
,Recommended,282070,32608918,Posted: 20 June,all,Todd The Fox,"Seriously for $4.40 CAD you would be sorry for not getting this game. I bought the original a long time ago, I saw that The Little Ones DLC was 50% off and it is just fantastic. Not only does this game give you an amazing environment to interact and admire. It makes you care about your characters that you are trying to keep alive. It makes you think twice about many of the hard decisions you have to make. It takes you into a world where war has completely torn people apart. Trust me when I say the first time you play this it will be a huge challenge for you and even when you know what you're doing. You're going to want to play it over and over again just to experience the amazing feeling you get when you finally hit the ""The war is over"" screen.TL;DR JUST BUY IT"
,Recommended,282070,32608173,Posted: 20 June,all,Edrial,"moving, unfair, depressive and good"
,Recommended,282070,32608136,Posted: 20 June,all,Wycked,Just buy this game.  You won't regret it.
76561198089707393,Recommended,282070,32608398,Posted: 20 June,all,saywutnow,A survival game that really makes you simpathize with the characters. Also gives a different perspective on war. Really makes you think about your choices.
76561197992558334,Recommended,282070,32628201,Posted: 21 June,all,Shubidoo,Hit me deep in the feels
,Recommended,282070,32621882,Posted: 21 June,all,PrinceOfSpiders,2 depressing 2 handle10/10
,Recommended,282070,33216376,Posted: 3 July,all,ELPanadero,very nice story and gameplay...
,Recommended,282070,32863726,Posted: 27 June,all,WH,Very good game.I love it <3
,Recommended,282070,33450429,Posted: 11 July,all,قرمُوع,الايجابيات:+ تطوير الملجا وصنع احتياجات الشخصيات اللعبة+ الارت ستايل جدا جميل+ المدينة كبيرة جدا وتقدر تستكشفها للبحث عن المواد التي تصنع منها احتياجاتك+ الاحداث المتنوعة التي تصير والتي تاثر على شخصيات اللعبةالسلبيات:- التكرار في بعض الاحيان يجيب المللالتقييم: 8\ 10
76561197987043488,Recommended,282070,28540653,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HPC,Beautiful game. Really worth buying.
76561198135878878,Recommended,282070,28522203,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dr.william1943,The game is fantastic
76561198005251936,Not Recommended,282070,33460865,Posted: 11 July,all,Power_Dan,"This game has a nice style to it, and I really wanted to like it. But in the end, it's just another crafting game. If you like crafting games, this is probably a good one. Personally, I find myself staring out of the window while the character spends 30 seconds demolishing a pile of bricks, or making some firewood. The controls, at least with the joypad, are frustrating too.Stylish, but boring. Refunded."
,Recommended,282070,15076535,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,izzio,Depress SimulatorWill you kill an old man's son to get all of the loot or trade him in exchange for meds?KillsGet depressed10/10
76561197982128399,Recommended,282070,12977249,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,☢Ｄιαмση∂ѕρι∂єя☢,"Insanely good game. I think it could be argued that this is among the best computer games ever created. Why? Challenging, extremely immersive, extremely moving, attention to details, and very fun.... but what takes this game to be counted among the greats is the points it makes about what is is to be human and the brutality of war... Truly great."
,Recommended,282070,33427310,Posted: 10 July,all,Zerath,`Nothing special but not bad either`
,Recommended,282070,32797294,Posted: 25 June,all,dumplingJunkie,Borris the Bear
76561198130222881,Recommended,282070,21147577,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ryuu,"First time playing this game:Day 21:Bruno unknowingly stole something from hospital got caught.Day 24:Pavle went back to hospital to get supplies.*Takes first step into hospital*""Die ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!""*BANG BANG*(Me and my cousin) -""NOOOOOO!!!! Pavle!!!!!!!""10/10 would accidentally rob stuff from hospital and get shot again."
,Recommended,282070,20189790,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,the electric version,"I was surprised by how good this game is. Mainly bought it out of boredom but it's actually extremely fun. I've been playing it for a few days and I'm really enjoying it. Mod support is great too. And of course it's very atmospheric and it's for a good cause. Really, there's no reason not to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,282070,33600165,Posted: 16 July,all,Nicolás Maduro,"Eh... didn't click with me.  Lots of really positive reviews, but this game gets really repetitive and does nothing to change things up.  The events are the same, the locations are not generated, the interactions are the same... usually this is OK, but this is a game that encourages short, repeated playthroughs, and it just doesn't offer enough new content every time to stay entertaining very long.Also, I get that it's the point of the game's message, but it really isn't fun to have to grind up again in a new playthrough after making a small mistake and losing an essential team member or two.  This game would have benefited from an Iron Man permadeath mode separate from a normal mode with limited save/loading.And no, some tired old platitudes about war being bad doesn't really do much to win me over either."
76561198022598563,Recommended,282070,21242499,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,gigi426,Good in-between game for a good price.
76561198045712399,Recommended,282070,14206188,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Fallen Atlas,"This game is unlike any other, as the story will tear you apart from tough moral choices that will always have consequence. This War of Mine brings the grim and terrifying truth of war on the civilian side, as you have to survive with what you scavenge out of the nearby areas and what you make. Depending on your situation, you will have to steal from other honest, innocent people.The game relies on point-and-click mechanic that involves building improvments for your home, be it a water collecter, a metal workshop, or a garden.  While food and medicine are essential and come first, it's vital to collect parts to build improvments in order to survive in the coming days.15/10: would recommend it to anyone that has yet to see the dark side of war or enjoy games that involve tough choices that would involve your survival."
,Recommended,282070,13005730,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,UrbaN,"♥♥♥♥, this game is so depressing. I lasted 15 days in this game. At day 8, Pavle died when looking for supplies at construction site. I didnt even notice, a man was running towards me, he got shot and behind me was a soldier, pointing at me and saying some last words and BAM Pavle is dead. Bruno and Katia were struggling, Katia very depressed...couple of days more, at day 12 Bruno dies when looking for supplies at St.Maria church...Accidentally started to run at basement and a soldier came, i hid in a corner, but he continued to shoot so i stupidly ran at him with fists and got a headshot with a shotgun. Katia was alone, eating raw food because no water was left. At her last day she went looting, got some food at a villa, came home to spot that house has been robbed and all stuff has been taken. She was broken, depressed, i ended the day and she went too sleep. At day 15, she cut her veins.She commited suicide.Its a cool game to play and get some good feeling of depressing, and you actually feel like you are in a war!10/10 !﻿"
76561198318494742,Recommended,282070,31010537,Posted: 7 April,all,Herman TinkleFist,Roman killed everyone in my shelter before killing himself. Good game.
,Recommended,282070,14280446,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Stonepaq,best game experience you'll ever had.
,Recommended,282070,14372482,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Hacktor,"Engaging. Superb! Getting to 100%Some achievements require purchasing two sets of DLC'sSome achievements require grininding.Some require exactly what you need to do.Features Negative achievements like depression, sickness etc. I had gotten all of them except these so I had to purposefully depress and worsen a sick character's condition to get these.The developers added more achievements on three occasions, requiring you to go back and grind for them. I guess I should be happy but it ruins your ""perfect games"" counter.I would recommend this game. It gets you thinking.. too bad you see through the mechanics and patterns really quickly and a lot of this game is pre-scripted."
,Recommended,282070,13604775,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Altoids?,"+This game does not feel like a game, if your definition of a game is something like Pac-Man or TF2. This is a book, an artwork, and a movie compacted into a very interesting piece about war. More importantly, this shows the side of war which is on no side, the side of war that truly brunts the suffering that the opposing sides dish out.//I'm not sure if the suddenness of combat was horrible or heartbreaking, as this probably depends on where you're coming from.-Could've added some more lines to your characters, for both depth and prevention of repetitiveness; especially since there isn't any voice acting.This definitely made me rethink how I thought about games, though, so 9/10"
,Recommended,282070,15701570,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,krudemon,Zombie DLC plz.
76561197995265673,Recommended,282070,13308388,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mandy Manure,"Got a gun, killed everyone i met and won the game, just like CoD99/10"
,Recommended,282070,13771173,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Pluto,"Amazing, Should be rated F or Feels. it is a game that shows the grim truce of reality"
76561198019984245,Recommended,282070,13028066,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,><,Great and unusual game
,Recommended,282070,13047590,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dethorasis,"Definetely a fun game, fun experience, and a unique look at a survival game."
,Recommended,282070,13263534,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Tensai,Very realistic game that takes you through life's horrors of war as a civilian. You will start to geniunely feel for the people that portray you and even the NPCs. You will have to break moral codes to finish the game or start sacrificing your characters
,Recommended,282070,13408228,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Dr.McLickerTitty,love this game only have to survive 45 days but it's harder than it sounds
76561198127276425,Recommended,282070,13293537,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HardAppleCider,"This game is wonderful.  This is the only game of its kind, not like any other I've played.  An absolute gem that everybody should experience.  The art is great.  The music is somber and sets the depressing mood of the game very well.   The sandbox nature of the game is masterfully executed.  This game makes me care about it, and that's exactly what it was trying to do."
76561197993666152,Recommended,282070,14324874,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Toad,Good game
,Recommended,282070,13228883,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Doin,Top game
76561198047631714,Recommended,282070,14931292,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,davidsawyer41,"Excellently done, though dark and can seem to drag on."
,Recommended,282070,15081638,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Jamesey-Poo,"This happened to me a while back-Night Falls-""I want to raid a house""-Walks into house-""Oh crap old people""-Steal all of their stuff-They beg for their lives-Grandma is carrying precious gem-Must have-Kill them both-Take extra goodies-LeaveThe next day-Everyone is depressed-feelsbadman.jpg-Kid knocks on door-""Can I have medicines?""-Give him meds-Everyone feels content-""I feel so much better about the two old people I killed""10/10 would regain innocence again"
76561197976385569,Recommended,282070,14861952,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,76561193681418273,"Great game, but not much replay value, once you master the food and water system, the game gets too easy. Would have liked to see more options in areas to serch, but all-in-all a good experience and well worth the purchase price."
76561198092045447,Recommended,282070,14384222,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Nonya,"Short: This is just the best indie game I've ever played in my life. Every playthrough is a story that I strongly recommend you document, because each story is your own. The Last Of Us made me emotional in certain cutscenes. THIS game made me feel emotional all the time, from beginning to end, from every little action, to every little loading screen.This is not a game for the faint of heart. This is a captivating experience, probably the best one I've had in gaming, at least emotionally. It was after this game that for a very strange reason, I began counting my blessings. I actually felt gratitude for what I have. Every ingame day is a struggle, and an experience that will leave you emotionally exhausted. You start out with three or four random survivors who found shelter in a war torn house. The colors are dismal and grey, the soundtrack somber yet beautiful, and flashes of shelling in the background, with occasional gunfire. Each survivor has their own personal story in this dynamic and unpredictable game.Daytime is when you manage your survivors, medicate the sickly, and heal the wounded, while also catching up on sleep and food. Nighttime however..Is when you HAVE to get the aforementioend items. Night brings you to a map of the entire city, with locations to loot. You pick whoever goes, while the rest either sleep or guard against looters. In a sidescroller view where you control your survivor in a similar way to the Sims, you'll encounter a woman being molested by a soldier, or maybe a family being slaughtered by bandits. You never know. You may find a sickly bed ridden mother, calling after her son after you kill him, thinking he's a bandit..You'll feel horrible about all the choices you make. But hey, sometimes you have to make them. Is a family not willing to barter? Well, guess what? You have no food, a survior is terminally ill, while another one is wounded.Are you going to kill this family? Are you going to sneak in through the corridors, and slit a passerbyers throat? If you think you can't live with yourself, well..Neither can your survivors. They will react to what you do. They can go back home, and just sit there, in a catonic state refusing to even move.  You will vividly remember striking down a man, to be greeted with the sound of a crying woman, begging for him to come back. And depending on your survivor, it can be too much for him. But you had to do it, right? You needed the material to craft a bed, a heater, a stove, or even planks to board up your house. And when it snowed, every single day was stressful, as I made sure each of my survivors recieved medication. I was at the threshold. I was 100% sure that they'd all die. And I gave up. I accepted the inevitability. But then one day, the snow stops..Most of them are feeling better.I think what kept me going was that I actually cared for these people. I wanted a happy ending for them. I wanted them to see this through. Even the young lost girl who begged for shelter. The same girl who was an optimistic and bright woman, who I trid to keep away from death the whole time. But she had to kill somebody. Out of self defense."
,Recommended,282070,28670210,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ob,Bretty gud
76561197964042954,Recommended,282070,13080303,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,King,"After a long wait finally a game that gets me hooked again,everything about this game is amazing, do yourself a favor buy it !"
,Recommended,282070,13843915,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Tofu,"A story:On day 20, Katia started feeling ill.  After lamenting the fact that raiders pilfered all of their medical supplies the night before, she slept while Bruno stood watch and Pavle scavenged for supplies.  Pavle returned bearing herbal remedies for Katia to consume.  Believing herself to be on the mend, Katia went out on a foraging mission the next night.  She returned with a nasty cough, but felt fairly chipper after quaffing a mug of coffee.  However, a cold front moved in; dark clouds rumbled and spat down water, worsening Katia's illness.By day 23, she was severely ill.  Not wanting to steal anything, Pavle searched for a trading partner in order to barter for the pills that would eliminate Katia's pallor.  No one had any to spare, though, so he returned empty handed.  Katia remained bedridden while the other denizens of the meager shelter shot worried whispers to each other.As day 25 rolled around with no improvement in Katia's condition, Pavle resolved to obtain the medicine for her by any means necesary.  Tired, hungry, and sad, Pavle set out to steal from a warehouse  which was patrolled by heavily armed men.  Furtively dodging the patrols and rifling through drawers, Pavle raced against the approaching dawn to find his prize.  Finally, an hour from dawn, he unveiled a bottle of asprin to bring down his friend's fever.  He raced home.Throwing open the door, Pavle joyously announced ""I'm back, and I've got the meds!""But it was too late.  Katia died in the night.  Pavle collapsed in the doorway and grieved for his friend the whole day through.Glancing at my wall-mounted map of the world, my eyes danced between the Middle East, Ukraine, and Africa, and I considered joining Pavle in the splintered door frame."
76561198096318404,Recommended,282070,25443190,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kvaz,"This was recommended to me from a Professor from Agh University of Krakow Poland.This game is the horrors of war from those not in the army, not in the factories, and not in the tiny sliver of society which still stands.This game is the horror of society which has fallen.If you know history, you know Poland knows what it's talking about.This isn't a happy game.It is however the most informative game I've played.It sayswhyyou win the war."
76561198138419898,Recommended,282070,18375716,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Red XL,This is a great game that will keep you trying to save everyone and do good things until youre starving and freeing in the grips of winter then you rob everyone in sight. Then that feels good and you begin robbing just for the fin of it. Eventually nothing is sacred and the game becomes an adaptation of the purge which feels oh so good!
76561198019543135,Recommended,282070,16965855,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Giants With Class,"With the release of the Scenario Creator this game is finally 'finished' to a level that justifies spending cash on it. As a survival game it has alot of charm to anyone whom loves the genre. Time and resource management are key elements as you would expect and the game does a fine job of giving you multiple routes to obtain the same results as you make your way through the game world. It is not easy to survive. Neither is it impossible or only possible through a single arduous set of actions. Thus, and most importantly the game's replayablity is very high. Different situations and combinations of characters will produce different play throughs, allowing for many hours of fun for those of us whom enjoy high stakes survival games."
76561198087579324,Recommended,282070,14032699,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,The Big Minh,Wow i was took by suprise by this game i didnt expect it to be so deep its a simple little game but i would say its on par with the last of us for game of the generation it just feels so real you arnt human or sane if you dont buy the game so what are you waiting for buy it ! :)
76561198007388604,Recommended,282070,13113009,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kodman,"For 2 days I've played this game, And I'm simply stunned by the mechanics and the immersion this game brings. Not to mention that every decision you make have consequences on the characters. It's not often you find an indie game with such deepness in it. And YES it feels deep. Really deep. Many who like survival games and love to create their own survival story will find this game touching. Definately a must buy if you're a sruvival fan.Personally at first I thought that this game would not be something for me. But I gave it a go just for the fun of it and as I said before I was just simply stunned.Even if you are not a survival fan but you like a challenge, then you might find this game equally enjoyable and rewarding.This game certainly sets a new standard in the survival genre and I believe that other survival game developers should learn from this game. And yet again Polish developers show that they simply are masters of making good games. Just take a look at the Witcher series ;)I give this a 9/10 :)"
76561198080980004,Recommended,282070,18479399,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Lil ducky,this is a fantastic game wanna watch before ya buy it see all the coll things ya can do? then come a watch me playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OO2IwDtEWaY
76561198057435327,Recommended,282070,13692808,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Precastplatypus,its a very good game with a new aspect of war.puting you in the postion of a war torn city with fights always breaking out with shelling consantly.best game of 2015
76561197984036404,Recommended,282070,16613840,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,firewolf20002001,Blew my mind.
,Recommended,282070,18223210,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,volarex,"Incredible games, it's a real gem. An unique gameplay and superb replayability."
76561198201842253,Recommended,282070,21946805,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SirVeteran,just buy it
76561198013874170,Recommended,282070,21957424,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Stategem161803,"You're a group of civilians in a war zone. Don't die.Trust me, it's harder than it sounds, but so rewarding. Although, I feel like I broke the game when I realized I could just kill people and take their stuff.I was skeptical when I first got this game, but I loved it and I think anybody who likes strategy games or RPGs will also."
,Recommended,282070,15279755,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,BIOHAZARD,"Before i decided, to give this game a try, there was one point, that i wasn't sure about. I am a fan of the Survival genre and i liked the style and atmosphere of this title, but i had no idea if the gameplay will catch my interest for longer than just a few hours. As you can see from my playtime, it has.If you are, like me, not sure about this point, i will give you some more insight into the gameplay in this review..The game has catched me from the first minutes. There is no starting tutorial and no explanations - you don't need it. Anything is very intuitive. The Gamecontrols and UI are clean and simple. The game mechanics are build around a small group of survivors in the middle of a war. You have to manage all their needs like hunger, temperature, diseases and injuries and their mental state. You are free on how you do that. You may decide to rob other survivors or to help them. Any decision has consequences, but all mechanics are well balanced giving you a wide range of different tactics to survive. By that, and a little bit of randomness, the replayability is greatly increased. When you progress, you unlock different starts with new and varying survivors and mostly more difficult circumstances.The game ends at some point (you have to experience this for yourself ;-). There is not the ""No game goal"" thing and not an open-ended ""Play until you are bored"" effect. For me, it was worth 4 playthroughs and each was an unique, challenging and fun game experience.To come to an end.. I am honestly impressed by this gamedesign. There is really nothing, i can imagine, that could be improved. If you like the genre in general and you are looking for a thoughful tactical gameplay, then this title is worth a purchase."
76561197992908014,Not Recommended,282070,26109346,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,sickb0y247,"In short, the game is boring. There are some great ideas here but it gets very tedious, very quickly. 75% of your time will be spent watching little meters slowly count down as you craft, search and eat... That is literally the meat and potatoes of the game and you will be doing it nonstop the entire time."
,Recommended,282070,32692715,Posted: 23 June,all,Ananas Okan,Oynanabilirlik.   7/10Grafikler.            6/10Eğlence.            6/10Ses ve müzik.  10/10Total.                7.25/10
,Not Recommended,282070,25588363,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,jlb,This Game doesn't run on Windows 7
,Recommended,282070,32649413,Posted: 22 June,all,luno6,iz gud
,Recommended,282070,32652632,Posted: 22 June,all,●☆●DeathShoot●☆●,Amazing game
76561198055785649,Recommended,282070,32651785,Posted: 22 June,all,Stubb,Pavle is some runner
,Recommended,282070,32653271,Posted: 22 June,all,isitsimonyesitis,sick game
,Recommended,282070,20150378,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gary,"This is a really nice game, i enjoyed it alot. I played with Marco and Pavle for 40 days survival.Would like to share some tips with you guys:1. Never try to empty any ""Private Stash"", grab a few items only. Otherwise it will make your player's mood sad.2. Try to build ""Mouse Trap"" as soon as possible, it is really helpful.3. Try not to bother neighbours for a while lol. Let them stand at door. Do not open the door. If you did and said NO to them it will make your mood sad.4. Never try to pick up a fight with ""City Hospital's Staff"", believe me hospital is what you gonna need for ""Free Bandages"".5. Donate medicinces to Hospital without trading any stuff. If you trade, it might set your mood to sad.6. Upgrade ""Cooking Stove and Room Heater"" to save fuel and other stuff.7. Always pick ""Vegetables"", they  will help you with ""mouse trap""8. Do not waste your time on Alchohol and stuff within Workshop. Thats just useless.9. Trade food and medics with needful people, will make your player's mood good :)10. Enjoy the game!"
76561198088546812,Recommended,282070,20340820,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kritz,This is a great strategy game. I would totally recomend it!
,Recommended,282070,20524275,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Coupsta,"Wow just completed the game and wanted more, From start to finish it had me on my toes especially whilst out looting for things, Even when boris kept on moaning for a smoke he still went out and kept us in food, And Pavle cheered us up rocking the guitar when we were down hahaOverall I would recommend this to anyone who fancies a challenge, I just managed 80 days!!!!Hope they make a follow up game deffo 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,20795177,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,RedCxy,10/10 Actual war+Feelings simulator. This game is fantastic and made me sad more than once.
76561198072294326,Recommended,282070,21078068,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Stripey Socks,I starved myself playing this game.10/10
76561198123294656,Recommended,282070,20846289,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Freikorptrasher,Fuxckin addictive.9/10
76561198057679632,Recommended,282070,20850545,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Eric Kingsun,"this game is depressing and realistic, we need more games like this."
76561198145666378,Recommended,282070,20817678,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Gaydolf Hitler,Great game fun to play when ever.
,Recommended,282070,20520198,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,EnEn0530,"The first time I played, my heart was racing when I encounted someone in the house. Kill or be killed?This is a superb game. Love it :) Tqvm all the developers, designers and other staff who committed :D"
,Recommended,282070,20991625,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Aislion,"This game really got to me. The bond that I formed with my survivors was incredible. When I lost one of my people, I felt like I really let my group down.The horror and struggle of war is shown in this game with very little sympathy to the player. You see people struggle to survive, hear the bombing in the distance, suffer through harsh winter with minimal material, are faced with heartbreaking decisions and stare down enemies with little hope of survival. You see the depressing and gut wrentching side of war that most people (at least where I am from) never expirence.Amazing game.. truly amazing."
,Recommended,282070,28889728,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Im Fabulous,its beautiful.
76561198068436100,Recommended,282070,26317675,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,The 1,"Brilliant game. Unique, nothing else like it"
76561198075238292,Recommended,282070,23707156,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Equilibriuman,Great game...
,Recommended,282070,19500303,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Edenium,This game makes me shoot an old lady for a wood.10/10
76561198022243663,Recommended,282070,27698040,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,R2J,War....War never changes.
76561198032084188,Recommended,282070,27698442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,free,ufff .... hard to .... ueee
76561198004017621,Recommended,282070,27704712,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pope,Absolutely heartbreaking.
76561198017658502,Recommended,282070,27707844,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Le Farfadet`,best depression sim ever
,Recommended,282070,16467581,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,GusDeCooL,"nice game, first time playing game with this kind of genre"
,Not Recommended,282070,24116868,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Redscyte,"Was looking for something to hold my time off until my people got on, but this is so slow and boring. Theres not directions at the beginning so you will be confused unless you go hunt down videos, but then you spoil what is going happen. So yea na to slow, to boring, to confusing."
76561198092754652,Recommended,282070,23725368,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,GoodMisery,"It's just... wow, I don't have the word to describe this game. It's like I never saw before, we're not a strong american soldier who save the world and never die, we're just a poor guy, who need to make choices to survive and who try to don't become crazy."
76561198028105793,Not Recommended,282070,21611117,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Natty050,"-Pros-AtmosphericInterestingDifferent-Cons-Atmosphere wears thin as soon as your realise how to play the gameLoses interest when you realise its repetitive and there isn't much depth to the gameFeels like i've payed £14.99 for a game that will be out on android for £4 when the developers decide they want more money (Would make a great tablet game, but its not really good enough for computer."
,Recommended,282070,23394440,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,TacticalBigBoss,I got to 100% achievements on this game 3 ♥♥♥♥ing times... simply AMAZING !! (sarcasm)but yeah this game is great  you should really get it !
76561198092651498,Recommended,282070,31076536,Posted: 11 April,all,tame,Fantastic my dude
76561198133173978,Recommended,282070,18360775,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,doggonepuddle,really good game
76561198063213967,Recommended,282070,16358243,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,S5 0014+81,10/10
,Recommended,282070,16357660,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,i are finch,"Very good game.It's atmospheric, it makes you think, it makes you feel.  It even makes your heart race when you're about to get caught.Put on some headphones and fight through the war!"
76561198259506613,Recommended,282070,23348019,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,fatihkokturk1975,Son güncellemeden sonra oyun açılmıyor. siyah ekran da kilitlenip kalıyor. çözebilen varsa yardımcı olsun lütfen...Last update later game not opening.. Black color and ı wait long time.. Help me please
76561198011858917,Recommended,282070,28190111,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Seddrik,"This would classify as a rogue-like game.First game, 15 days - i was all proud... until Katia died.After several games just to experiment and see how things work.  I took my crew of 3, and gained a 4th.  Day 41... Pavel died.  Day 42.... ceasefire.The only thing I don't like about this game is the F word on the intro page."
76561198042628317,Recommended,282070,28729495,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bobywan,"Très bon jeu, immersif, qui vous met dans la peau de civils en période de guerre.Malgré sa simplicité, le jeu est très prenant, on s'attache aux personnages, et il est difficile de faire certains choix pour s'assurer de la survie de sa communité au détriment de personages rencontrés pendant la nuit."
,Recommended,282070,23826526,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gromster☭,Ran out of cigarettes so all my smokers got depressed and killed themselfs.11/10 - Would quit smoking again.
76561198250688694,Recommended,282070,23832469,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,parashutis7,very Nice game ! buy and play ! survive and fights perfect ! no words for saying !
,Recommended,282070,23827870,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,QuantumChip,loveit :)
,Recommended,282070,14065360,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Lando2,"Actually a good game. The 2D aspect really works in the games favor by letting you watch your party act and react instead of being them. The game is much like any rogue-like once you get to the bare bones but the supporting characters and backstory propel it so much further. Replayability is another huge aspect of the game as you can start new games with a different set of survivors every time and utilize their unique skills to survive the longest.I developed an attachment to a rather rough and tough, combat trained punk kid who could play the guitar like nobody's business. Unkowingly I walked into an ambush and tried to fight my way out using what little ammo I had for my shotgun. After taking out 4 armed men I was finally brought down after saving the girls from the brothel, dying a hero. I went through the 5 stages of grief and planned my attack, counting the minutes until it was dark enough to race back there. I sent in another survivor to avenge his death and wiped the place clean. I felt really good after that but it didn't fill the void in my heart...New Game..."
76561198002800260,Recommended,282070,24058838,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,pmbluie,"Good game, i would give it a 8/10 disspaointed a paid £15 for this like game a few days ago, not its under £4 grab this while you can peeps for this price. A lot of comments on the game about feelings, i would not say it makes you think much about feelings etc, kinda like the sims but in war time! still a good game"
,Recommended,282070,25449887,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,night_walker,"Its sad and scary experience.  ""War is peace of hell"" as they say.  Its getting so tough to survive and work a way out each day.  As a human being we tend to do mistakes. Definitely, this one of the best surviving experience I ever played and sadly I couldnt make it through.  Recommended to play and face the cruel world you're thrown into."
,Recommended,282070,21848721,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ashleytml,"This game was in my wishlist for two days, wishing that discount will come any time soon, but I can't wait any more, bought it on the third day.I thought this is just another survivor game that I just need to play until the end of story just to complete it.I was wrong in many ways and it stays in my mind for days.This War Of Mine is an emotional challenging game, I keep on thinking am I doing it right, but I have to survive another day.My survivors are hungry all the time, they only eat when it's very hungry, because I don't have enough food supply.My survivors only get medicine when it's really sick cause I had ran out of pills or herbs.Neighbors came and asked for help and I always try to make it happen because it will makes my team feels better. Enough bad things happened in the war, helping each other is what we all need.Every night, I have to carefully pick who to send out and where to scavenge. Or worst-case scenario, to kill and steal.(The only place that I take their stuff without any negative feelings is the warehouse.)That one time I got so desperate, I need foods, med and materials. I pick the quiet house, because I can't afford to let my team get injury. The front yard got nothing for me. So I entered the house, found out that it's own by an old couple. The wife is ill and the husband worried that I will take all their things.That night, i left the house empty handed, I just can't do it. My team suffered another day, but I think I made a right choice.Then I went to other places that rated as danger, worth it all, me and my team make it through, without taking things from the old couple is the best decision that I had made in the game.This game is so real to me, the depression, the humanity and the struggle. Just gotta find a way to deal with the situation.Great game."
,Recommended,282070,21867498,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bad[A]pple!!,"Despite it's a 2D game, with no voice acting, this game can be overwhelmingly emotional.It put my morality to test. Constantly helping people, not stealing nor murdering eventhough the situation is harsh.  My people are happy, I'm happy. That didn't lasted long till the cold, sickness, hunger, and evil people got us.Ether way they'll give me some kind of regrets or depression. My ideal of being good got me in good, but oh well."
,Recommended,282070,21844718,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jimmy Jazz,This game will crush you and beat you down and chew you and spit you out and ♥♥♥♥ing kill you and you're going to be very depressed and for some reason you will still play it.Very good/10
,Recommended,282070,21880115,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Instagram Attention Whore,"I don't know how I stumbled upon this game or why I decided to pay up, but I'm glad I did. Please come out with a sequel, I want to take out a whole platoon of soldiers by camping on top of a watchtower again."
,Recommended,282070,14741910,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,rabbit7447,you never boring of this game.
,Recommended,282070,13006640,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,xdominos,"This War of Mine is the war game that you never knew you wanted, it portrays the over glorified activities of war through the eyes of those most affected, the civilians. You play as a group of survivors, your only objective is for your friends to survive. You will be presented with choices that will mold your survivors personalities, these choices will have long term repercussions for you and your team. The game is great with fantastic game play and story, and suffers from a few glitches. My only major complaints are that the game does not feature multiple saves and there is no menu that allows you to set your start conditions (season,survivor condition etc.). The game makes up for its few shortcoming though with its fantastic, interactive soundtrack; for example if you build a guitar and have one of your survivors play it that will be the in-game music, same with a radio. This is my personal GOTY and is most certainly worth $20, I highly recommend this title."
76561198105344339,Recommended,282070,15643540,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jackie Chan,Cool game. Not a sterotypical war game. The war game that is needed.
76561198078887526,Recommended,282070,16662033,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,soupy twist,yes
,Recommended,282070,17801413,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Nightflux,Ran Out of FoodRan to the SupermarketGot Shot At and Ran Away10/10 Would Run Again!
,Recommended,282070,19663322,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Hang-in-there,❤❤❤❤ the war.
,Recommended,282070,18459826,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Blucia,"Really nice game, require some time and resource mangement skills."
76561198031046508,Recommended,282070,19276053,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Scrotum Smasher,Refunded because it was too depressing.
76561198067430667,Recommended,282070,19247866,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Valrossen #TF2Center,"The trailer says it all, An amazing game that really hits the players right in the chest and makes him/her feel empathy with the characters, the feels aside it also has good gameplay and is really challenging.I REALLY recommend you buying it, but prepare for an emotional rollercoaster10/10"
,Recommended,282070,18378191,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,☭Teb☭,"Started with just two charactersday 3: Anton knocks at my door, I let him inday 4: Anton gets sickday 8:Anton starts dyingday 10: saves Anton with medicine I sold a load of loot forday 17: Anton abandons us and takes all the food10/10 would get f*ckd by Anton again"
,Recommended,282070,18386305,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,𝖌𝖎𝖚𝖘𝖊𝖕𝖕𝖊,I played this game for 4 hours straight... That hasn't happened in a while.
76561197963422863,Recommended,282070,18347023,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Diebythesword,The True Face Of War......
,Recommended,282070,28572765,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Garen,"Great survival game in a war zone. Makes you feel emotionally the consequences of your actions. Thats what i liked about the game, also great graphics and atmosphere."
76561198341049903,Not Recommended,282070,29616344,Posted: 31 January,all,"FuckMe,Right?!","It crashes so much, I can't even get past day 1."
,Recommended,282070,24084204,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Vaan tällänen nappula,it really gets even you sad if you kill hostile or civilian
,Recommended,282070,25475797,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Solution of carbon,FBI WARNINGPLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CONTENT BEFORE U BUYBE CAREFUL OF ADDICTION!!BE CAREFUL OF DIFFICULTY!!DO REMEMBER FINISH UR HW FIRSTLY
76561198203310720,Recommended,282070,25707476,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Serge1928,good game
76561198006667103,Not Recommended,282070,26058741,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Binarybob,"I know this game is popular, the art is great and the theme is certainly touching and through provoking, I just couldnt get into it."
,Recommended,282070,27792928,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ANIMECHINE,I cried like a sissy. 10/10 would bawl again.
76561198036352610,Recommended,282070,27796614,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kuzya,",,,,,,"
76561198004384209,Not Recommended,282070,25942296,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,stevesim89,gets boring after first few nights
,Not Recommended,282070,29079866,Posted: 6 January,all,craftyguy,"This game has some serious issues on Linux, starting with the fact that it will not start at all. I spent time last year trying all the workarounds to _finally_ get it to work. Yip-♥♥♥♥ing-eee. This time around, it's a no go. I wish Valve would refund this pile, but I'm stuck with it forever in my steam library.Buyer beware!"
,Recommended,282070,26294526,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,po1nt | kickback.com,11/10
76561198019049547,Not Recommended,282070,26157840,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Phourc,"War is hell, and tiny gears are your god.I get what they're trying to convey, but they do it mostly through a punishing crafting system and not really communicating anything, expecting you to learn from experience and do it better next time.  Even stuff like winter being 3 weeks away, which you'd think you'd remember how seasons work despite the war being on...  Still, I'll know next time, except I don't think I'll ever revisit it.Worth a run through if you can get it cheap or play someone else's copy, if for no other reason than to see a more serious and realistic game about war."
,Recommended,282070,27000137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jagger,"This War of Mine is one of the first games I bought on steam that I binge played for hours on end (Civ 5 and Garrys Mod are others that did that to me). The combat can be kind of bad (cheesing enemies to you), but other times in the game the combat can feel like this is it for your character or ""how did I survive that?"" The looting is possible the biggest part in the game, it can be the best to find some super rare loot for the homestead, but other times it can be stressful because you need to find food for your people or they'll die. All in all, the game is insanely fun to play, and is a good price for a good game."
,Recommended,282070,24369922,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Fiery Soul,"Gamewise It's a really nice game if u like survival games . It's point though is not the gameplay but the story of war it has the graphics and the music take u in the game you really think that the war is real and the hatred you get by playing it's jist too perfect of a game ""coughs"" art ."
76561198016624562,Recommended,282070,28832092,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[DiosCan]BIOHAZARD,Very nice! and soo difficult!
,Recommended,282070,15633660,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Twisted Films Farmskins.com,"So I haven`t played this game for a long time. Just about 40 mins or so. But this is my story:Our small group of survivors were running out of food. We had been short on supplies ever since day 1, and it was closing up to day 12 now. We wouldn`t last much longer, so I decided to send out my best scavenger to a nearby ""Quiet House"" in order to salvage what little he could find. As I approached the main entrance to the building, I heard voices coming from the inside. I peeked through the keyhole, and found two unarmed civilians, one desperately trying to comfort the other. I opened the door, and one of the civilians instantly asked me if I were a bandit. I didn`t reply, and started looting some of their cabinets. The guy asked me to stop, but I didn`t. I needed the supplies more than them, I thought. The man yelled at his wife to go hide, and she did so. He tried to take me on, even though I had a weapon, in a desperate attempt to buy his wife some time. I had no other choice but to put him down. His wife came running, and fell to her knees next to her dead husband. I stood there in silence, watching her cry over him. I left with a full backpack, and our group lived to see another day. But I never forgave myself for killing that innocent man.This game forces you to take choices you will regret making, and you will hate yourself for it. But that is the beauty of this game. It reminds you that war is hell. And in war, you have to make difficult choices in order to survive. Definently recommend this game, if you haven`t bought it already."
76561198114219264,Recommended,282070,17450159,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Junte Mori,War...War never changes....
,Recommended,282070,27703787,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Baros#M23,<3 <3 <3 like!
76561198084576766,Recommended,282070,20173767,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,slewthy,"Truely amazing. Not your average survival game, this one is something else..."
,Recommended,282070,21143693,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Thienrex11,HOW ARE MY PEOPLE DEAD ALREADY?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!10/10 Would try and die again.
76561198111278952,Recommended,282070,29546917,Posted: 28 January,all,180thdegree,The Sims - Manly edition.
76561198232520596,Recommended,282070,24382827,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Tek,"This Game is Amazing, atmospheric, and just awesome."
,Recommended,282070,24730798,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tschisi,"POst apocalyptic survivor game with alot text, dark scenes and awsome plot.DIdnt manage to surive till the end yet cause Im too bad unfortunately.Tried it like 20 times by now and never beaten it XDBut even If never beaten it I definetly had the full game expirience and thereforeYES It's very great gamePs. those poor old people I allways steel theyr medicine"
,Recommended,282070,29771369,Posted: 7 February,all,SpixieFan,This game is so easy to get lost in. I find myself having a hard time walking away from it. It is now my favorite game that i have ever played.
,Recommended,282070,21886899,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Andruhhhh,"This game is just so immersive and story driven, you can play for hours on end without noticing that time passed by. The game has the perfect balance of story, atmosphere, and difficulty to make you want to play more. I would for sure reccomend this game to everyone, even people who aren't gamers!"
,Recommended,282070,21939795,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Pride 誇り,This War of Mine is an incredible game with an amazing sound track to back it up.The art style is unique and the hole plot too. Give it a try if you like this type of games.5/5
76561198096888499,Recommended,282070,21938403,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,dead gon give it to ya,this game will make not want to join the military no matter the nation.
76561198094398528,Recommended,282070,21959835,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Duk,"Great game! Although, one feature a friend of mine have thought of was a co-op. Pretty sure we're not the only one's to think of it but, a duo mode would be great, we love the indie feel and, the realism as you up the difficulty to match how far you go."
,Recommended,282070,21870220,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,lolsorry,"This game made me feel something that I haven't felt for so long (except frustation, anger...etc).I found a homeless guy, asking me for food, only that I didn't bring one in my backpack. 3 days brought me back to dead, cold body with a raw food in the backpack since my own group were struggling with food resources too.Went back home while clicking the mouse, thinking if I'd have gone a day before....maybe I could save him but life ain't time machine. This game sure ain't have one.You have to accept the choices that you have made in the first place leds you to certain endings. 11/10"
76561198009935620,Recommended,282070,21882779,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ClubberLang,Strangely addicting...
76561198062890378,Recommended,282070,21914001,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,FitiusMaximus,"This War of Mine is truly an excellent game. The premise is one I've never experienced before, the visuals are fantastic, the soundtrack is simple yet moving, and the concept is simple: survive.You don't really win this game, it just ends eventually, whether your characters are alive or not. This is one of the few games I've played where I really care if my characters die, not just because I know it's going to be harder to go on for the others, but because I probably could've done something to keep them alive, but didn't.The day-time survive/craft/trade time, mixed with the tense, nightly scavanging for supplies along with the random events and consequense-based decision making all combine to put you in a situation where you can never quite relax. The game is always hanging on the edge of a bad situation and can be tipped over by a stupid choice or random chance very easily, irreparably changing how the game will progress, and what your characters have to deal with.Overall, it's a fantastic game. Would recommend, 10/10."
,Recommended,282070,21917217,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Fuzzywuzzy196,"Harsh game in which you will fail at your first go around, but over time you will learn how not to be a total idiot and get everybody killed. It's depressing, it's intense, it's worth getting. The fear of being killed and knowing that it will cause immense greif to the rest of the group, along with knowing that they actually care about you is one of the selling points of this game.Shell out a few bucks and pick this one up if you've yet to and are considering it."
,Recommended,282070,21917592,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Aztrinity,"Excellently captures the heartache, the depression, the optimism, the fear and desperation that hiding out in civil war might visit upon you. I did just about anything not to burn books when winter came... This game was so so good, there should be more like it, showing the civilian side of war, rather than the aggressors owning everything and everyone with superior fire power. The struggle felt real and the implications of immediate survival requirements offered (instead of escapism) an appreciation for and contemplation of the hardships and uncertainty faced in the lives of so many people living in these conditions throughout the world. The game does well, superb."
76561198079409825,Recommended,282070,21931526,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,samminissale,One of my favorites
76561198035230693,Recommended,282070,21959038,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Forthenco,"Amazing, Heart Wrenching... Sad but so true and frankly maybe not brutal enough."
76561198108324118,Recommended,282070,21978893,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Sis...,"So this is what addiction feels like...When put simple: grafics are very fitting (or perfect - not much of a difference there), music is both chilling and hopelifting in right places, even the small lines the characters have feel real. The game is very easy to learn and even after that, it doesn´t become boring.Usually, I play any survival game the first time as a test. I just try everything, so I´ll learn what is needed and how the game operates - I don´t even try to survive. I just try and learn. And after learning, I really start the game. ...but this time, when I had no idea of the different possibilities how to play and what is needed, even after half of my group were dead and the rest were sick and starving, I didn´t want to try and learn the game - I really just wanted to survive.This is one of my favorite games (even now, when I´m sitting next to my office desk, I wait for the moment this working day is over, so I can go back and plan the next scavenge.)"
,Recommended,282070,21980316,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,PenileShrimp,"Really tasty snack, goes well with sauce.Great game I recommend.9/10"
76561197992909938,Recommended,282070,21872749,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,SilverHawk,A nice little rpg
,Recommended,282070,32281050,Posted: 8 June,all,Sodium Chloride,You know the game is good when you cry losing a chracter.
76561198309520698,Recommended,282070,32301803,Posted: 9 June,all,Zarya <3,I keep starving to death. lol
76561198045998943,Recommended,282070,32304995,Posted: 9 June,all,Taco Muffin,"Play it. I am dead serious. This game will make you realize, in some small way, how terrifying war is. If you're anything like me, you probably wont play this game for very long. But that by no means makes this a bad game.The first game I loaded up was about a father and his young daughter, who was probably around 10 years old. I couldn't go out to find food, because that would mean leaving my daughter alone in a run down house, where other scavengers or immoral soldiers may attack, it would mean leaving her alone, all night, defenseless and scared. But the thing that really got to me, was her dialogue, every so often, the girl would complain about being hungry, or ask ""where is Mommy?"" talking about how she missed her friends, or simply saying ""daddy please play with me, you look sad."" This tore me apart, because I wanted desperately to play with her, to assure her everything would be okay, or to simply be able to give her a full meal.But I couldn't do that.After that play sessoin, I simply had to lie down for a while. This game holds nothing back, but doesn't hit you over the head with the message. This game, pure and simple, makes you understand just how incredibly terrible war truly is."
76561197984040110,Recommended,282070,32324033,Posted: 10 June,all,The Mighty Georg,Simply amazing10/10I doubt you have ever played anything quite like this
,Recommended,282070,32310147,Posted: 9 June,all,nickj,"Love it - atmospheric game, with interesting plot and great feel."
76561198044090729,Recommended,282070,32290590,Posted: 9 June,all,Rick Sanchez,Very unique and interesting game. It has a very different perspective on war which was very interesting to go through while playing.
,Recommended,282070,16345691,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,a fluffy bunny,"Contrary to war games and shooters, that is probably the closest someone really gets the feeling of  being in a war without being in the midst of the horror in reality. Very tough choices that not only makes your characters sad, but you as well. It is about as well made like Portal or Walking Dead. I can't express with words how much I like the game."
76561197971536379,Recommended,282070,16344780,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,JimJams7,"Awesome game. Very original doing it from a civilian perspective. Quite challenging, until you learn how to play, then you realise it's quite a short game. But well worth the $7 I paid for it. Being a murderous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ has it's drawbacks in this game, so you have to try and be quite tactical and merciful, even though that pains me. Highly reccommend."
,Recommended,282070,16352093,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Grape Alchemist,"This is such a great game. It really puts the pressure on you as if you were in a true post-apocolyptic world. You have to fight for survival against hunger, bandits, and your own state on mind."
76561197992625299,Recommended,282070,16353803,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,darkfather,Replay value is awesome.  I'll probably keep this one actively installed for awhile.
76561198035486741,Recommended,282070,27839786,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chef Vortivask,10/10
,Recommended,282070,18385578,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Edd,"This War Of Mine is a cool survival and strategy game, a bit hard if you are playing for group of 2 people and 3 I'd say pretty hard. I played as 3 people at the start cause of reasons, and I figured out it was kinda hard, for example: I was bery bad with food, materials beds and more. When I found out about ""Your Own Story"" I was getting excited! I made my character and BTW if you want you can check it out! :) Anyway! it was more easy to help yourself and worry about yourself and not too much others, it was starting to look a lot more fun and chill without too much to worry about :)Pros:-Looting/Crafting! (A lot of options for both!!)-Amazing Graphics!-Cool Looking Game!-Create Your Own Story!-Steam Workshop!-Challenging Game!-Different Options!-Nice Sound Effects!*Maybe more that I didn't notice cause total time with this review I played like 1 Hour 30 Minutes!Cons:-A Bit Hard Sometimes!-Maybe sometimes easy!-Sometimes scary scenes with scary / creepy music :) (Not really creepy but for the situtation it's anoying XD)Over All:-8 Pros!-3 Cons!Over All Game Opinion:Great game worth the money ESPECIALLY when has a disscount (I bought it at $7.99 %60 OFF :D)"
76561198052259564,Recommended,282070,29595508,Posted: 30 January,all,Damale,"Great game, great story, great mechanics.When you start out and don't know anything about anything, its hard as hell to get through the days and the locations adds a lot of tension especially when you know there are bandits present.Sadly it gets way too easy very fast, even with the weakest characters, if you manage your resources right and scavenge the right locations and parts right away, you will find it way too easy all of a sudden.Not too much replay value, maybe a few playthroughs, because most locations can be either peaceful or hostile, but thats that.Great value for money, based on the entertainment I got from this simple, yet extremely well done piece of artwork."
76561198156656341,Recommended,282070,16503093,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Doodledan,"Enjoyed the irony, frustation, drama, fear, and the art of survival.Worth it!"
,Recommended,282070,32780494,Posted: 25 June,all,EXL,"Just go to the Supermarket and save the girl, and you'll gut a firearm.p.s. bring a knife"
,Recommended,282070,19354422,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,I'm Weeb,"The game is amazing, with many possiblities and way to play, you are in for a good time, the game has an original comcept and the art(Graphics) are original and amazing (In my opinion since it makes it a bit more depressing), the gameplay is goo and i would rate it 9/10 :D"
,Recommended,282070,33635514,Posted: 18 July,all,TG.V1per,Amazing game! I love the setting of this game! Defenitly worth picking up!
76561198128035390,Recommended,282070,33643854,Posted: 18 July,all,Vitosa - Rex,"it's....a very emotional game. it's very immersive. I honestly almost got lost in it. not a lot of games do that to me. 11 bit studios really knows how to change people's minds and hearts while playing this game. honestly, it's one of the best survival games out there. and I can tell ya. if ya don't know now you know ♥♥♥♥♥aaa. but seriously. this game is really fun. I'm currently playing it and having a hard time to get food because places are locked down due to fighting. but buy this game and try it out for like an hour. and you'll love it. the survival mechanics. the dense system of emotions each and every one of your character has based on their hunger, sickness, boredom, and even getting ""broken"" from regret by killing someone earlier.I remember I needed medical supplies and food. I had one survivor named pavle. he was one of the best I had. he was critically wounded by getting shot in the torso. he was recovering by having lots of rest. but it didn't seem to help. so he needed meds. I had another survivor whereas I found myself to an old house with an old couple and their son(he was about mid 20's, but the war made him look older). I was quite desperate to get supplies. so you know what I did? something I didn't like, but did. my inner apocalypse bandit side came out and took over. I took out my hatchet and just started hacking at the old couple's son. he was dead. and the dead boy's father who was about in his 50's or 60's ran away and yelled to the mother who was severely sick. I chased him down. and cut him up with my hatchet, I couldn't let him go and tell the mother. I ran all the way upstairs to the mother. she looked very ill. she couldn't run away to her malfunction. I couldn't help her in any other way except one...I took out my pistol. and I shot her. she was on her last stand now. I remember now. she said ""Please, don't kill me."" I thought about the choice I was going to make. it actually took me about a good 5 seconds to do it. I couldn't bare to see her severely injured and sick. so I shot her again. I hear her body thud on the ground in front of me, it was a bad day. I then got some supplies from the dead people I killed before. It was almost getting to 5:00 AM, so I ran to the exit back to my shelter...I then realized pavle, the severely sick survivor I had recovering, was dead from the illness he had...It was all for nothing. the 3 people I killed, all for nothing...now sometimes. just sometimes. ""Sometimes in modern war, you will die like a dog for no good reason.""So yeah that was one of the few traumatic experiences I had in this war of mine. go pick the up game. I tell you this, just try it. and if you're a sensitive person who is easily shifted with moods and emotions. still, go try it out NOW. this is a great game. don't you see the ratings? gabe didn't hack the ratings, those are from REAL PLAYERS WHO PLAYED THE GAME! NOW GO AND BUY IT DAMMIT!"
,Recommended,282070,32722053,Posted: 24 June,all,Tea Stem,GOOD GAME!
76561198130562680,Recommended,282070,22620612,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Pecan,"It's not a matter of life and death, it's more important than that.The blurb could say ""Lead a team of survivors in a post-apocalyptic world where you must harvest resources and build everything you need"" (without zombies) and sound like a million other games.But this isn't like those.  You'll probably care quite a lot about your survivors, should take the trouble to read their biographies and keep in mind that these are just civilians caught-up in a war.  The situation was/is/will be real.  And there are no zombies.*Spoiler alert*My only quibble would be that there doesn't seem to be a shortage of electricity for my vegetable garden heat lamp so why am I desperate for wood to burn on the stove and heater?  Mod opportunity - generator plus fuel."
76561198007241493,Recommended,282070,28792329,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,White Russian,YES. BUY IT.
,Recommended,282070,28762225,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ZoMbE,this game is to sad im sorry but its to sad
,Recommended,282070,23859042,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,aze/azaka (FIN),Good game :)
,Recommended,282070,32829466,Posted: 26 June,all,Sopetip,"Played my first game. One of my characters got severely wounded on my first night scavenging. She stayed in bed hurt and hungry for 5 days while eventually dying at some point. After that my second character got lightly hurt and became depressed. suicided himself 2 days later. The remaining one, hungry and depressed suicided himself too.10/10, would suicide again."
,Recommended,282070,15393590,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Chuckles1229,"My word this game is amazing, the best ive played in years honesly. This game will make you question yourself, take risks, and force you to adapt.  Honestly if you're even concidering getting this game, jump right in, i loose so much time in it in the best of ways. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,29365401,Posted: 19 January,all,Neo Yokio #1 Fan,Great Game.
,Recommended,282070,29810214,Posted: 9 February,all,Superlaserdonut,Sent me on the feels way too many times
76561197971913552,Recommended,282070,16345475,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GrinchPod,"Excellent pacing, art and soundtrack. Great flow throughout the narrative."
76561198075863087,Recommended,282070,16355222,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Raiz,"Day 3>go To some house that only 2 couples live>Stealing some stuff>they keep asking me what im doing and told me to leave>kill them with Knife bcuz they r annoyingDay 6>use Bruno to go to some Bandit base>they found me>run>getting shot>Wounded,low health>all his friend Run at me>shot me again>Bruno died Getting killed by banditsDay 8>Go to some Soldier Base...then they say ''GET OUT''>they♥♥♥♥♥♥me off>climbing up the ladder....punch and Push some Soldier Down the Tower (fail)>they shot me with 2 bullets>Wounded>run into exit>Back to base>Pavle Wounded>some Fireman i dont remember his name...but he run off from our base...>only Katia and Pavle leftDay 10>Katia Starving and Wounded>Use Bandage for Pavle>Start Searching for some Bandange for katia>Go to Some apartment>found 3 people living at that place (2 man 1 Woman)>Hiding>Woman walking near me>attack her with Knife>wounded>run and Call those Mens>they say ''SHOW ME YOUR FACE!''>keep hiding>walked near me>Stab him with knife>he run away from his place>1 more Guy Searching for me>stay hiding>a woman walk near me again>chase her>she run>Kill her with knife>1 guy found me and Clearly just Punch and kick me>Serious Wounded>He pull out his Pistols>Stab him and kill him>everyones dead>searching for loot>got pistols but no Bandages>back home>Katia's Dead from BleedingDay 13>Raided>Bandits take Food,3 Bullets and take all Health thing>Have nothing,just some Pistol and 5 Bullets>Go to some Bandit Base trying to get some Food to live and Bandage>so many Bandits Guarding dat place>Cant run away bcuz i will die from Starving and wounded>Get in the base>following some Bandits>He jump down to the ground>shot him with 5 bullets and only lost half of his health>♥♥♥♥ed>some bandits come from behind (chasin' me)>Bandit shot me with 2 bullets>Pavle's dead10/10 would recommended this game"
,Recommended,282070,16345153,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Zable,"Great game, a little too simplified for my taste but everything it tries to do, it does right.My only gripe is that the game is a little too one-sided when it comes to who you kill and who you save, there aren't any hard choices to make until you are really starting to starve to death.As far as replayability they recently added a new ""make your own scenario"" editor into the game, albeit a little simple, it still lets you try new things. However after your first playthrough you pretty much know everything. I would like more random events that dont necessarily all show up in one playthrough.8/10 great but room for improvement."
,Recommended,282070,16350040,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,scrambled eggs,"Really immersive, and really easy to get emotionally attached to the characters within this game."
76561198044021122,Recommended,282070,16354328,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Китафокс,"One of the best games I've played this year for sure! The game is fun, yet has a serious and pressing overtone which forces us to focus on the true nature of war through a very believable and humbline narrative. The atmosphere, music, and details of the environment make it a game that I would definitely recommend getting it."
76561198036112385,Recommended,282070,16345487,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Elberon Darkshadow,This game is absolutely beautiful. This game doesn't hit you over the head with feelings but it will leave you with feelings.
76561198047195110,Recommended,282070,16346173,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Johnny,tough
,Recommended,282070,16346760,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Vaporous Shadow,"Gave me feels. I can highly recommend this game if you don't mind the fact that it isn't randomly generated and it has limited content (After about 3 full playthroughs you will have seen everything the game has to offer). Devs have aparently hinted at workshop support coming soon, so if that happens my only complaint will be gone. Worth $20 if this is your kind of game and worth the current sale price of $8 to just about anyone."
,Recommended,282070,23944701,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Naterdmg,Nice
76561198107531673,Recommended,282070,28741761,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ⓈⒶⓉⒶⓃⒾⒶ,this game is dope...Dayuuummm the struggle to survive is real...
,Recommended,282070,28790152,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chay ♋,Pretty good
,Recommended,282070,28794957,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,xxkimeraxx,"kill, cry, loot, explore and die"
76561198066787229,Recommended,282070,16345178,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lightningburrito,great game tons of constant gameplay could do with some more items and places to explore in the city but besides that 9/10 stars
76561198104668861,Recommended,282070,16345672,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,HappyHippo,An amazing game with a unique take on the theme of war compared to most other games out there.
,Recommended,282070,33199063,Posted: 3 July,all,externalMode,Don't waste time deciding. Buy it ASAP.
,Recommended,282070,33202083,Posted: 3 July,all,petraspring5,Great game
76561197994832886,Recommended,282070,33201349,Posted: 3 July,all,スープ,Fun game and emmersive
,Recommended,282070,33207809,Posted: 3 July,all,babby formed,"oh boy. a lot of people love this game for the feels. i feel like its a chore for me. It is really well made, and the mechanics work well if you are into this. you searach for limited items to build improtant things to keep you alive. its tricky. its not for me."
,Recommended,282070,32756778,Posted: 24 June,all,Vlad Tepes III Son of the Dracul,"This game surprised me alot. I thought it would be a boring story that attempted a dark mood. Alltogether its very replayable and never gets boring as you constantly have to fight hunger, depression, comfort and sickness to survive."
76561198006338903,Recommended,282070,18316947,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,GiantJack,one of the best games ever !crazy feeling but very good for a gamei hope 11 bit studios bring us more nice games :) thx for this one
,Not Recommended,282070,27985081,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,karst,"Dark and atmospheric, but with a steep learning curve. Becomes repetitive once mastered."
,Recommended,282070,22032988,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Les Battersby,This life of ours is yours and mine.
76561198032539511,Recommended,282070,21161103,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Invictus,"Without a doubt one of the greatest sidescrolling point and clicks of all time. New perspective, incredible strategic gameplay, emotional plot development, this is a game that for whomever plays it will never forget. 1000/10"
,Recommended,282070,32645511,Posted: 22 June,all,Sirber,Très bien a date!
76561198118451254,Recommended,282070,23894466,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,misatoKing,可玩儿性很高，虽然到中后期资源太多除了吃饭白天都懒得操作，就等晚上外出biubiubiu。ps 用手柄下楼的操作简直蛋疼。。。
76561198057283529,Recommended,282070,13481767,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,"hghwolf, rational. Mostly","With all the jingoistic, mindless, press ""f"" to pay respects garbage out there it`s gratifying to see a game tackle war in a fashion that isn`t all about power fantasies or military tech wank.Plus there`s the whole ""I robbed an old couple for food and meds, what kind of monster am I ?"" factor. Should have a cannibalism option though."
,Recommended,282070,15112497,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,They Call Me El Civ,"""War is hell.  No matter how much the media may glorify it, no matter how much we might justify it in our heads, War is a terrible, bitter practice that kills actual people and ruins actual livliehoods.  Games like Call of Duty and Medal of Honor might be amazing, and we all get a kick out of seeing mel Gibson fight the redcoats in The Patriot, but games like This War of Mine serve as a bitter reminder of what falls behind the scenes.  In the end I enjoyed the game a lot, although with little replayability, I find myself hesitant to go back a second time, especially now that I know what I’m doing and know the limits of my surviors abilities.  Pick it up, especially if it’s on sale because It’s worth putting a few hours into it, even if it is just to remind you how evil the world can be, or if you’re sick of being the John Wayne and want to live through the eyes of a nobody for once.""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqxOFTQjL74&list=UUaVUKyqqEjfnjEV2IZd0uiA"
,Recommended,282070,13518157,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,tryanbran,"One of my characters died and I was so depressed I had nightmares about it over, and over, and over.11/10 Would recommend to kids age 6+."
,Recommended,282070,13026937,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Zach Rick™,"some group killed katia, so i went back i shot ever single one of them."
76561198032282758,Recommended,282070,30353139,Posted: 6 March,all,Karhi,"This game is so simple yet so deep, you will really rethink views on war after you're done"
,Recommended,282070,28971736,Posted: 3 January,all,KingTentacle [TLS],"Great game, grab it while its cheap."
,Recommended,282070,33887579,Posted: 29 July,all,Flawed Design,Oh this game.... This is a great single player survival platformer game. If you like survival and The Sims then you should pick up this game. The best survival platformer game I have ever played. Be warned though it is a very VERY depressing game.
,Not Recommended,282070,25029202,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,⇒Ｓｅｘ　Ｏｆｆｅｎｄｅｒ⇐,"It's average. Incredibly overhyped. Still riddled with a miriad of bugs, crashes and inconsistencies."
,Recommended,282070,27095888,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pick,feelsbadman simulator
,Recommended,282070,33930529,Posted: 31 July,all,alexshots,"in real life world. i dislike wars.and this game, looks like a Anti-war Movement stuff.so, yeah, recommended.the gameplay design, well, just so so."
76561198128120986,Recommended,282070,25479865,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Gentrymann,This game hits you right in the feels. Keep up the good work.Cons: Melted ice/snow shouldn't use up filters becouse you boil it.
76561198000934395,Recommended,282070,16580944,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mohiraizer,One of the best games i played for the last few years...
,Recommended,282070,25093460,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,od★zle★bake★rodjak,"Very emotional game, sadnes especialy if you play at night or rainy days! But beautifuly game at same time."
,Recommended,282070,15170505,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Validuz,Played it for 22hrs in two sittings. My plan was to 'try it before bed'I lied to myself it seems. :cThis game is  absolutely amazing. It lets you take control of a small group of survivors in the middle of a warzone. Fight for supplies and fight to keep them. Fight to stay alive and fight to end the lives of bandits.... Or more likely become one yourself. Steal everything that isnt nailed down. And if it is; Break it appart and steal the pieces. Grab it all!Its a 'hardcore' game (no saving. Autosave only.) so all encounters are intresting. Its all about time management and making sure you can get by. One day at a time.The -only- problem i have with this game is that you can only send out one person per night to scavange for supplies. But its so perfectly balanced that i guess if they've made that possible it would only screw it up.9/10. (Loses one point for not being a scifi game. Completely biased and a personal opinion. -THIS IS HOW REVIEWS ARE DONE. Objectional and personal points damnit.)
76561198066779667,Recommended,282070,13432516,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,graatiam,"There are two reasons I stop playing games, the first being I don't think the game is good, or I get tired of it. The other being I realised I actually need to eat at some point.But This War of Mine made me stop playing for a different reason: The only way I could survive is by stealing supplies from other people like a common bandit, and that made me feel like a piece of crap.This is what a survival game should be like, constantly worrying about when you will find your next meal, needing to do something drastic to get supplies, having enough supplies to sustain yourself and your group. If this game doesn't nail bullseye on what a survival game is, I haven't found it anywhere else, but here."
,Recommended,282070,27808554,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OmegWar,One of the games you have to play at least once in your life.
76561198115263915,Recommended,282070,33174341,Posted: 3 July,all,Andrew is not in Russia,"Oh wow...This game gets to your feels. It's really sad.*SPOILERS AHEAD*You'll never feel so awful until you get to the grandparents part. There is a house with lit lights. There are two old people inside, talking to each other like the war going on around them isn't happening. I went into their house, which I had to, because I had almost no food. They tried to talk me out of taking their stuff, but they couldn't stop the starving, weak, unarmed man which they could easily beat with a walking cane. They should have done something, but they didn't do anything. So I just went around their house taking their supplies. Upstairs I found the note. It was an unsend letter, probably to their grandson or grandaughter. They went on that they're going to get back soon, that they'll cook her fauvorite cookies etc. This is the point I almost started crying.War is a terrible thing. Not only for soldiers, but the people waiting for soldiers back home. You will cry, because you'll realise how bad can the world be. This game taught me that ordinary people cannot survive long in war. Yesterday I saw some military choppers and armored vehicles outside. War can come at anytime, from anywhere. And that is what is truly scary about the world we live in. Buy this game and experience that horror now, when you still have a chance to turn off the game and go to sleep."
,Recommended,282070,31516353,Posted: 2 May,all,rTaP™,"OverviewThis War of Mine isn't a game. It is a work of art. Its the first game that I have found on the market that could make me shed a few tears. This War of Mine can be classified as a mind opener and an ethical challenger. It is not a game you should play, it is a game that you need to play.I really would not like to spoil anything about the game. You really have to experience it for yourself.What makes this game different than others?Gives the player exposure to the painful reality of life for the civilians in warring countries.What should I know before buying this game?For the full effect, I recommend a binge of this game. It makes the experience more meaningful."
,Recommended,282070,31590434,Posted: 6 May,all,Chewy,"Intresting side scroller, multiple stories."
,Recommended,282070,31522742,Posted: 3 May,all,Apex,"This game is really fun, we'll designed, and very different from the other games that I play.  I guess technically it is a survival game however I think it's important to note that the survival aspect of this game is more management based.  During the day you stay at home and make repairs feed people and hopefully catch up on some sleep. During the night you have the opportunity to send a single Survivor out to a single location where they have the opportunity to scavenge through piles for materials and other supplies.  Once you have grabbed all of the available loot from any location I have never noticed it respawning.  It definitely gives more of a sense of realism to the game but also leaves you at the mercy of what seems like a random generator again this adds some sense of reality of War.  I'm not sure how I feel about feeling so limited, there really is no way that you can stockpile anything, and everyday you are barely surviving at best.  It's a true glimpse of what the situation maybe like during war, but I don't see why it's not possible to send multiple people to scavenge.  Honestly I think it's a little slow for my taste but a great game overall. It's Unique concept and beautiful graphics or why I would recommend this game. However if you're used to fast-paced games this might not be the game for you."
76561198013375367,Recommended,282070,31488460,Posted: 1 May,all,IpM,"The best Indie game i have ever played, terrific replayability, played and passed many scenarios, the first time i completed the game it took me like 2 replays. To complete the game, READ UP on all guides available, to be forewarned is to forearmed. After playing through a few times, i have learnt how to complete the game on even harder difficulties until it became kinda boring. Its good to have a game which does not give chance, but one can restart the day to get better rolls on what is going to happen at the start of the day or to get/don't get visitors.Will replay this game when totally new scenarios come out."
,Recommended,282070,31562418,Posted: 5 May,all,Kibitz,"I've experienced this title a few times, now. When I start it up, sometimes my wife asks me what I'm playing. I reply, ""I'm about to play the most depressing game ever."" The first time she asked me, and I responded with the same, she wanted to see what I meant, so I showed her. Now she just understands.This War of Mine is really something I fire up when I don't want to take over space, or shoot crowds of bad guys, or even build stuff. The characters are well developed and have stories and needs and wants and addictions and minor skills that influence how this game is played. Some characters may be better at cooking, which means they can stir rat meat in with some flabby carrots to make enough stew to feed a few survivors living under the same house a bit better. Some characters have larger backpacks which allow them to carry home more things which might give them a higher than 50/50 shot at living.There are decisions in this game which can severely impact the ending of each scenario. Some decisions are easier than others, but if you allow yourself to be immersed in their world, it seems that each decision could (and probably should) toe the line between survival for yourself and that of other people who live just down the street.Artistic, indie, maybe a little rogue-like, this title is really unsettling when you have a character under your control who is all alone in a war-torn environment. Sometimes they get depressed and refuse to cook food which will help them go on just one more day. Sometimes their depression results in suicide, even.This isn't a title for kids. This is a title for adults who want to walk a mile in the shoes of people who got stuck in the wrong place at the wrong time, and literally have to make measure of everything.Solid 10 out of 10, but be ready for a depressing session."
76561198001492899,Recommended,282070,31474512,Posted: 30 April,all,Thormentor,"I think an expanded version of this will be done as TWoM 2.  And it deserves it.It is very refreshing to see concept like this as many are saying.  This is a constant battle of resources and trying to make it through the day vs. putting aside and building for the future.  It is difficult to get ahead in the game as you can easily get stuck in one resources which causes a consequential problem in another area.  Almost like an RTS or Civ series, but trying to survive only as a war struck person or group.What is interesting is the large number of ethical questions, tied up stories and their implications to your psyche or body.  This is where they can build the product even further with more detailed stories and get lots of replayability.  You start with three people in your group - one of my guys got shot outside, the second got lethally wounded at home and died, and the third was so sad- he committed suicide.  That's realistic I must say and the game excels in that.  At the end, your goal is to survive the war and it is very difficult to get around without hurting someone or yourself.The artistic side is fairly strong in the game as well as the screens would tell you.  So plus ad minuses:+Realistic lifelike war survival+Nice screen designs+Fresh story+Can replay heavily+Complicated ethical and survival criteria-Can get repetitive if playing too frequently-Constant resource shortageOverall I liked it and as long as you do not pay a huge amount, it is worth it."
,Recommended,282070,19086359,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,[TFO]bean.exe,just get it.read other reviews if you want specifics.
,Recommended,282070,16361772,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Charlie Kelly,Depression simulator 10/10
76561198109283954,Recommended,282070,32630900,Posted: 21 June,all,VIOZOlFuck gamblingl,Very nice game :)!
76561198190833730,Recommended,282070,32631108,Posted: 21 June,all,𝓢𝖍𝓪ภ𝓮✌,Fun game
,Recommended,282070,13556907,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Thaily,"Challenging, though I'm not sure why the statistics show that so few people have finished the game? It's definitely do-able, even with a less than ideal set-up; I managed to finish the game with 1 guy. My consternation grew as day after day went by and no-one came knocking on his door looking for shelter, especially since he had all the amenities a war survivor could hope for. In the end he was still alone and drunk in his bed when the war ended.I wondered if it was a bug, but it doesn't seem to be. The only part of playing it through with only 1 person that (in my opinion) should be tweaked is that the character gets depressed because they are raided every night; I always took everything with me, building caches at outside locations, so that nothing was actually ever stolen. Thankfully they didn't program in the option that bandits either break your furniture or just take over this empty house that  has all the comforts of home.I think this is a great game with high replay value, it would be even more awesome if they continued to add more locations and potential residents of your little shelter. I also love the back stories and the little tidbits of people's stories you can find strewn about the various locations you can visit. Maybe even give the option to move to one of the locations if it's devoid of other NPCs. That would be nifty."
76561197980060305,Recommended,282070,12957427,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Loyco,Wow! That was intense...  Buy it!
76561198007663027,Recommended,282070,19527292,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Brygun,Overall a good purchase.It is about the civilian suffering side of things. I got it and played it as part of my spooky Halloween season. There is some replayability with alternate scenarios though certain map sections do reload. Everything isnt quite the same each time.
76561198120365698,Recommended,282070,13693242,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rim job master,Killed old people in their house for food just to find out we didnt need it. DEPRESSING SIMULATOR 2014
76561198035204425,Recommended,282070,12950642,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Evogenecide,"When SHTF you just try and survive.  Excellent game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,282070,18730766,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Very dark and twisted game that is amazing!Lots of searching, looting, collecting and crafting of supplies. It is a survival game going to different areas in search of supplies that you need if one of your 4 house-mates is sick, injured, hungry etc. You also gradually craft equipment, weapons, herbs, items to barter or trade, items to re-enforce your safe-house, beds to sleep, stoves to cook food collected and to keep warm to avoid getting sick especially in the winter.I survived 27 days on my second try. I slowly began exhausting the prime resources in the 10 low-mid threat zones on the map. Slowly some got sick and even the hospital wasn't as helpful this time (maybe because I was caught stealing some meds for a sick person on my team, I send a injured person to get bandages from the nurse for free) and the guard shot me resulting in death soon later. Another froze to death and one was too ill-needed more than a couple doses of meds. While I made it to most of the points on the map, some were not explored much. The challege is also the capacity you can carrry back, time you have on each map and then you can't waste any days because you will need more resources such as food. Also if killed you loose all the supplies/weapons/safety gear you brought like in real life making it a challege.My evil deeds were robbing the hospital (it was for meds for my sick companion), looted an elderly couple, but I did help someone board up windows at least. I was also killed in a church for nothing, such charitable people lol. I killed nobody, by the time I crafted my gun (should of used knife some) I was overpowered in dangerous zones anyways. Lots of aspects of this game, leaving lots of room for creativity.  Some stealth elements as well.Good graphics, decent controls and gameplay, although its a bit slow paced (shoveling, crafting, searching for loot etc which can harm replay value some) and I'm not sure of any saving (so you will need a few hours) and you can die quick with a few mistakes in danger zones. You can customize your missions too and the intensity. It does lack a tutorial, I was unware I could even select the person to scavage (with the largest bag capacity) and how to have some of my team armed and awake and on guard while I was out on missions for the first couple of hours...so little hand holding and learn through trail and error.Anyways, very unique and great game if you are a bit more mature, like to think, plan, a bit of stealth and like a dark, realistic, slow-paced adventure.9/10"
76561198084239571,Recommended,282070,29778286,Posted: 8 February,all,palas06,wow still updating? gj!
76561198061473864,Recommended,282070,28705970,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Vince131,this game will hit your feels
,Recommended,282070,17402166,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,sloan2189,"Anton, Anton, Anton...You are a good man but you are also a hinderance. These meds need to go to a stronger, more helpful person.I'll try to keep you comfortable."
76561198097706533,Not Recommended,282070,35055122,Posted: 18 September,all,2Spoon4ME,"Interesting and atmospheric game, but unstable under Linux.Game launches in 1 out of 10 tries, and still randomly hang up during playing. And it's with ""RECOMMENDED"" system properties, but yeah, under Linux. I didn't test it on Mac, mobile or Win platforms... Report on problem was send to support's team (nearly 8+ month ago) and I got fast response, but there is still no fix to that.Despite of such problems, I think game still worth to look at, but not for Linux users."
,Recommended,282070,31090016,Posted: 11 April,all,staticmyth,I cannot say enough good things about this game. You really care about the characters and feel so sad when your choices get them killed. Excellent replay value. I only wish there was more.
76561198079312701,Recommended,282070,23752088,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,YunGuiSeng,"Ive greatly enjoyed this game so far for over 270 hrs. Ive liked everything about the game from playabilty to graphics, story line , ect. Its said that all art has to do is cause one to feel an emotion, this game does this better than many others including much higher priced ones.  All the reviews youve read are on spot about this one. The possible future content can be wide and varied for even more gaming hrs. Finaly part of the money goes for a cause anyone can agree with in any times."
,Recommended,282070,21138588,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TooN,I just beat it for the first time and it's awesome. It has all the great survival components with great combat. Shows you don't need 3D graphics with terrible performance like most survival games these days to have a great time.
,Recommended,282070,21280069,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Historical,This game is great. It really makes you think before you do stuff and you will contemplate a lot.. And you will have your hands on the Alt + f4 keys a lot.. just in case :)
,Recommended,282070,24460087,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Eyyy Haaa,Stardew Valley War Version.
,Recommended,282070,18554936,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Nkylve,">game is not as emotional as I thought to be>it is easy when you know how things works - combat, food, self-sustain, etc>early game : fun, challenging, shorts of either food or material and also bandits>late game :  generate food yourself, sell useless crap for more material, feed your survivor till the game ends>game is kinda repetitive, all the scenerios are the same - the soldier/thug pattern>most survivors are moral ♥♥♥♥ who whine all the time about stealing>after all...it is just a game, there is no reason to get so emotional when you did something wrong in the gameThat being said...I still spend 40+ hours on this.Would recommend it if the game is on sales and you are not a robot without emotion or else this game is not for you."
,Recommended,282070,27020076,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheIceDragon,"Would should I say..played first time a long time ago and I enjoyed it SO MUCH in a ""sad"" way because the story is really intense if you don't just skip and try to loot everything you can..one of the few games I've spent time to search everything..unfortunatly the game is 20 buks when it's not on sale but I'd highly suggest you to wait for it to go on sale (around €3.50) because it's a must in every gamer Library.. (I'm not getting payed to say this so just trust me)"
,Recommended,282070,18048960,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Oasis,"It's not the game that should be reviewed here but the message and how it's being delivered.Some people get it, some don't."
76561198023187752,Recommended,282070,15939938,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Shut The Fuck Up,A game dev that isn't greedy..... What is this!
76561198059892081,Recommended,282070,13402003,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Chef,"I just love this game!In ""This War of Mine"" game every player/person can see how is to be civil in war.So people who play Call of Duty and other War games can now tell how is for other civil people.(Yeah its just a game but still realistic.)This game describe how would you do in war like civil. Would you just stay in your house and wait to die from lack of food,medicine,sleep etc. Or maybe someone try to rob you and kill you. Or would you do anything that YOU and your family,friends survive day by day. Even if that mean to steal and kill somebody?So for me this game is realistic as hell.So much emotions! wow!I Recommend for all you people who are sick of games where you get gun in your hand and kill everything in your sight.P.S. Sorry about my english. :S"
,Recommended,282070,13670962,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[BGK] God Emperor DeVito,I beat a priest to death with my fist for 1 uncooked food. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,16567442,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hesselberg,"Amazing. The sound, the graphics, everything. The choices you are doing and how does they effect on your player.Just amazing."
76561198209985797,Recommended,282070,34900826,Posted: 12 September,all,世界就是不公平！,Good ~
76561198146575986,Recommended,282070,29871622,Posted: 12 February,all,Henna Wang,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,282070,18832063,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,Excellent.
76561198068202991,Recommended,282070,34530192,Posted: 27 August,all,MikeDavison700,"Incredible game. Lovely graphics, disturbing storyline, simple but lovely and addictive. Buy it."
,Recommended,282070,21620543,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,theironpaw,"This is a great game,'I tried to be the good guy, I shared medication, food and assistance. Each time I helped... I lost another person who would get killed while scavenging. Until I was bitterly alone... I became jaded, and hated the world, I had to turn people away when they needed help... Everytime I went out scavenging to find food while starving, I would get broken into and my critical supplies stolen. I was barely getting by, I turned to stealing and thievery. But I kept getting broken into. Everytime I stole something someone else stole it back. This continued for 5 days straight. I couldn't go out anymore, I will sit at home and starve. This continued for a few days until I finally snapped, went to the local chruch murdered my way to the fridges in the cellars. I killed 5 People who gave hospitality and friendship. Only to find one carrot within the fridge. I stumbled home, and hanged myself the following morning. I only lasted 23 days... 2 days more and the war was over.'"
,Recommended,282070,32626983,Posted: 21 June,all,Ho Chi Sock,What a great game!
,Recommended,282070,28720555,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fish,Very good game
76561198273539965,Recommended,282070,28719779,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ShadowFax,one of the best games i've ever played in its own genre..Totally recommend it!!
,Recommended,282070,22886604,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Swier,"Even on easy it's quite difficult to make it to the end, you'll face some tough choices. The atmosphere is very grim, it carries a deep undertone. Many of the things you encounter are quite depressing, losing one of your characters, having to steal from (and possibly kill) elderly people, reading about children who have died. A confronting reality check showing you that a post apocalyptic setting is not about being the hero, it's about scraping by trying not to die and hoping for the best.The gameplay: it's very strategic and reading a 'what to build first' post is nothing to be ashamed of. Combat is very difficult and risky (emphasizing that it should be avoided). You'll probably want to have a piece of paper on hand to write down the amount of resources you need before you go out scavenging to avoid missing that one part you need to upgrade your hideout.The one thing that bugged me about the game was that you can only have one save at a time, not that I'd want to quicksave all the time, I just want to be able to have separate stories going at the same time without having to rename the save file in the game folders."
76561198006450191,Recommended,282070,22906326,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,J3tski,"An excellent simulator to how screwed you are in this kind of situation.A great time management game where you spend each night scavanging and the day recovering and improving your house. You are constantly building defences and equipment to feed your people. Supples are scarse and it will take everybit of your attention to make sure you plan ahead appropriately.It can be quite tricky to find the balance that will have all residents happy and fed.When you think are on top of it you will get some random come up and beg for something you have worked hard to get/steal. And you will be stealing stuff from other folks houses and most of them will fight back if you are caught.The graphics are beautiful and well drawn, and you find yourself sometimes getting emotionaly involved with the wellbeing of your group.If you are on the fence about this one just do yourseld a favour and get it.10/10 would try to find a better weapon instead of getting slaughted"
,Recommended,282070,22836394,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,JayPeePee,Great game. Wish more content would be added
,Recommended,282070,26551689,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MysticScribe,"This is one of my favorite games, not just because it has an interesting concept and I enjoy the gameplay but because it got be interested in other things beyond the game, such as the Siege of Sarajevo. Honestly before playing this I never gave much thought into what it was like to live in a country in the middle of a war. As an American I can feel safe when my country fights because the wars are thousands of miles from me. I'm glad that this game gave me a tiniest of glimpse of what it's like to be in those wars but not as a soldier.While after my third or fourth play through I started seeing it more as a game there are still moments when I'm jolted out of the gamer mindset. Like when after running past several times I stopped and read the note in the hospital and found that almost all of the patients in the children's ward had died. It was a jaring moment and I felt a real wave of guilt that I hadn't brought any medicine for the doctors.I treasure games that don't shine war in a light of pure glory, where the player character can triaumph over everything because that's not what war is."
76561198150278941,Recommended,282070,22884035,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,[MKN] Thunder,"Everything's great, I have tons of supplies on the tenth day. Weapons, ammuntion, food, the house is fully repaired...Then I stole a piece of wood from someone and my character went into severe depression10/10"
,Recommended,282070,22898834,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Superfluous,"Great little game, many fun hours spent scavenging and managing rescources. Highly recommend if you like survival games. Try to do a no death, no crime run for even more difficulty. 10/10 and ""F**k the war"""
76561198006714369,Recommended,282070,26552567,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cyber Warrior,"''This game is purposely unfun"" actually a really fun recource manager with a simple stealth sections where curbersome mechanics work well because you are not playing a spec ops soldier but just some random people who want to survive something they have no control over and nothing more."
76561198168346778,Recommended,282070,26552837,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Atrushan,"What a game. It took me 11 hours to finish the first time. Which was far longer than I had expected.In ""This war of mine"" you help a group of people survive in a half destroyed building. They build stuff to improve their home at day and search the town for supplies during the night.This is harder than one might think. The game is quite unforgiving and one bad decision can kill your characters easily. I lost three of them in battles with other survivors. Fortunatelly the game kept sending me new ones to fill the ranks - for a while.The fourth one was the lawyer Emilia. She already arrived wounded and even though I tried my best to keep her alive, raiders kept attacking us at night, wounding her more and more. After a few days she passed away, despite all the efforts, medicine and bandages. That was actually a bit sad.I give the game credit for being so immersive. Whether it's a trusted companion who dies or a neighbour and their children who ask for help/food, it makes you feel affected.In the end poor Bruno was sitting all alone in a fortified house full of food, supplies, weapons and ammo. The raiders were going crazy. Every night they attacked. So he stood guard during the night and slept in the day. It was an intense week but finally he survived the war and could bury his 4 friends.I had a great time and many memorable moments."
,Recommended,282070,23742929,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,XSchermanX,"Sometimes a group of visionary creators are able to break the status quo and bring something new to the Steam Community.This War of Mine is a proof of it. Worth every penny. With a discount of 75%, it is a must."
,Recommended,282070,14628252,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ASSVEHONE,good game maybe more dlc and maps could be better..i am supporting developer..this game can be AAA game i wish..
,Recommended,282070,13540645,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Big Daddy,"I must say i really did enjoy this game it took me 6 hours and alot of feelings to complete on my first playthrough. it's a really cool game and i dont really feel like going into details like the other rewiers have cause i would prolly write something that looks almost the same, (rofl) anyways if you are thinking of getting this game just do it. its so cheap and for the money its a super cool and fun game not what i expected of it to be honest but it ended up beign awesome anyways so just buy it play it then write yuor ow review cause i dont feel like spoiling anything if you have your thoughts of buying it yeah whatever you get it just buy it. PS: i only had one survivor left BibelThump9/10"
,Not Recommended,282070,13630770,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TALIBANSOULJAH,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥also everyone u play as is a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282070,13097254,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Squidward,"Just wow, Nothing to say at all....just a great game. Every thing you do it effects your people in certin ways and makes me sad when they are or when something bad happens. But when something good happens it makes you feel over joyed. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13648631,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pastah,Made me stay up an entire night.
,Recommended,282070,34217668,Posted: 13 August,all,freakywarlock,"Amazing game. The atmosphere and the fludity of the game is operating very plunger. 9/10 - 1 dislike because, i died in action. xd"
76561198110799364,Recommended,282070,26570219,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Blu Phish,"I played this game long time ago, i did not do a review then.  But i think its time to do one. Its good its very good game. I only had one issue, which is that AIs glitched one time and ♥♥♥♥ed me over. But everything else is just epic. I recommend it."
76561198093936401,Recommended,282070,28656751,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Marceline,"Cool game, puts you in a kill or be killed situation. Bought it on sale, probably worth the full price."
,Recommended,282070,32884441,Posted: 27 June,all,rausis,muito bom
76561198106290494,Recommended,282070,23194056,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Squarebox64,es gud
76561198007882739,Recommended,282070,32604299,Posted: 20 June,all,Cowtipper,great game you should buy it since it is 80% off
,Recommended,282070,32633604,Posted: 21 June,all,Juilin,"Solid, immersive, fun."
76561197986473173,Recommended,282070,32633288,Posted: 21 June,all,RottenOranges,It's you know....pretty fun.
,Recommended,282070,32633421,Posted: 21 June,all,FoyaBeninax,Great game!
76561198113050656,Recommended,282070,17725591,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,vivo,You fall deep deep deeeeep inside this game
76561198035823144,Recommended,282070,32646044,Posted: 22 June,all,cjrip,"This is really a great game. If you want to get suck into a game and story, then buy this game."
76561198017924827,Recommended,282070,33797068,Posted: 25 July,all,[RIP] Oddball,"-Rob old peeps-My peeps moral compass skewed due to desolate tones of existential despair-Peeps become depressed-Have some peep on my peeps try and de-depress my depressed peeps-Peep failed-Peeps can't be consoled-Peep tuned into classical musica on the radio-This no console the peeps-Peeps hear kids a-rap-a-rappin' on the front door-Peeps die to the muffled pleas of desperate young children, inbound for Death's embrace10/10"
,Recommended,282070,25382106,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,unmaded212,This is a great game to play to get the feel of survival as a civilian in a country in the grip of war.The two main points in this game is managing your home with up to four or less survivors and then scanvenging in other areas nearby your home.
76561198031239120,Recommended,282070,13031697,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Wargasm,"Awesome. Fairly priced. Seems the devs are ethical and sharing as well. I bought this outright on blind faith and glad I did. Its so new the replay value is minimal but I do hope enough kids out there like the game as much as I do and create some killer mods. Bare minimum, developer support, added content or wildest fantasy, another one!If the creative team wants help writting, Id be happy to lend my dark and dreary prose and (slightly) broken keyboard. ++rec'd"
,Recommended,282070,12959895,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Aktherion,"A Disturbingly designed game where absolutly every decision you make often bears grim consequences, the resources are finite and the combat unforgiving.only play this game if you want to see just how badly you would be at survivng in a real apocalypse, where the world around you is collapsing and all you can do is light up a few cigarettes, grab your friends and hold on for dear life."
76561198249283496,Recommended,282070,27845322,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hoerboer,Very tactical and feels like cocain in my veins
76561198043078405,Recommended,282070,27845659,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WP Fir3SouL,It's the story that makes you go..Whoaa
76561198017112301,Not Recommended,282070,13702232,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,walter,"Interesting premise, and some visually interesting execution. Unfortunately, a few detracting factors combine to turn me off this game. (1) The limited application of randomness to a custom-designed platform-oriented world, while intended to add replayability, really just seems more to frustrate the beginner who has not yet learned which level contains which resources requiring which tools to be taken along in order to get them. (2) The apparent repetition required in daylight hours to get everyone fed and cheered up. This could be better automated and would make the game a lot faster paced. (3) The unpolished fighting mechanics. Since fighting is actually pretty inevitable, you'd think it could be made a lot smoother and less risky. Unfortunately, half the challange now seems to be whether the AI decides to randomly step left or right, thereby causing you to click incorrectly and sudden-death your character. Not fun as stands .. could definitely be improved. (4) Certain unrealistic things like manufacturing water filters from unlikely components, crowbars that break after a few doors, etc. (5) The lack of saves. OK, sure .. it can make a small indy game more of an on-edge thing ... but it also limits your audience effectively to people with enough time in their life to bother replaying something 10+ times over just to get to a slightly new piece of content. News: lots of older gamers find this boring, and according to Steam statistics that's where the money is."
76561198166833150,Not Recommended,282070,31263412,Posted: 20 April,all,Big Nate,"Gets repetitive really quick, hence the few hours played. I must commend them on getting the grittiness of war the way it should be. Combat isn't the best though. Just don't expect this game to have much replay value. SIDENOTE: This game may give you PTSD.... nah I'm just kidding...."
,Recommended,282070,17349939,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,NemesisOnekJoss,"I wrote a freaklishly stupid review before just after running the game seeing the environment, graphics and that it is 2D side scrolling game with all you do is clicking.But the more I played this, the more I got into the characters' mind. You would see so many players saying this is a depressing game with depressing environment and let me tell you, they are absolutely correct. Your choices guide them and your decisions make them survive. It's all upto you.This is not a typical Call of Duty type of game where you can kill thousands of people and feel nothing. This is a game where you steal something and then feel terrible.I would definitely suggest everyone to play this game at least just to feel how survivors feel in wartime; specially if it is in sale because I myself bought this while this was in sale.Do not hesitate to get this."
,Recommended,282070,13201098,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Grendael,amazing
,Recommended,282070,19353701,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,gun jesus,the only game that makes your heart race when you encounter bandits........and the only game where not surviving it is a bigger punishment than wasting bullets....
76561198025228144,Recommended,282070,26567925,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Nin,"great game, great developers. EA should follow in their foot steps about content. 10 outa 10"
,Recommended,282070,20229148,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dayy,Have you ever cried while playing a videogame? I can now say I have....
,Recommended,282070,27432800,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,"Buy this game so you can feel more hopelessly and depressed in life, this game is damn good buy it"
,Recommended,282070,32599768,Posted: 20 June,all,♠️c0gb01♠,"People keep saying that this game is good...and i agree with them, although i never was one to like this kind of game, the story that this game have piqueed my interest, sadly because i'm not a fan of this kind of game i had to leave it."
,Recommended,282070,20964904,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,KrazyKat,"This War of Mine is, in my opinion, the most important and most value for a game on Steam presently. The game is loosely inspired by the siege of Sarajevo from 1992-1996 during the Bosnian war. That being said, this is not a historical game. You will not learn anything about Bosnia, Herzegovnia, Yugoslavia, or Srpska in this game. If this was a historical representation of that war, it would be susceptible to many counter-claims of realism. People did not raid the homes of old people, you might say; the survivors of the conflict came together. People did not scavenge at night, it was too dangerous. So and so forth.All of that is to miss the point. This game immerses the player in a cohesive framework that presents a compelling attitude toward war: that for non-combatants, war is wretched, a disruption to life that even among the survivors might not be recovered from. In a strange way, this makes the game all the more compelling as a game. Yes, you can get better at the game. You can learn to play the mechanics. You can scavenge more efficiently and perhaps if you play enough you will learn how to attack some of the belligerents hurting the civilians. I do not, however, think this game ever becomes a power fantasy, and that is precisely what makes it distinctive, exciting, and even important.This is a game that should be played, and perhaps the most important game on Steam right now."
,Recommended,282070,20171495,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gagaween,This game is incredible.
,Recommended,282070,32634881,Posted: 21 June,all,Commanche,Great game. In its simplicity lies its beauty.
,Recommended,282070,15219576,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sohberson,"Lost main guy in a shuffle happened, as turned out, at last day before ceasefire.Sweet gosh darn fighing system devs. Everything is so gray I couldn't tell what person was my dude.RIP 2014-2015As for the rest, great game"
76561198136328219,Recommended,282070,13489374,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TexanCrusader87,this is the best game i've ever played played.
76561198312322816,Recommended,282070,24259862,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,WolfCall,New to this game and so far haven't slept enough and burnt dinner twice in the past week.  :)
,Recommended,282070,25400731,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,W.A. the Anum,"(My screenshots are taken in German so im sorry if i might trans. in english badly.)A game so deep, its really hard to explain...I got this game a wile back (wintersale i guess) and kinda ignored the fact i really have it. So i played the ""usual"" games i play normaly. So a wile back, i was looking into my games which are existing somewhere in my big ""library void"" and found this game again and gave it a try.From the very first moment, i know, this game let people change their mind (or at least let them think twice about stuff) and that this game is not everyones ""cup of tea""...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=759706815Monocrome and a style so black...Its hard to explain the game but i try it. As i said, this game is not really for everyone since it could make people very fast ""depressive"" since its dark and ""hopeless"" from the very first moment.The game begins with a quote which tell us""In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason"" (Ernst Hemingway, 1935)This ""quote"" alone already tells us how the game works at most. You play not even a handful civilians which have their own backgroundstory, ""abilitys"" and ""rating"" of the war. Some of them might already start hurt, sick or like. You have a big house where the people ""tries"" to find cover from the war which is running outside.Said that let you maybe guess that you are not a ""warfighter"" here - you only try to survive the war.""Dont give up.""You begin with very little stuff you can find at the house you start so that you actually can build stuff you might need the most, like a bed or strove coz you only have a workbench at the startpoint. You also can work at your home and ""people"" at the day time coz this time is the ""quite time"" where you need to repair your home, eat food, get sleep, build stuff, smoke, drink coffee (yea, the last 2 ones are even part of the game...), trade and much more.Thats just one side of the game and, in my opinion, the more easier one. The hard one is the Nighttime alias the ""plunder"" time.At the night time, the game let you choose to go outside on a plunder tour or stay at home and cover or sleep. Since in the very beginning, you have nearly nothing and you need stuff, you are more or less forced to go plunder old homes, stores, warehouses and like. This tours are easy at the beginning but as longer the game is as harder it gets the stuff you might need right now. next to this are some people of yours only good in plunder tours with a big bagback wile others might are slow or faster but only can hold a hand full of items.""This War of Mine""Wile the day and night time, you also have really to fight with inner moments and moral decisions. Like you have someone who needs sleep but is the best one to go on plunder tours, someone is hurt but is the best one to defend your home, youre nearly out of food but you also need something to burn to keep the place warm and and and. So this means youre forced to leave something behind. At the day time, you might let someone not sleep so he can build XY stuff and give someone else the medicine he actually could also need. At the night time, You might go plunder for some junk and wood to keep the place warm insteed of food wile maybe someone is starving. Its mostly hard to go only for ""one opinion"" since the stuff you might have (or need) is only that much to keep the house and player running for maybe the next 2 days...Sometimes, you have no choise...At the night time on the plunder tours (mostly in the later game) you also might cross your ways with bandits or even the army or sharpshooters which will harm you for sure and might kill you. Since your people are  not armed (at the beginning) or even not ""build for war"", you should avoid such confrontation of any kind or youre losing your people very quickly. Next to this is the ""fight system"" more or less sometimes pur luck. You maybe have a knife and the ""enemy"" a gun and you go close combat but maybe your guy hasnt slept well or he is already hurt or sick. that all makes it harder for the one you sended to plunder to fight actually, next to this if you might fight innocent people your people can lose moral or even get desperately or depressive, which let them work slower or forget about things they might should do, like guard the home.ConclusionThis War of Mine is really a great made game which let people really fight sometimes with their innerself. You have really moral decisions to choose and think about the consequences which might happen.I would recommend this game to peoplewhich enjoy survival games or games like Organ Trail, which is also in the same style at least but not for people which maybe cant stand the pressure of moral decisions.I played it till the end now (ones...), and am glad i did it well...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=759706747"
,Recommended,282070,35209657,Posted: 25 September,all,mk160fc,Very Interesting
76561198076527925,Recommended,282070,18417252,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,METALROX,Very sad!Buy DLC and help people!
,Recommended,282070,24829342,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,John Marsh,Although it can look boring and stagnant there have definitely been moments that my heart races and I've slammed my desk in annoyance. I'll admit I've rage quit a few times when I lost my good characters. I'd recommend this to any one who likes a strategic survival and who doesn't mind the thrill of getting a kill on soldiers and bandits.
,Recommended,282070,24801426,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,iiralfyii,Gr8 time killer
,Recommended,282070,13012264,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Nox,"Nice art style, smooth flowing game with a good amount of intuitive gameplay and reasonable consequences.I've played it as a psychopath, and played it as a samaritan - both have their up sides and down sides.There are some huge benefits to developing trade relationships, and some obvious short term gains from taking what you need."
76561198010295227,Recommended,282070,13295307,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,arthureloi,Very good!
,Recommended,282070,18212051,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bleki,It's a great depressive survival war game.I found it really hard however had much fun.It's quite long and also replayable with different options and choices.I can just recommend it.
,Recommended,282070,29134999,Posted: 8 January,all,Dux,"I picked this up for around $5 and it is well worth it. The game is so full of character and nothing like any game i've played before. You must ensure the survival of your household's occupants by managing their hunger, health (sickness), emotional welbeing (depression/sadness) and the temperature of the house. Some great stories if you're willing to read through the bio's."
76561198006723728,Recommended,282070,13074298,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Minsk and Boo,"This game is honest, gritty and ultimately satisfying in a way I can't compare to any game I've played before and I've been gaming since the late 80s. It touched me. Can't say anything more positive than that.If this is an indicator of the level of true genre-busting innovation, depth and maturity we can expect in the future of PC gaming, I'm excited."
,Recommended,282070,15833801,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,vmfstorm1,"If you ever feel like being depressed about the futility of human existence despite one's best efforts, buy this game.Seriously, this is the only game thats ever just made me shed some tears.  Youll certainly care for your characters and when they die of a gunshot wound shivering in a poorly lit war torn house you will feel for their housemates as they go through bouts of depression and even suicidal thoughts.These guys got survival down to a ♥♥♥♥ing science, if every survival game could even come close to capturing this we would all be doomsday preppers."
76561198014485375,Recommended,282070,19330889,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mad hatters in jeans,"It's a touching game about war time experiences for civilians.You have to juggle limited resources and decide whether you have to take risky decisions in order to survive.Do you steal from some elderly folks or do you take a risk and arm up to take on a group of thugs?The crafting system is okay, the character development is a nice touch and each character responds to different events in their own ways.There's even a radio, although it only has like 4 stations and of those only 2 are musical. And of those only 1 is bearable to listen to. But what the radio does is it can give you information, which is critical if you need to know exactly when winter will come, or when there will be an outbreak of crime.Each thing you can create or craft gives you new options and ways to play, lockpicks can be a lottery but sometimes you just need to take a chance to get food/medicine. Hatchets are amazing but cost a lot of resources to tech up to. Knives are essential. My only gripe with the crafting system is that I wish there were more things you could create.The only real downside is the combat mechanics are very counter intuitive, if you misclick or mistime your backstab the character you're controlling can very easily die. The way combat works is almost like it's ""turn based"" except it isn't actually turn based. It's as weird as it sounds.Honestly If it were turn based the game might have been considerably better.Once you lose a combat situation you're basically down a survivor. That's a huge burden which most if not all new players will not be able to cope with. I'm not a fan of this interaction although it punishes sloppy play it doesn't really teach you anything about why you lost your game.However those combat complaints aside, not all areas are combat areas and sometimes you learn some interesting information from people you meet. There are stories everywhere and that's what makes the game wonderful.I really enjoy this game as a storytelling device. The interesting pencil effects on the background are pretty and clever, the music is incredible. But after about 5 hours of play you'll want to play your own music instead.There's so many things that make this game fun, but it is not an easy game to learn. You will lose your first few playthroughs until you understand how the mechanics work.Unfortunately, the guides that give you basic information about how to play just aren't enough, you have to deal with spoilers if you want to get ahead of the game. (ie know when and where to trek to, what items to take when you do, how many people need to stay behind and guard each night).It is a unique game, but it could have been much much better. Perhaps in time things might change. but as of 28/11/2015 this is how the game works."
,Recommended,282070,27369583,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,That1Dude,"This does get repetative, but for your first play, it is a heart-wrenching emotional rollercoaster. It will leave you walking away with a surreal ""this actually happened"" feeling. It is well worth at least one go."
,Recommended,282070,12959048,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Trien,"Amazing game,  it is all about survival and the tough choices you have to make. This is my first ever review, this game hits alot of deep emotional chords and has good gameplay. Amazing!"
76561198007534331,Recommended,282070,13016028,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,kingdavis45,"Two kids came to my door asking for food.  They couldn't feed themselves since their parents were sick and couldn't go out looking for it.  At the time I didn't have enough to give them so I told them to come back later.  That night I went out scavanging and ran across a lot of food to bring back to the house.  It was like a party.  Everyone ate until they were good and full for two days in a row. :)   On the third day the two kids return.........The same two kids I forgot all about........uuuuugggggh and I ate almost all the food but one ration and they wanted two.  They knocked on the door.......I had to make a decision.....They kept knocking asking for someone to please open the door because they were hungry.......ummmmm..... I wouldn't open the door at all.  My people started asking things like. ""Did I hear a knock?""  ""I think someone needs to answer that.""  I started my adventure off as a good neighbor...but this is war and war will make you this way...... so I turned my back on the little kids...... Fare  well innocent ones.........farewell.....well......well....well.. (as my voice echoed in my mind)   It was in my mind because I didn't want the kids to really hear me.Thanks to my selfish ways I was able to finally beat this wonderful depressing game at last.   9.5/10"
76561198033873457,Not Recommended,282070,16361093,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Elthridge,"Too many technical problems for peasant pc's like mine. The game looks fun, I just cant play it with the resolution I have on my system."
76561197960818168,Recommended,282070,16372949,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Toxic,"A must have for Survival Fans, this is a more realistic feel and play of real survival. Anything can happen, and sometimes you have to make hard decisions to survive! When this game goes on sale, BUY IT!! It is worth it!!"
76561198075657540,Recommended,282070,18364472,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CursedHonor,Hard but rewarding and will give you feels.
,Recommended,282070,21650649,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Poprin,"I picked this game up some time ago in a steam sale, tried it for a couple of hours and thought... damn that's really hard. So cut to about a year later and I decided to pick this out of my game backlog!!I'm sorry I didn't play this game when I bought it, I've been totally addicted to it all week and played it every night... finally completing it this evening. The concept for the game is refreshing and quite frankly excellently executed. It's a survival game set in a war torn eastern European city, you must guide the fate of up to four civilians and try to keep them all alive until a cease fire is called. The focus of this game is very much on scavenging, base building and resource management. Combat is possible during the game but should be avoided at all costs because you are almost always outgunned and / or outnumbered! It is possible to get weapons in the game, on my final playthrough I think that game completion was secured by getting a shotgun on about day 4 which I used to protect my home to great effect during an ensuing crime spree. The game has a great level of depth and requires micro management and resource planning. There is a strong trading and crafting element to the game and is arguably its core mechanic alongside stealthy scavenging.The big plus point of this game from my perspective is being a mature gamer you can play this game in a day and night cycle at a time as it saves the game each morning. This effectively happens in 10 minute chunks so it's easy to pick up and put down. I'm not going to give this game a score, I will simply say that as a game from a small company the finish and stability would put some big studios to shame. The graphics and sound effects are top notch. This game is a must play, regardless of the type of game you enjoy. Pick this up and try it you won't be disappointed, the one caveat being that it is intended for a mature audience."
76561198016006222,Recommended,282070,28843474,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Agahmoyzen,I'll recommend it for the atmosphere and the simple play style that hooks you up in a couple of minute. But I don't see much replay value in the game. My biggest dissapointment is the low enemy numbers. There aren't many dangerous situations your characters can get into and none of the enemies in the locations don't refresh. You might say this is not a tradional survival game but hitting an army barrack then seeing no new soldiers or other looters fill up the place is plain unrational and it is dissapointing.
76561198038469378,Recommended,282070,13488732,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,suppa,"Really great title. It's part adventure, part resource management sim, and part side scrolling action/stealth depending on how brave you feel.It's not too difficult either, and the recent patch added some replayability.Some parts could use improved controls (like switching between scavenging and combat) but once you get the hang of it it works well.Highly recommend!"
43402402520682123,Recommended,282070,20120682,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Music Junkie,"-Murdered A group of banditsEveryones depressed for a week-Murders an elderly coupleHad to do it! it was me or them!-Steals from hospitalITS ALL JUST TOO MUCH!-kills sniperGot what he deservedThat needs a little work IMOThe Freak: ♥♥♥♥in hell mateThe Freak: Seriously if you EVER have the extra money buy This War Of MineThe Freak: BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVERThe Freak: and finding out the stories of your SURVIVED characters makes you want to keep playing to find out the othersThats a few reasons I love the game as wellSeriously tho, I literally took ""Roman"" (military character who is BADASS in PVP since he is ""trained in combat"") and slaughtered so many bandits SINGLE HANDEDLY its sad. he only died after I fought the guys at the Brothel and killed 6 of em before being so wounded by 3 I couldnt move and had to make a last stand behind a door.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT;Why does the ♥♥♥♥in DLC cost more then the game during the 'Sale'? that makes no sense.Also the DLC doesnt add anything major, just a new character type (kids) their stories (which isnt really adding anything, just typing out a  few things) and some options like 'Feed them' ffs.... makes no sense and is just a money grabber"
,Recommended,282070,13283939,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Netzach Sloth,"A guy wanted to trade me some food for meds for his sick dad.  I didn't have any meds and was near starving to death, so I stabbed him, then he shot me to death.  The next day my buddy came buy with his trusty shovel and bashed the guy's head in, then looked toward the father who proceeded to run away, fall down the ladder, and die.  OMG I haven't laughed so hard in ages.  GET THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198009819059,Recommended,282070,26537223,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Orgasmik,I love this game as much as i love Bruno my house wife! :D
76561198023646674,Recommended,282070,26534892,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Man Lee,"hands down one of the best in this genre addictive realistic and rewarding, 9.5/10"
76561198022730251,Recommended,282070,26538739,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ho_bean22,One of the best games I've ever played. The presentation and the emotion brought to life in this work of art is amazing.
,Recommended,282070,26540639,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gucci $nakes,deep
,Recommended,282070,13848622,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Ziigler,"After reading reviews it seemed like something I'd like.1st hour: Eh, I don't see the dealio...Hour 2: Ok, I get it now, it's a good game I guess.Hour 10: wtf? Where the day go?If you get at all emotional about game stories this is for you.If game stories have no affect on you, it might be a bit off for ya.I had to read some of the hints to get going but once you get the hang of it, it wastes away your day.Don't read too many hints or they'll spoil the game some.Mechanics are somewhat simple and easy but a couple times when u try to click fast it will select the wrong item and can totally waste time on something you were working on. This can be avoided by being very catious(but impossible when trying to multitask) but it truly is the game deciding which one it ""thinks"" you want to click on.Makes you want to replayWARNING: This game has a HIGH risk of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off BUT look back and see if it was the game or YOU?Definitely worth the price in cigarettes!"
76561197997073466,Recommended,282070,30151409,Posted: 24 February,all,DudeZor,g
76561198072304748,Recommended,282070,12953918,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,whitehawk75,"An amazing game.. when it doesn't crash.I wish there was a save feature, all you have is an auto save at the beginning of each day.Besides the 2 complaints up top I still highly recommend this game as a pick up!"
76561198009380728,Not Recommended,282070,16382932,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,_Ian_Feel_Keepin_It_Real_,"This game looks very nice, I love the art style and the game mechanics work well.I was disappointed to discover it's basically just a resource collection game and after playing for one, ninty minute session, I'll probably never play it again.All the good aspects of this game are wasted on the fact that you just do the same thing over and over again. It would have been a lot more enjoyable if the game was story driven, play through the levels as survivers trying to escape a war worn city."
,Recommended,282070,18925807,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ScoobyScoobert,Nice atmosphere
,Recommended,282070,20249032,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fox,Out Of Any Game in my Libary War of Mine was the best! I can't Wait to see the mods!
,Recommended,282070,26179701,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[SynRG] A Big Red Ball,"The first time I played this game I clocked 25 hours in a single session.I was trying to survive any campain and after losing 25 days in with M,P,B and 42 days (that was a ♥♥♥♥♥, I starved to death) with A,Z,P,C, I finally survived a M,P,B with Bruno and Boris. Then I started an 80 day custom campaign with R,B,Z,K and only quit when Roman got shanked cause I miss clicked underneith the Church.If you hate time-management sims with building don't play this.If you hate combat that is entirely mouse-based don't play this.If you like brutally hard suvival games with minor RNG elements, well-implemeted stealth, and built-in modding tools then you will like this game.10/10 real tobbaco ciggarettes"
,Recommended,282070,17881862,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Commander Kenstar,"""Can you help my mother?""2 of us are hungry, one sick;_;"
,Recommended,282070,33187934,Posted: 3 July,all,Pepsi on the water. Time to feed,"Bruno, why..."
,Recommended,282070,18768631,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Riley2142,"I went to the church every day to trade with the preist, but one day i heard a lady crying. Going to check it out, the priest and another hulking dude ganged up on me and told me to get out, and then shot me to death.10/Toorealistic"
,Recommended,282070,15612284,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Never Nude,its not as deep or moving as they make it seem.I beat it.
76561198013251616,Not Recommended,282070,33749468,Posted: 23 July,all,Kael Darkwind,"tried it, played for about 2-3 hours. wasnt very impressed. very slow paced and just wasnt for me."
,Recommended,282070,13783467,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Woah!,"This game make me feel bad deeply everytime i killedinnocent civilian to survive, So I'll try not to killing anyone and winning this game.I never know how much bad war can be till I played, and I realizethat war is so much worse innocent people is dying, and try to survive."
76561198044006471,Recommended,282070,21395566,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
76561197970508370,Recommended,282070,23074221,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,OkO,Awesome
76561198005444839,Recommended,282070,12998035,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,William_Dracul,"Tough, immersive, unforgiving game. Highly recommended."
76561197974191072,Recommended,282070,13007658,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dozzer,"Great game very dark, like the characters and the survival aspect of the game . Shame you can't create a secure area to store your best loot as it is really annoying when you have been out and your base has been looted. I think it has lots of protential for expansion though. I would recommend this one it looks great and plays well, very few bugs."
,Recommended,282070,18377555,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,RedMonster377,"I haven't played this game for long yet, but I already love it. It shows war from a very unique perspective that I haven't seen used in a game before. It really shows the brutal, depressing life that civilians have to live in an occupied or seiged city. and its even better now with the workshop. I'd definitly reccomend it, escpecially since its on sale rn. Only thing that kind of bothered me was the difficulty. There was a point where my house was getting broken into almost every single night, and eventually all of my people got wounded and couldn't recover because I would get attacked the next night too. Other than that, great game."
,Recommended,282070,16833091,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,rragh001,"Simply amazing.It's good for about 10 playthroughs, before things get too familiar.Expect to get about 24 hours of amazing play, and more hopefully, when stuff is added."
76561198033443675,Recommended,282070,29897263,Posted: 13 February,all,Zoot,"better drama then twilight or any other cwappy movies and shows out there..would kill the old mans wife again..i wonder..are we gonna have the ability to play as bad people,like..bad survivors..you know what'm sayin...bandits..cmon now..it has been 2 years."
,Recommended,282070,13953587,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Twxi,"I could play this game forever. I mean, really this is the first game I've ever put so much effort into with such little time. Do what I did and just DIVE into this game reading no WIKI, not watching any gameplay videos, nothing. Complete and utter sink or swim experience, and trust me you'll sink. But it's not the kind of defeat that has you frustrated that makes you want to quit this game.No.It's the kind of frustration the festers when you know you made a mistake. I shouldn't have robbed those people, because my survivor is broken and now I can't go out and scavenge for food. I shouldn't have tried to take on those armed thugs because now someone has died. I should have boarded up my house sooner because I thought I could push my greed and make some animal traps and survive the night with just an axe.That's the kind of frustration that we love. That lingering sense of victory behind the shroud of misfortune that this game keeps pulling you into.You've read all the reviews before you, you know it's features. You know about the sense of immersion that game has, so how about replayability?TWOM's replayability is limited ONLY by your imagination. That's right. Play the game after you have danced with your 25 raw food, your armory of 10 Assault Rifles and 8 Shotguns and make it harder for yourself. Challenge yourself: ""Can I beat this game without killing a SINGLE person?"" Then you have something refreshing. Can you defeat winter... with no furnace? ""But that's impossible!"" Shh-... It is possible, once you pick apart this game and find that it's real gem is you.This game brings out all your colors. Your mechanical decision making-side that rushes animal traps so you can float raw food. The emotional shade that tugs on your heart when you kill Emil leaving the widow there to cry. All of that and more.10 out of holy-crap-sticks-made-of-gold 10.A game I will never forget, and neither will you."
,Not Recommended,282070,20001985,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ToucheRabbit,"You'll realise how little there is to game after an hour or two. Sure, each scenario is technically different. This character team instead of that one, different (of a total of two) base (maybe). The environments open up in a different order. Thats really it. It's not anything where your going to experience your own game, your just going to experience the scripted one in a differently arranged set of modules. Doesn't get you attached to the characters at all, really. One of the characters who I held as my favorite died, and I was only upset about the loss of his added carry weight. Oh, yeah.The combat is pretty jenky. AI will react instantly while you fumble through the mobile phone game-esque looking combat system. Looting is a little interesting, but even with the scripted looting areas there fails to be much of interest. Binary moral choices that are incredibly obvious (Literally, yes or no to ""help this person?"" most of the time). By an hour or so in, you'll be murdering looters and starting fights not because your desperate for resources to survive and are doing so reluctantly, but because you are desperate to find something that might be fun and worth coming back to."
,Not Recommended,282070,20888343,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,イナゴ,"Great game but the developers abandoned the PC version in favour of the new console releases, avoid unless you like paying the same for half the content"
76561197991611975,Not Recommended,282070,16372942,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Swagman,"Now I know a lot of people like this game and maybe question a negative review after an hour of gameplay but here are some personal thoughts and ideas about the game and why I didn't enjoy it. The gameplay is rather slow and a bit dull, the concept of the game is great but I personally feel like it doesn't live up to it's potential. For example the characters complain non-stop and make the game feel more like babysitting than surviving. I could not find it in me to care about thier problems. The crafting system works great but the amount of resources required for some things seems questionable, and one-time use saw blades and lockpicks tend to slow things down even more. I think that if this game was remade to be a 3rd-person sandbox type it would be much better than the side-scrolling, pre-set locations."
,Not Recommended,282070,18365320,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,NighthawkBNE,"While I can see the appeal for some, I can't in good conscience recommend this game.Why?  Absolutely no tutorial and yes it needs one.  No way is it intuitive enough to get the nuances without one.  For me my crafting table was destroyed on the 2nd night, apparently I'm the only one this has ever happened to as I played a few more nights and with searching online could find no way to get a crafting table back...  start again....While you have 3 characters to control at the start it's most tedious and boring.  Very little activity on screen and it's all about the story and the struggle, so I guess if that sounds appealing maybe this is your game.Short summary'PRO'S- arguably stylistically attractive in the graphics department- morally a great concept and testing of your choices in the gameCON's- not intuitive to learn to play- lots of 'waiting' for things to happen- feels very turn based even though it's kinda real time- no actual 'save game' feature, seems if you exit takes you back to the start of the day you're on- interaction options with NPC's severely limitedI had been intrigued by this game since release and couldn't justify full price.  Was finally tempted for a $7 steam special to buy it.  Gave it a chance and for me found it wanting.  Not $7 worth for me, felt it could have been so so so much more and just wasn't."
,Not Recommended,282070,17246422,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Typical_Name,"I'm going to have to join the minority here and say that I rather disliked the game overall.Storywise, I found it very underwhelming compared to what was advertised.  The game simply does not provide an atmosphere that is conducive for the player to form emotional attachments to the characters - we see very little character development aside from a handful of short text blurbs.  In-game interactions are fairly basic - they feel hungry when not fed, get sick when they are cold, feel tired when they do not sleep, and become depressed when they commit murder (oddly, as far as I remember, characters do not have a similar reaction when stealing from innocents).  After the novelty of the game wears off, these interactions tend to feel sterile, reptitive, and predictable.In essence, the player never really gets to know the characters, and as a result there is nowhere for the advertised empathy to take root.  I still feel like I'm playing a video game, rather than interacting with a game universe - ie, I would not feel bad when I have Boris murder a handful of people in cold blood for their loot, because those ""people"" are faceless NPCs who do not have moral value.  Boris will feel depressed afterwards, but ""depression"" is something that can be cured with a couple clicks and some time, and he'll be right back to the status quo within a night or two and ready to kill faceless NPCs again.  And this cycle repeats endlessly until the end of the war, with the only long-term consequence being a different blurb of text at the end of the game (characters get better or worse epilogues depending on whether you have them spend time being nice to people or murdering them).Occasionally, the game will attempt to give an NPC a face (many of the non-faceless NPCs are already dead by the time you arrive on the scene), but the interactions in the game are always too short and non-interactive to provide much of an impact.  Why should I care about the life of that person in the semi-abandoned house?  She's shooting at me, video game logic dictates that I kill her.  That is the sum of her character, and that does not change simply because another NPC runs over and starts crying over her corpse.  Am I supposed to care simply because I see an animation that resembles someone feeling sad?  As far as I remember, she isn't even given a name, ingame (she is named on the wiki, though).  Both she and the helpless civilian mourning her death lack the complexity needed to provoke a thoughtful or sympathetic reaction from the player.  They don't feel like they're actual people, especially after you've seen the exact same scene multiple times.I also find that the emotional impact gets buried under the slow and reptitive gameplay.  I found that, at first, I was too busy trying to learn the game and survive to care much about the NPCs I encountered (""oh, there's a man caring for his elderly parents... hey, look, duct tape!  Exactly what I needed to progress through the game!"").  By the time I learned the game, it felt routine enough that stealing from and killing the NPCs was simply part of a game (""What, you're caring for your elderly parents?  Meh, seen it 27 times.  Hand over the carrots."").Similarly, as I got more familiar with the game, the limited AI in the game made many of the NPCs less believable.  Logically, if I walk into the military base with an assault rifle, a hatchet, and heavy body armor and blow/chop the heads off half the soldiers stationed at the facility (not hard to do once you've learned the levels and the combat mechanics), and then retreat into the night before the timer reaches daylight, the remaining soldiers SHOULD have some sort of reaction by the time I return the next night.  But no, they don't even alter their patrols.  They keep walking in the same patterns as they always did, completely ignoring the murder of their comrades and the gaping hole in their front gate's defenses.I also find it rather unsatisfying how little we're told about the war itself.  We know that there's a war, and it's bad for the civilians (like any war), and this is somehow supposed to be enough.  It isn't enough, because it doesn't feel believable and it's not an engaging story.  Why is this war being fought?  Who is fighting it, and what do they stand for?  The game rarely gives the player relevant information about what's going on, even when doing so would greatly help the immersion of the game (for instance, if you visit the rebel-occupied school, why don't the rebels take the opportunity to give you some propaganda pamphlets to read?  Why doesn't the government try to drum up patriotism if you visit the military base?).Are these rebels revolutionary freedom fighters overthrowing an oppressive government, or are they reactionary terrorists?  The message of the game seems to be that it does not matter, and we should focus on the plight of noncombatants because feelings.  Such a sentiment can only preserve the status quo (as wars happen because of attempts to disrupt the status quo), which may well do more long-term harm to the civilians than the war - we don't know, because we aren't told what the status quo is or why the war is being fought.  Maybe the pre-war government was democratic and defend human rights, or maybe it was tyrannical and oppressive.  Maybe the rebels are really trying to help the people, or maybe they're bloodthirsty thugs trying to instill fear.  Maybe neither side is so clear-cut.  Instead of developing this interesting storyline, the game chooses to focus on meaningless appeals to emotion which usually don't stir up the intended emotion and over-dramatic short stories that usually come across as pieces of a story rather than a finished story.  For example, why should we care whether Katia publishes her journal or burns it?  We never knew her in the first place.  We don't even know most of what's going into the journal.  ""She"" was never anything more than a photograph and a few sentences of text, and these were not enough to create an emotional connection between her and the player.It is almost as if the entire point of the game was to anviliciously try to portray war as fundamentally pointless and gruesome and assert that the only meaningful things are the lives that are damaged by it, but the game fails in demonstrating these because the pointlessness is only brought about by mediocre storytelling and the gruesomeness isn't adequately conveyed in-game, and nor do the lives feel meaningful.It's an ok game, in terms of gameplay, but gets old fairly quickly.  The days in particular often have periods in which you are not doing anything but waiting for something to happen or be built - this is especially the case if you're new to the game and don't have a specific plan laid out in advance with regards to what you need to do and what you need to do it.  Gathering enough resources, particularly food, is difficult at first (especially if you want to survive without stealing), but it gets easier over time. and scavenging quickly starts to feel dull and reptitive.  It's also not particularly difficult once you get rolling - if you're efficient about your looting and resource management, you'll probably have enough resources to go around for most of the game.  Combat is difficult at first, but becomes much easier once you learn the mechanics and even easier once you loot some high-quality gear (the key is to have someone good in melee combat use a hiding place and stab someone in the back with a knife or hatchet as they're walking by.  If they have allies, they'll sprint towards the scene, but you can usually step right back into the hiding place and do the exact same thing with them too.  The NPCs are stupid enough that these kinds of tactics can be used to clear out entire areas, with the only real danger coming from situations in which you're either caught unprepared or have to fight multiple NPCs at once.)."
76561198004145982,Not Recommended,282070,18418747,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,akmatov,"This is a very interesting and innovative game with at least one never fixed serious bug and a weird and fantasy moral view, but fatally marred by a few bugs and misjudgements by 11Bit.  First, after being sold for a year they still haven't made taking essential survival goods from bandits and soldiers guilt free - and too much guilt causes charaters to hang themselvers.  But you can kill them without guilt.  Crazy.Also, the developers have over focused on guilt, depression and suicide as the normal result of being as ruthless as such a situation requires.  Most cities and towns have enough food for less than a week.  In order to survive, you have to take food and cause others to die.  Just reality.  Also, in such a situation cannabalism is what helps some surivive.  Not much talked about but it is reality.  It's winter, you are literly about to stave to death and happen upon a frozen corpse.  What is the rational response.  Said to taste just like pork.  You eat and you and yours survive.Also, the make you own character system is about a third of what you need to produce an original, interesting character.Fixed this would be a five star game, instead I give them one star for taunting us with a potentially great game, but deeply flawed to the point of funless to play"
76561198122472944,Not Recommended,282070,28149573,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Nicholas,"I initially enjoyed this game, and while I still think it's nicely done in some ways, I just had to add a negative review since it hasn't had that many.After finishing it 1 1/2 times I'm over it. It's repetitive and uninteresting. I feel no emotional connection to any of my characters, which really means I don't ever get the feeling of having to make 'tough decisions' as others have claimed. The bleakness of the games aesthetics do more to depress me about wasting my own life playing a resource management sim, rather than make me empathise with these characters.Yes it's about how people would normally endure war, much different to most violent games one would otherwise play, but that doesn't necessarily make it fun or even interesting. It does, however, end in an emperor's new clothes style blanket positive reviews, as peoples' minds are blown that it realistically represents how experiencing a war must be, and they feel they must express this. This may be to show off their burgeoning sympathy/empathy, in understanding the suffering of others. That's great and all, the only problem is in this game, you're basically just a bean counter, which isn't very fun."
76561197974149460,Not Recommended,282070,21111092,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Wrath of Westchester,"While it's concept is good, it simply lacks in too many areas to be considered a good game.It is simply a reptitive grindfest for resources, which makes you often keep coming back to the same areas over and over because of how limited your inventory space is.The combat is clunky and unresponsive. No voice acting whatsoever. No randomization whatsoever. You will get the same locations, with the same enemies repeating the same patterns. This game is a novelty, nothing more."
,Not Recommended,282070,16396823,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,raylu,"TWoM is, in a word, shallow. It's not terribly hard to predict the sorts of basic dilemmas the player will be presented with, but it is surprising how poorly they are executed.I raided an elderly couple's home and the old man followed me around trying to guilt trip me. Once he started repeating lines, though, I remembered I was just playing a video game. I accepted a stranger into our home but nobody interacted with her at all. In fact, besides mechanics-related dialogue (""This shovel is doing its job."" and ""I'm glad I have this shovel"" - yes, those are two actual lines from the game), the characters only assert their humanity through short blurbs in their bio.The game has a needlessly confusing interface. What does this circle icon mean? What effect does this item have on the person using it? What is the difference between ""parts"" and ""components""? Why is overflow text and inventory always handled by dragging instead of scrolling?This is just a survival game with shallow, repetitive guilt trip elements. Imagine the depth of a horror game that just throws cheap scares at you every 5 minutes. Now imagine that there's actually only two cheap scares - a ghost that shouts ""boo"" and a skeleton that charges you. That's the depth of TWoM."
76561198031078667,Not Recommended,282070,24057851,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pallini,"It's a nice game but very repetitive.PS: when someones dies, you can quicky ALT+F4, so you can redo that day with all ppl alive again :)."
76561197968039388,Not Recommended,282070,28148155,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"Not really all that interesting. It's hard to figure out what to do. If you kill people, you get depressed. If you don't kill people and they kill one of your's, you get depressed. If you don't have enough stuff you get depressed. If you steal, you get depressed. Even for no reason you get depressed. You try to get your characters to talk to help with the depression and it bugs out and you can't do anything until the next day. Only fun for a few hours."
,Not Recommended,282070,15280147,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Snovicus,"Dull and non-engaging. While I admire This War of Mine's attempt at interactive narrative, it falls flat in some crucial areas.I particularly disliked the game's tendency to have the protagonists be prominently labeled as ""sad"" or ""depressed"" whenever something disturbing or inhumane occurred, almost as if the game is suggesting how I should feel and react to certain events.This game tries very blatantly to manipulate the player's emotions, and I felt a disconnect to the events in the game as a result. In the end everyone died, and I was mildly annoyed at best."
76561198029584543,Not Recommended,282070,16575030,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Korean Lady Jesus,"Straight to the point - this game sucks.I saw this game and thought it might be kind of like a video game simulation of Cormac McCarthy's book The Road. Of course I understood that it was a lower priced indy title and I tempered my expectations accordingly.What I got was a game that might have been passable 15 years ago wrapped up in an amateurish package of heavy-handed, self-righteous, melodramatic crap. I was expecting REAL hardship. What I found instead was a ""survival"" scenario that an angsty teen might find momentarily unpleasant.I don't mean to sound like I hated the game. I didn't hate it. Worse. I felt nothing about it. Those old people I stole some crap from who kept repeating the same line about their medicine? Didn't care. The emo hipster guy who got all depressed because he couldn't smoke a loosy cigarette for one day? Didn't care.The war has only been on for 12 days and you haven't had more than a can of tuna in two days? Aw, you couldn't have your cup of joe this morning? Yeah, welcome to daily life for 50% of the world. Quit your whining. The way these people moan and carry on, you'd think they had been living in utter deprivation for years on end. Someone shoot me.Besides that, the game play and graphics would have been obsolete 15 years ago. Nothing to recommend this game, not even for free. Quit taking up space on my hard drive.Note: Edited for typos, clarity. And also to add the message that I think it's HILARIOUS that butthurt fans of this game go around downvoting negative reviews of it. Grow up."
,Recommended,282070,12942368,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tiburon De Tierra,Stole everything a old couple had 11/10
,Recommended,282070,12942367,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,C4Gamer,Was a Quite Fun Game I Ain't good at History but this Kinda made me feel like what actually happen so i give it a BIG Thumb up Recommend to people who like this type of games :D
,Not Recommended,282070,28149188,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Kiger,The concept looked good and videos on youtube as well. But after 4h into the game I'm still bored.The gameplay is very simple; search for food and other supplies and heal your wounded characters. Pretty much The Sims but with less possibilities and with boring goals that stay the same every single day.
,Not Recommended,282070,18482248,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,wasabi,"I really wanted to like this game for its unique theme- but unfortunately I found it hard to feel any empathy for the characters that inhabit Pogoren. The characterisation is just too shallow and its impact on the game too slight. As a result this really just plays like most other survival games and once you unearth the perfect build order every game becomes similar regardless of who constitutes your team.The mechanics of this game also forces each scenario to take a long time (10+hrs) to complete. This length isnt indicative of content but instead a collection of minor nuisances. You can fast forward a day, for instance, but characters will not autocomplete assigned tasks during this time. Maybe you have one bed and allow 2 characters to each rest in it during the day- too bad you have to wait for one person to wake up before you can order the other to sleep. The same applies to work tasks- unless they are automatic (filtering water) then you must laboriously watch them perform tasks as tedious as rolling 40 cigarettes, digging up snow, rebaiting traps etc etc. The game needs a fast forward feature rather than one which skips the whole day.I have a number of other minor gripes i.e. the inventory button is next to the skip day button (often end up pressing the wrong one) and restriction to a single save file can easily add to what quickly becomes a tedious experience. As such I can't argue that this game has enough depth to support the number of hours it demands from the player."
76561198070220020,Not Recommended,282070,24087449,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,stultz,"Not much 'fun.' Reminds me of the Sims games. You micromanage each charecter's actions. Most of the time the feedback you get is a complaint. Too tired. Too hungry, etc. Not much in the way of resources to do anything.Perhaps this does simulate a war/refugee situation. But is that fun to play? In my view, no, it is not fun."
,Not Recommended,282070,20231177,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Squirrel,pretty slow game
,Not Recommended,282070,20181307,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Soviet Stronk,"Okay, so here's the story:First time playing the game, thought this game was pretty cool, graphics were nice and my HD 4600 could actually run it very smoothly. I saved my game, close the app and shut down my computer. Three hours later, after finishing shopping, the game never started again. Period. No mouse cursor, no loading screen (excluding the ultramarine color of the PC screen when it's on)2/10. Not worth my time or my cash."
,Not Recommended,282070,17371206,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,HolyHeretic,"If you do plan on buying this game regardless, for a better experience try pressing escape on your keyboard instead of exit on the in-game menu. Most of my crashes were caused by pressing that. Now, onto the review.tl;dr: This is a really neat experience, but the stability issues, a few bugs, and the god-awful combat system just brings the entire game down so much that it just wasn't enjoyable for me.What it does right: I really love what they're going for here. A look into the life of what happens around war instead of just playing the soldiers fighting in it is something I've never seen a game do before. You get to experience having to make extremely hard choices just to maybe have enough supplies to live through the next through days. This game really makes you think hard about what you're willing to do to scrape by. Resources are extremely scarce; I found myself thinking I had enough of one thing just to run out of it the next day. Overall it does a great job of immersing you in the situation and putting you up to difficult decisions, like stealing from or just outright murdering innocents just to be able to survive, or going up against heavily armed thugs or soldiers to maybe see if they've got something you desperately need.It also keeps things simple, so you don't have to spend ages learning the mechanics of the game, but also isn't so simple that there's no level of complexity you have to adapt to just to be able get what you need through higher level crafting and trading. It's accessible enough to not push you away in the beginning, but has enough depth to make sure you're still struggling to  the end, and in this case it works really well.What it does wrong: Despite the really enjoyable core mechanics, some things really break this game for me. For starters, the stability is awful. It took me a couple of hours just to get this game into a semi-playable state, as I had to look up multiple fixes that didn't even work, and play through multiple crashes and freezes until I could identify the main problem and try to work around it. Even  then the game would freeze up on the scavenging screen ocassionally, and it still had the chance of crashing on menus that I couldn't exit out of like I mentioned above.The crashing wouldn't be as much of a problem if you could save more often, but the game only saves after a full day and night of scavenging, meaning that if you crash at any point during, you have to play that ENTIRE day over again. Needless to say, it can get pretty frustrating if you've done a lot to your house or got pretty far in scavenging that day.Speaking of infuriating bugs, on the very last night I had a bandit phase through two floors and immediately spot me. I don't mean he just ran up to me... no, he literally passed through the floors in a straight line to see me. This really just soured the entire experience at the very end and completely broke any solid immersion I had. This is an eight month old game that is a full retail release. I could forgive it if it was early access, but things like this and the constant crashing are really unacceptable.This goes onto my next point of the awful combat. If you can, just avoid it completely. It seems entirely random if you or your opponent dies or not, especially if it involves guns. I've had characters just stand straight up from cover before and stop shooting just to get shot to death. The simplistic system that worked so well for everything else makes the combat absolutely awful in just about every circumstance. The only saving grace is leading them into an instant backstab from a hiding place, but like I said in my last paragraph, even this could lead to a frustrating experience.After everything is said and done and I've completed the game, I could probably forgive the combat and give this game a positive review, but the sorry state of the game's stability and bugs make it an unenjoyable experience. If you have the patience of a saint and want a really good and different experience, you should definitely buy this game. Otherwise you'd probably be better off waiting until the devs can actually fix everything before you spend your money on this."
76561198007174805,Not Recommended,282070,18430068,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,BattlePanda,"Good idea and the survival aspect/base management is pretty well done combat howeveris just awful even if armed and blasting someone in the back with a shotgun you'll stillprobably take a hit or two when they turn around and blast you back and you have to justtrade bullets for a few seconds then one of you falls down.Yeah it's not a combat based game but things get desprate and you're forced into itfor whatever reason and die because these so called normal people trying to survive awarzone can shrug off a shotgun blast to the face and shoot you right back.Also not recomended due to a long running issue of your survivors gettingdepressed from ""stealing"" from bandits who tried to kill you.People that whiny don't deserve to survive."
,Not Recommended,282070,16831480,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,"Slava ""Ghettoblaster"" Lisiy","I play a lot of my games without signing in to steam. many of my ""time played"" stats are skewed. You have been informed.I'm as anti-war as the next guy ( maybe even more so ), but this game is absolute garbage. I'm glad it was a gift, and nothing I wasted my own money on.The graphics - while I understand that they are an artistic choice - render the game ugly and nearly unplayable. Good thing for those icons, or I wouldn't be able to tell a searchable pile from a ladder, or a pile of debris I have to shovel through.The game's mechanics are nothing more than long days of crafting interrupted by forced breaks, during which you either go out and scavenge ( only at night? ) or choose to stay home and... skip the whole night.Time - Why must I skip doing anything at all, at night . . . simply because I didn't need to go out and scavenge? No reason given. Also, why can't I speed up time? Skipping the rest of the ""day"" makes me miss out on traders and the like. Poorly executed, devs. Tsk, tsk.The controls are horrid - point and click, exclusively - we really couldn't have the ability to use a controller, or move via traditional WASD? This could have been much better if your character was controlled in a ""twin-stick"" type of manner, using one for movement and the other for interaction.If you do find yourself enjoying a run, don't be surprised when your gameplay is halted by an imposed ending. Give us a sandbox mode, maybe, before offering DLC that adds nothing to the game?On the subject of DLC . . . don't get me started on the pseudo-dlc they offer; charity is great, but paying for some scribbles that add no value to the game . . . really? The devs are so enamored of their own creation - or they really do think we're all suckers - that EA ought to employ them, they figured out how to get people to pay for refrigerator-worthy drawings.This game certainly has its fanboys and supporters, and I wanted to be one of them, but it's junk. Buy this on sale - if you must - but don't say I didn't warn you."
,Recommended,282070,13251560,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,RikerV2,"Bought the game today and despite my playtime Im loving it so far. Depicts life in wartorn country perhaps better than any other game before it. Each game is different and runs on a random timer, meaning the war can go on for only a few days, to a few months. The longer the war, the more risk you have of losing your survivors to things such as sickness, starvation and being killed. Each survivor has a speciality such as scavenging or cooking and it is in your best interests to try and keep them all alive. At the end of each day you can go out scavenging in a select number of places and set your other survivors to guard or sleep.Theres a moral choice system of sorts that is never black and white. Each choice you make affects the morale of your other survivors. Stealing, killing or abandoning other people in need of help will drop the morale of your other survivors but there occasions where this is not true.  One example is a soldier forcing himself upon a woman. Risk your life to save her....or leave her to the soldier.I cannot recommend this game highly enough"
76561198308695568,Not Recommended,282070,23400326,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,creadiuspro,For such a slow moving game (which isn't bad in itself) it sure does suck when it crashes and each time it crashes I feel like playing it less and less.  The rate its going I'll probably never play it again after tomorrow.
76561197997460935,Not Recommended,282070,33641714,Posted: 18 July,all,BlizArmy,"Depression Simulator: I liked the idea, some of the morals, and definitely the ambiance.  And I am a owner of the DLC and gave it several attempts.  I even modded some stuff.  Here are my issues.  Depressing, odds highly stacked against you, mod-able items but not characters.  There characters have stats you cant seem to be able to come close to with yours BTW.  After dying several times to the learning curve and game mechanics I am done.  Also no SAVE, where I totaly get why they decided this, I would have given us a option, any option maybe at end of every week at least.  Can't tell you how many times I either lost the main scavenger (dead) or had them leave the group.  There are so many things that could have been done in the mod community if we could have made a few easy tweaks.  Instead it is literally like banging your head against the wall trying to survive and feeling guilty about it at the same time."
,Not Recommended,282070,33778454,Posted: 24 July,all,Wet Beast,"An otherwise solid survival game hindered by control issues, bugs, and hugely unpredictable AI. Good for a discounted price, and excellent if it gets its bugs fixed. Until then, I'd say spare yourself some grief."
,Not Recommended,282070,18651206,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,AlvinJ(AAP),"I got into this game considering all the reviews and ratings this game has, but I wish to express my disappointment upon playing this game. It is very depressing and grim. Nothing good ever happens.  On my first try: 1 died from injuries, 1 died from sniper fire, 1 left and 1 committed suicide. I know what you must be thinking. 'This guy only played it for 4 hours and isn't experienced enough to comment on this game.'  But that's not my fault. It is just too boring and saddening to continue playing.  I am not saying this game is bad.  It's just not what I expected.  PROS: Realistic, unique game play and well  written characters. CONS:Depressing,  repetitive and time consuming."
,Recommended,282070,12967459,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Miszka,"This game is a really shocking experience and is quite hard as live. I think this is a good game, but needs a bit improvement with game balancing.I really like it and can't wait to play it moreI only give this game a negative score because it does not work on my Surface Pro 3. It has a Intel Graphics 4400 which is a class better than the minimum spec - 9600GS accroding tohttp://www.notebookcheck.net/Intel-HD-Graphics-4400.91979.0.htmlUPDATE:After manually installing a driver update - the game works perfectly"
,Not Recommended,282070,20883162,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,I identify as a transversal,Boring and repetitive. The only thing that justified my purchase is the money I spent went to charity.
,Recommended,282070,13245137,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,memer yes,"Although a little repetitive, this game has a lot of variation and really makes you feel. I kind of find it annoying that, even when doing smaller ""bad things"" everyone starts hating and judging you."
76561197994433338,Not Recommended,282070,33402462,Posted: 9 July,all,sanis4life,"If you are one of the lucky ones where the game will work with no crashes, good for you. As others have mentioned, the game crashes.... a lot for some of us. This game has been out since 2014, so they've had plenty of times to work out the bugs.Word of advice: if the game crashes on you, just return it ASAP rather than try to figure out what's wrong."
,Not Recommended,282070,17478000,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Nibodhika,"The game is broken on linux, it has been for several months, I sent an email in april about this to which the devs replied with something along the lines of ""we know, it will be fixed soon""... months later, still no answer."
,Not Recommended,282070,13943895,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ThrashingLikeAManiac,"I don't get what all the fuss is about.First problem:STORE PAGE: ""Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game""?Sure it randomizes the locations but the problem is there are way too few locations (I didn't count but I'd be surprised if it's over 15). After my first failure it indeed randomized the world, but it get's real boring real fast when it rolls the same location nearly every time (example: first three times I had a home with two elderly people in it as one of the first location to visit).Second problem:STORE PAGE: ""Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience""Using the example of the elderly couple above:Sure I felt bad and it triggered something inside me the first time I had to make a decision, and it was really well executed. Now the problem is that the emotions kind of wear off when you, as described in the first problem this game has, visit the same locations every playthrough again (the fact that there are usually only 2 choiches to be made makes it even more grinding/less emotional triggering.Third problem:This is a bit of a combination of problem #1 & #2. Once you've visited every location and tried the only 2 choiches you can make (not making a choiche being the third choiche), you know what gives the best outcome to survive the game for x amount of days. This results in a very linear game where you just have to do the math right and win.This is why I find this game rather to be a slow puzzle game instead of an emotional survival game with choiche."
,Not Recommended,282070,18572843,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Lord Draxis,"very annoying. costs too much to build things and takes forever to gather the materials. very, very, very, annoying."
,Not Recommended,282070,23505465,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Azbolg,"Typical steam game which is super challanging.Its fun, but the control is horrible.  You can't stealth walk at all.  Controls are super buggy.Opened up a door to try to backstab a military man, woman screams who is about to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ guy turns around, controls were too clunky to react.  LOL you got to be kidding me.Steam game where you cannot save if game is too buggy.  If you mouse click to far away from your character, you begin to run and set off the alarms everywhere in the building.Worse than Darkest Dungeon imo for rogue-like BS."
76561198044023118,Recommended,282070,23389774,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Saber[X],"Amazong, lolrolf XD"
,Recommended,282070,23992597,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,wiidad,"This is easily the best game I have purchased this year. The way that survival is handled is just right. The way that it makes you feel about survival is just right. I am not saying this game is simple or easy or for everyone, because it's simply not. What I am saying is this is the best game I have bought all year. This game has been keeping me up at night trying to just scavenge one more time before bed. This game has been fresh in my mind when I wake up just wondering what I will do next. The first time I made it through, I was actually a little disapointed that it ended, instead of being happy that I won. It is just that good!There is endless replayability in the game before the DLC and the workshop already has so much content that the replayability is incredible. I actually want to make my own team myself now and have just started looking into that. This game is perfect for someone who is playing at work and needs to pause alot. Its perfect for the gamer who can sit for hours in the same game. Its just perfect.Don't pass on this game, you will regret it!"
,Recommended,282070,24049282,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,vesely77,buy it! trust me on this :D
76561198020803681,Not Recommended,282070,19336078,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SQUIDY,"Would I reccommend it? No not really.Has potential but a lot of flaws also.Don't be fooled by all the stella reviews they are mostly for the development/idea and not so much for the gameplay.Is it a fun game? yes- For about an hour until all your efforts are crushed to an irretrievable level and you must start again (for the third, fourth perhaps fifth time).Anyway as with most low level games what can you expect other than a polished turd.Plenty of bugs and unexpected collisions. With this you might expect a 'restart from scavenge' option to remediate the ammount of game changing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you may encounter, though you'd not be so lucky.Conclusion - one of the better polished turds that you could buy and play with for a week. Could use a little more polishing though.Almost loved it. Still like it. Can't really recommend it though sorry.5.3/10  - Nice survival game. A welcome zombie free survival. Harsh and unfair in the least whiny sense."
,Recommended,282070,20841022,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,allahuaktrigg22,"Such an underrated game. Definately worth 20$, if you are a fan of survival, war, or strategy games, this game will not dissapoint."
,Not Recommended,282070,18559037,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Justin Strength,"I give this game my recommendation if you liked The Sims and you want to play a war version of The Sims. However, the game has a lot less heart then the previews had led me to believe. There's nothing really touching about it beyond emotional manipulation (i.e. Not a whole lot of substance to the characters and any bit of dialogue is overlydramatic.) I know that it's a lot to ask for considering the game isn't based around those factors, but the subtly of it would have really given the game a life of its own."
,Recommended,282070,25457238,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kindle,Robbed an old couple blind and killed a priest. It was fun
76561198024926763,Recommended,282070,13699942,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jaycoht,Call of Duty: Ghosts is a multiplayer experience like no other. Travel with a group of rogue renegade survivors on their mission to live. The game consists of point and click experiences that are currently changing the gaming industry forever. Telltale games has really got it again with their newest apocalyptic survival game. The best character in the game is Bruno Mars. His ability to cook and singing talent make him a force reckoned with. Build a shovel immediatly! That way you can beat the heebie-jeebies out of anyone that stands in your way. Also there are a bunch of piles you gotta clear. 10/10 Game of the Year
,Recommended,282070,14752269,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,The Pyro Squirrel,♥♥♥♥ u b!tch n!gga
,Recommended,282070,19947392,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Admiral Johan,"-War comes to my homeland-Finds group of survivors to await liberation with-Decides to never take innocent blood or steal from the needy-Become superheroes of no mans land-Delivers several loads of meds and food to various people in need-Helps hospitals and churches-supermarket, 3am...-hears noises coming from back room-peeks through door to see a soldier and young girl-figures the situation is gonna go to hell pretty soon-gets out shovel, my only weapon, and waits to see what will happen-soldier grabs girl as she screams for help and tries to run-runs in screaming and hits the soldier in the head with the shovel-soldier turns and kills me...-sad-crie-nuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!-others are depressed-next night goes to find body-fears he may of died for nothing-meets old lady-lady talks about how her neighbor (the young girl) narrowly escaped last night-HE DIDNT DIE IN VAIN!!!!!-You did good eddie...you did good...This game is more than a game, you find out more about yourself than you would hope to in real life. The choices are not small, you can't walk away from a looting and feel good, you as a player feel less energy to complete the game...But if you make the choices to help those in need the main goal of the game (surviving) becomes almost non-exestant...feels...feels everywhere...-overhears men talking about raining humanitarian aid convoyWHAT DO YOU DO IN A SITUATION LIKE THAT!!!???!?!? YOU CANT JUST WALK AWAY!!!!!!!! But figting means almost certain death...what is your own life worth to you?What is worth killing for?WHAT IS WORTH DYING FOR!!!!!!get this game."
,Recommended,282070,25467803,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,reformed pvpro.com,"Great Game , Really happy that i got it for 5euros :)"
,Not Recommended,282070,19476732,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,-Thorn-,"Right, I would like to firstly remind all that I did enjoy this game. Thrilling, with a sense of suspense.But after approximately 1 hour, it lost all faith in me.It was...dull I suppose. It is gruesome to see my people being attacked while scavenging, and that of a man without weaponry murders that of a man with a knife.The fighting mechanics are insane. I strongly do not recommend this game. Shortly, I shall be refunding this."
,Recommended,282070,23334366,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,bashfulwhale,.
,Recommended,282070,13618473,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Do You Watch Rick and Morty?,Its an okay game once you pulled it once it just gets boring to play again
76561197993315678,Not Recommended,282070,32881593,Posted: 27 June,all,Levs,"It's unforgiving and you can be wiped out through no fault of your own. It's also massively repetitive.You can't speed the game up or pause. So, in order to get the full benefit from sleeping or whatever action you're doing in-game, you have sit and wait through every day, just sitting and doing nothing.Got killed when trying to get 2 wooden planks for a chair."
,Recommended,282070,25418530,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Abe Blinkin,"Very good game, I played this on the Ipad and that's a great version too."
,Recommended,282070,16403242,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,hehe,"This is a pretty good game but it's too easy.For example there's a house with an elderly couple in it, and they have a very small amount of health so it's easy to punch them to death and take all of their really good stuff. Sometimes your guys get upset after they kill people but that's pretty silly since it's just a game and they aren't real.Other than that it's pretty fun I guess."
,Recommended,282070,23391445,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Thug Life,"I refunded this gameI kind of liked it, but not enough to want to keep it.  The atmosphere was great, but the gameplay felt  a little tediousI consider this a neutral review."
,Recommended,282070,17528493,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"We all sat inside of the burned out apartment. Too scared to go outside and experience reality. Uninstalled. Kind of reminds me about my real life. In a stark, depressing sort of way."
76561198014416819,Recommended,282070,32632932,Posted: 21 June,all,BrowneHawk,Games on sale for 4$ right now.  Thats a F**king steal.
76561198221355444,Recommended,282070,32628595,Posted: 21 June,all,johnDorianKenobi,This game is just like Scarlett Johansson.10/10
,Recommended,282070,23741120,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,XLordofPuncakeX,"Family Friendly fun, great for children ages 6-7. fun of light-hearted jokes and fun simply gameplay"
,Recommended,282070,32844643,Posted: 26 June,all,Awsum bets.gg,Refunded because my laptop's too weak..Will definitely rebuy the game soon
76561198026833704,Not Recommended,282070,16655293,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ábrázoló Geometria,"Generaly speaking , people consider Starcraft the most exhausting game. Personly i can play Starcraft for 2-3 hours , then i need to have a rest. This game is a monster compeared to SC. Keeping alive 3-4 guys for a week requires so much planning , focus and luck that is more than a  I can handle. I even read all the tutorials on the internet , i wrote down a complete build order just to finally keep my guys alive for 45 days . I really tried to do so , because i liked this game, and the fact that finally a game is not about shooting brailessly .End in the end I asked the question from myself : Worth it? My answer was NO. This game is just too fckn miserable and exhausting  to be enjoyed . If you dont have a bounch of freetime , patience and energy just avoid this game because you wont enjoy it."
,Recommended,282070,18380415,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ExVasterist,"*Those of you who try to bash me over the fact its an ""Early Access"" game, seriously would you rather I give every game 10/10 praise just because? Read or don't, your choice*NOTE: The amount of time spent is correct (at the time of writing this review, 2.5 hrs), so no, I am not done. Just giving my thoughts on the so far. This is NOT by any means a ""I'm done"" review, just a so far review.No joke, this game is HARD! Find food? PRIMARY! Find Meds? PRIMARY! Find Bandages? PRIMARY!Have a knife & you see enemies? DO NOT RUSH, you are far more likely to die if you rush in.Build Beds so your guys can heal from sickness, some wounds, and your guys will ALWAYS get tired after every scavenge mission. Build Stove to cook food (you can eat raw, but i doubt thats a good idea). Upgrade your stuff to unlock better build & upgrade options.Watch Totalbiscuit's ""WTF is.."" of this, and if you're still unsure, check GT Reviews. This game is dark, cold, psychological, mostly a sneaking type game like Thief, some ways feels like Castlevania (minus the monsters), and reminds me heavily of the Scattered Colony flash game (very similar, except you can't pick what you get in that game, this one you can).Trust me, its very easy to die in this game if you're not careful. If you can make a shovel, bring it with you on scavenge missions (it will help if you need to clear the way or need to defend yourself). Trader will always show up at your door, read the item descriptions to gauge their worth to your survival - and don't ONLY get components while out there on missions, you can't trade that (which is dumb - devs, seriously, what is more important? surviving or building?) and if you find diamonds grab them (really good trade items even tho i don't see why anyone would value that over guns, food, meds, and bandages).Personally, I wish I could just say ""Maybe Recommended"" since I haven't played enough. For now I'm recommending.I'll update after I beat the game multiple times (multiple stories in the game including a Make Your Own) or until I get seriously frustrated with it.Buy if you LOVE challenging games.If you get frustrated easily in games that give you little in the way of starting off, then don't buy it.This game is NOT for everybody. If you do get it, don't take it lightly cause if you do, you lose very quickly."
,Recommended,282070,23435468,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Native America,War... War never changes.
,Not Recommended,282070,24167242,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,curio124,"I was simply disappointed and use refund after 30min of gameplay and then some youtube watching. Why? This should be emotional experience and from the reviews I read, I should feel connected with character and their actions. But for me this simply didn’t work because of 2 reasons:1.	Game lacks some ""good production money"" - like for example Walking dead. I love characters in that game from the first minute and you can really tell what their personality is. In this game, everything you got is one photo and few sentences. There is no voices, no facial animation etc.2.	Game mechanics. I'm simply not in the mood to find out if I should build a chair or a bed with given wood. Do I have enough wood to build everything? Should I choose wisely? Do I really need a bed? Should I build water dispenser first or oven is more important? In real life, there is so much more possibilities and you will know what you really need. In this game you have to learn (in hour? in 2? 5 hours?) just to ""please the game"" to move forward. I suppose that bad decision will result in sooner end (in fewer days). Should it evoke reality? Nah – in real life you will not decide between 5 actions. You will use all possibilities to survive. For example - when your character is hungry, there is the text ""hungry"" by his name. What does it mean? That he will die next day? Should I do anything to get him food? Or it's fine to leave him hungry for 3-4 days? Can I decide to eat my friend? No – this game do not give you this possibility.I cannot help but to compare this game to walking dead. It’s very similar in terms of atmosphere, lack of resources and being attached to characters. But in WD, you have not to find out what to do or read it in some guide. You just simply absorb the atmosphere, story, personalities and are making hard decisions.And for 18,99€??? Are you kidding me? Only 4€ less than WD? But price is not the problem. I wouldn’t play this game even if it’s free. It’s simply not worth my time."
,Not Recommended,282070,24126268,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,zaney,"This game is very easy. There is a hard time-limit on each playthrough and I can tell why.By the ""halfway"" point you MIGHT stress about getting vegetables, but unless you deliberately weaken your position, you will not struggle for anything within 20 ""turns""."
,Recommended,282070,13346893,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mjp11,The only game ever that has genuinely made me feel bad about beating an elderly couple to death for a can of beans. 10/10 would feel again.
76561198011517439,Not Recommended,282070,24039966,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,shane,"I wanted to like this game, which has a lot going for it that I have found really enjoyable, but I just couldn't get past the wonky combat and too emotional characters."
,Not Recommended,282070,20881163,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ni0g0s,Bring The little ones DLC for PC
,Recommended,282070,17138780,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Overkill,This is a must buy for every PC gamer. Makes you think hard about how war can affect people and I just can't praise it enough.My Score - 9/10
76561198063234947,Recommended,282070,17556349,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Legendary Weapon,I like it.
,Not Recommended,282070,15230420,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Major Witty,"After four hours I realized the game is repetitive and boring. The constant whinning, sadness, and long days with very little options. No option to move to another safe house. No option to kill your own whinning members to increase morale. No option to have intercourse to raise morale. No option to each sickly or almost dead people. The game is about having a few choices while you watch your fellow survivors slump around. No option to dominate the neighborhoods. I like survival games overall but not this one. I find myself making a few choices during daylight and reading a book or doodling because the tasks are so repetitive."
76561197993834239,Recommended,282070,25473939,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Red_Fang_,Great game! Definitly worth it when it is on sale!
76561198044162967,Not Recommended,282070,32716224,Posted: 24 June,all,Duffmancool,"Slow and buggy.  Spent 3 hours building my home, then the game bugged out and killed one of my guys for no reason.  Another time, my characters were unable to interact with anything so it essentially wasted an entire day.   Waste of time and money."
76561198163419034,Recommended,282070,26555538,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Memeton Dank,"hwow, wow, wowzers. hwowzers"
76561198276884711,Not Recommended,282070,23481988,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,runt,literally the crashes of minethe war is just fine tbh
,Recommended,282070,32630623,Posted: 21 June,all,ftstani,"This War of Mine is an excellent title for $4.00. And for that amount I heartily recommend it. You can certainly find worse games.This is basically a lite version of Fallout Shelter (which is free by the way). Don't let the screenshots confuse you. It's entirely point and click, and would indeed work better on a mobile device. The gameplay is okay, but nothing to write home about.Storywise, it is entirely clichéd. I can't believe this many people find it to be heart-wrenching. For me, I've seen more heart-wrenching Nike commercials. The dialogue ranges from emo lyrics to unbelievable discussions on overcoming depression. In an active war zone. This is laughable. It's as if the developers watched a bunch of refugee movies and copied random scenes from each movie, stringing them together into an incoherent whole. The characters here I've seen a million times before. It wasn't engaging, or even shocking.The soundtrack was decent at first, then became repetitive.Slootometer: 1/10. Although the base game contains no slooty content, the Steam Workshop features some slooty content."
,Recommended,282070,13253820,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,AdolfHitler,This Game is very interesting and i enjoy the fact that it brings a feeling of urgency to keep your people alive but something i would add to the game is a huge ammound of craftingLike fixing uo the house you live in (repair the walls that are nearly obliterated and produce electricity to power things EXT.) overall it a fun game
76561198055462552,Recommended,282070,13351857,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Platy,5 reasons to buy this game1. THE FEELINGS... when one of my characters die i get sad cuase it brings down everyone u control for some time making u WANT too be carful.2. realistic... unlike most games were u are a god with a gun and never die this game you HAVE too be carful like if it happend in real life you arnt some super soldier with a crowbar your a civilian3. makes you worreid and on the edge of your seat.4. challenging... its extremely fun for this reason and will want you playing more and more5. atmosperic as hell itll make your house in the game feel like your safe and your house.. when u get raided itll make you want to kill someone with a 10 inch 9 iron 7 times to who ever did itAll in all this game is great. its super fun and DO NOT let the 2D side scrolling hold you back its an amazing game and worth every penny
76561198051689397,Recommended,282070,15134295,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,TooBadSoSad,This is the game we should support.
,Recommended,282070,26679385,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,aOwenCubed,I paid 20 dollars to get depressed.
,Not Recommended,282070,19947643,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ㄒΛ☣,"Just not my kind of game.If you plan on playing as a good guy and not taking what you want.. youre going to die. and youre going to find worthless♥♥♥♥♥♥and die. stealth is something i tried in the game too, died. if you survive. you'll die for some other reason. really demanding to keep your ""team"" alive. I thought it was going to be diffrent but i should have watched gameplay"
76561197993460676,Not Recommended,282070,27914519,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bioforge,"Really wanted to like this game, after all the good reviews thought what the heck lets try it.It started off really good nice story and atmosphere but quickly goes down hill from there, guess war really is hell!  lolNo thanks way  to much micro management.  he's depressed, he's hungry, he's wounded, someones constantly at the door!? etc etc...Omg, it got to the point I just wanted to put my fist through the screen,more frustration than fun if you ask me.  The difficulty spikes also killed it for me, You need a lot of  patience with this one."
,Recommended,282070,13424869,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Brennan,"This is a great game. It really puts into perspective the problems with war, instead of most games (especially FPS's) that glorify war.One thing they could do to improve it is to make the game less repetitive (especially the beginning),Overall: 9/10"
76561198129932001,Recommended,282070,13115507,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,mybearfight,"The game is awesome, but the story is to short.. :/"
76561198102826927,Recommended,282070,13685548,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RapidThunderFap,"Definately a fun game that can sometimes produce rage inducing guilt within you, but also help you understand the meaning of life as at times even a simple bit of medicine will completely save somebodies life which can be earned through being a thief and stealing or trading with others.This game has multiple concepts all based around survival during a war where every man is for themself (not you in this case as you get a group)Worth its costs however after a while doing some repetitive can cause boredome but generally a great game."
,Recommended,282070,12953052,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Chantion,"Ok so this game is 10/10 so far. You can kill people but then your survivors get emo like ""lol that wasent good :(""It's a VERY serious game and extremely hard I love it and anyone should buy it. Oh and the devs need to fix the CONSTANT crashing then it would be 11/11. Thanks and good luck STALKER (lol i made a stalker reference look im so cool)"
,Not Recommended,282070,19102296,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,KurtKraut,"Repetitive, uncreative sound tracks and audio effects. Very few variations on what you can do to beat the game. Not entertaining nor challenging."
76561198138735401,Not Recommended,282070,24488502,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Porridge,crashes on night one everytime.
76561198143283140,Recommended,282070,14070179,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Enervoc,"It is a game about war, you should take decisions, it's not like any war game, here you are a civilian. 2D"
76561198030338255,Not Recommended,282070,22191645,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,jleemckenzie,Gameplay is simply not good.
76561198148289585,Recommended,282070,25472416,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,炸脆,Very good
,Recommended,282070,24276965,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Wizardo367,"Beautiful, challenging and insightful of war. A must-play for anyone who enjoys survival games."
,Recommended,282070,23734775,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,★KoalaBearsAreBADASS,A game that donates to good causes.
76561198071305520,Recommended,282070,32818532,Posted: 26 June,all,FishayFry,It's ok
76561198075185554,Recommended,282070,16822641,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Wolfy,Its like having your emotions r@ped your doing good you take a turn for the worse its like this show YO SO I HEARD YOU NEED FOOD AND MEDS SO WE GAVE A BUNCH OF ELDERLY PEOPLE WHO HAVE IT BUT WONT SURVIVE WITH OUT IT and im like you know what im gonna lay in a corner of my room and die just for the crimes i have commited
76561198032391479,Not Recommended,282070,20585889,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Nugs,Game has so many graphic bugs to the point ofbeing unplayable.
,Recommended,282070,16380311,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Saul,"Dying,killing,choosing,surviving,crying,helping,stealing.....This game is about surviving your nightmare (The war).You choose what is gonna happen to your group.Is it going to be a group of mass murderer's or thief's?Or is it going to be a helpful and friendly group?"
76561198037006295,Not Recommended,282070,24882881,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Magnanimous,"Bottom line: Give it a shot if it looks interesting.I'm down-voting because mod tools are broken.. Pls fixPros:Amazing atmosphere - it truly is a gorgeous gameUnforgiving gameplay - keeps you on your toesBuilt in mod tools - lets you change the game as you see fit - wish more dev's would do this kind of thingSteam workshop - easy access to other peoples modsDev's are still updating gameCons:Unforgiving gameplay - AI will go from neutral to hostile for no apparent reason and end you in the blink of an eyeMod tools are broken - The only thing you can actually do is modify existing items. Want to add something new? hahahaSteam workshop is barren - Cause what i've always wanted is a mod to play as Gaben... Cause that's all there is...Updates are useless - Now I can build a snowman and learn Romanian.Pricetag - $20 US is too high I think (1$ of that goes to charity which is nice, but also feels gimmicky...)"
76561198057090090,Recommended,282070,19319103,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,[PG] BlaZeR,"An amazing game, The only problem is after you run out of food you just have to steal and shoot others, wich is kindof lame. I 360 noscope that play button 24/7"
76561198010366377,Not Recommended,282070,21249347,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Maverati,2D version of sims
76561198068135337,Recommended,282070,15159445,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,[BS] Fridge Lord,"100% Quality Game.  Rare in this era.  Well worth the money, buy it."
76561198044978199,Recommended,282070,23945207,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Belkington (♡Kray♡),Started the gamePlayed as a hot grillDug threw cement with bare hands to exit houseGot sickDied later that dayDigging for that dating sim 10/10
,Recommended,282070,23946784,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sedres,"Like a gritty Fallout Shelter (which is more fun, and free), witout any tutorials and some issues with translation."
,Not Recommended,282070,22078586,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Adapt CS.MONEY,walks in hiding area. and waits for enemy in the other room. he does the same thing over and over again saying oh im a bit hungry. then he eats♥♥♥♥♥♥from the fridge for like 5 minutes or something then i walk out the guy RUSHes out so i guess he heard me in some magical way even i made no step. and he says i be watching you and shot me in the face and died 30 days survival RIP. GG just wanted to say this guys. but the game is good =D
76561198116838910,Recommended,282070,15143357,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MetalMilitiaMonk,best game ever!
,Not Recommended,282070,21609818,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Lieutenant Latex,pile o wank
76561198146406154,Recommended,282070,21136056,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Roli,I love this game.I love everything about it.It really makes you feel like you were a war victim.This game made me think twice about myself and what i am as a person and maybe what would i do in a war.I tried very hard to keep my sanity and humanity but this game proved me i was wrong.I killed many bad and good people for food and meds.Many times i stole everything from people and run away just so that i can survive.God damn it I killed soldiers which had families and kids because they had lots of supplies and i got robbed right away.It's a great game and you should be buying it right away.  9.5/10
,Recommended,282070,24046180,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,mechakuma,"This is what war feels like !!!!9,5/10"
76561198322640140,Recommended,282070,32607945,Posted: 20 June,all,Dubber Ruck,"A really thought-provoking game that puts a different perspective on war. Most of us live in a world where we are sheltered from the horrors of warcrimes and don't have to fight for survival on a daily basis. When playing the game, you are in the point of view of a group of friends just trying to make it to the next day. If you want to help real people living in conditions such as this, buying the game alone helps out the charity War Child. The game offers an immersive story that develops your opinions towards the characters. The decisions you make (in day or night) could mean life or death for your people. One can only imagine the choices people are forced to make in reality when placed under these conditions. Overall, the game did a good job at making me think about life and what I truly value. One of the best games I've played."
76561198122796593,Recommended,282070,32836180,Posted: 26 June,all,Ascilis,Great game.
,Recommended,282070,20244995,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,efogs,John Cena and Hitler what could go wrong?
,Not Recommended,282070,32903485,Posted: 27 June,all,SamyXx,Love the game but it started crashing when I go out to scavange!
76561198056735414,Recommended,282070,24060234,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Matter911,Charater is alone in shelterCharater is severely ill and depressedCharater is severely ill because lack of medsCharater lacked meds because he wouldnt go scavengingCharater wouldnt go scavenging because he was depressedCharater was depressed because he was severely illIt was a cycle of death and nothing could break itI was forced to end the day over and over until he died10/10 would watch someone die of terminal illness until he died again
76561198145736464,Not Recommended,282070,17347737,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,OmegaMole,"I like the Idea of showing how war is like to civilians in real life, while we are usually running around and killing thousands of bad guys, not wasting one thought on civilians - apart from when rescuing them is an objective. I like the graphic style of WoM, which fits the setting quite well. And how every decesion affects people around you in some way makes you think every time what is the right or the wrong thing to do (which isn`t really a question as you will see further below). But (and that is a big one): In the end that all does not work out. For a game like this, which wants to catch the cold and threatening atmosphere of a shelled city, atmosphere is crucial and so is the music. It should be tense and kind of pulling you down. But instead is it more like someone is playing nice quiet tunes at a campfire. So for me the atmosphere just does not fit the setting, which is a big con to me. In addition, the game mechanics are repetitive and too simple. Watching a character ditching for the 20th time for a minute is just not exiting. Another  thing I disliked, was the attitude of the characters you play. No matter what you do, the other chracters are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because of your actions. For example even though they were starving and you brought food by stealing it, they will be mad at you anyway. They all seem to be noble selfless knights, with no will to survive what so ever. Of course some people are like that, but war is about survival and sometimes you have to do things that are not nice to survive. It would have made the game experience way better if the gameplay represented that. It would also have been interesting if chracters in your group had different opinions on that, so conflicts between them may arise. But they are always personalisations of higher morals. That is unrealistic on the one hand and boring on the other, because there is always a clear right and a wrong, which limits the possibilities of playing.2.6 hrs on record. What does this tell you? That I really wanted to like this game but just couldn`t. I A ambitious attempt on showing war in games more realistic, but which does not work out because of the lack of motivating game mechanics and atmosphere. If the possibility to return a game had existed back then, I would have returned it. There will not be more time on my record than these 2.6 hrs. What a pitty WoM, I really wanted to like you ..."
,Not Recommended,282070,33488966,Posted: 12 July,all,duckyduckyman,I try to♥♥♥♥♥♥a kid but for some reason my♥♥♥♥♥♥got stuck in pc fan and i♥♥♥♥♥♥in it jg iadjia dai0owd iy p donal
,Recommended,282070,23049014,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CryonicSuspension,"Tuesday, May 17th, 2016Dear Diary,On Saturday ( the day of weekly sales ) I spent the last of my social assistance money ( $18 CDN ) on pizza, soy milk and bran flakes. I didn't have enough money for baking parchment, so I figured I'd just do a naked-bake in the teflon pan ( death by teflon - as opposed to slowly, wasting away, via starvation ). $3 is left in my bank account.Usually, I would slice the pizza into quarters, eat a quarter and freeze the rest. This time, I cut the pizza into quarters, and further cut each quarter in half. The pizza was delicious. I learned that baking one eighth of a Pizza required me to reduce the cooking time from 25 minutes to 19 minutes ( at 425 degrees Fahrenheit ), which was quite shocking. I thought about ""surface area to volume ratio"" in Biology and the Physics of ""heat transfer"" in Advanced Physics.I felt like an Auschwitz survivor, except that they would have been lucky to eat pizza... It could be worse, I told myself; I could have been a survivor in war-torn Sarajevo. At least I had a nice shelter. At least I didn't have to trade sex for food, like the girl in, ""This War of Mine"" ( a somber video game that paints you into challenging corners, where you struggle to make difficult, moral choices ). At least I could afford a computer, video games and the time to play them.Last month, 2 days before my social assistance cheque was due, I was surviving on 1 meal a day: breakfast. I would experience chest pains, just from the exertion of moving from one side of my apartment to the other. I wondered if this was what George Orwell felt like in his book, ""Down and Out in London and Paris"" ?Last month, 2 days before my social assistance cheque was due, I saw a lady sitting, somewhat undignified, at the entrance to two escalators. She told me that she had not eaten in 2 days. I thought that she was full of sh**, since she looked rather overweight and had half of a Ritz cracker bag sticking out of her handbag ( I had an eagle-eye, top-down view ). I analyzed the situation and concluded, ""You need $3 just to get into the subway station?"". I put my hands in my pocket, hung my head, looked at the floor and started to slowly walk away, but she pleaded with me, ""Please Sir!"".I emptied all the lose change out of my wallet ( maybe a buck but definitely less than 2 dollars ). There is a hole in the lining of my wallet, so it was a bit of an effort. I always had a bad tendency to collect loose change. My wallet would bulge with coins, like a turgid pen** and end up very heavy in my pocket; it would annoy me. It felt really good having a lighter wallet, having helped someone."
76561198391275905,Not Recommended,282070,33573581,Posted: 15 July,all,a12312358955,game dosen't work
,Recommended,282070,13234646,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Nand,Remove Kebab: the Game
,Recommended,282070,25429202,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[Attrition] MrDr.Vlox,"Yeah it is fun and you can make it easy or harder, don't think it is worth full price but it is charity and it fun. played about 30 hours in offline mode."
,Recommended,282070,13417595,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ttrooney,"9/10 easily!Ive only gotten to play 3 hours so far, but my God is it good.  Seen a video of it months ago and wanted it since then. Its not like any other game out there that I know and the developers seem to be working on making it better and better, not just sitting on what they already have!15 quid ain't a bad price for it (I usually only buy games on the cheap due to being a tight♥♥♥♥♥♥ and if it goes any cheaper than this than snap it up! As everyone else seems to be saying, it really is a must play at least once. My only regret about this game is not playing it enough due to a laptop that overheats when I open Paint"
76561198144573265,Recommended,282070,28880765,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Quangvietle,"This is such a great game!1. Super Immersive cos the art be like, DAYUM!!2. Super emotional cos the descriptions be like, DAYUM!!!3. Super sad cos doing bad stuff be like, DAYUM!!!4. Super survival cos hunger be like, DAYUM!!!5. Super great cos i be like, DAYUM!!!10/10 ign git gud noscoped 420 666 lit super savage MOM GET THE CAMERA! wtf are you doing here im playing minecraft"
,Recommended,282070,33049993,Posted: 30 June,all,AlaneQ,Epic... Just epic
,Recommended,282070,33057596,Posted: 30 June,all,shovelkills,This war of mine is a very emotional game to play and you can't stop once you start.
,Recommended,282070,22333605,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Mothyames,"It's kinda like a somber version of The Sims, except you're trying to keep everyone alive instead of drowning them in a pool."
76561198145732171,Recommended,282070,22418044,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,[DN] Mark_467,"Day 1 - I move in to the house and begin to settle in.Day 2 - I search the house for goods.Day 3 - I go and search an elderly couples home, I then beat the husband in the head with a crowbar, whilst I search the body the son comes down and shoots me with a shotgun.10/10 Would murder the old man again."
76561198055915798,Recommended,282070,13234836,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,1979 Honda Accord,"I have gone through a couple of playthroughs (unsuccessfully) and let me say this is one of my favorite indie games. I like its art style, the penciled overlay is cool and offers a unique style instead of shamless retro bits. The game itself is brtual in some cases. Currently I only have 3 cans of food and 4 people need to eat or they will die. These are the kind of choices that compose the game. If you do not pefer stressful subjects and situations, I do not suggest this game as it is grounded in reality and the decisions will stick with you. The combat is a bit rough, and I have trouble infiltrating bases with large ammounts of armed enemies because I can't kill enemies stealthfully. It really forces you to play smart. I usually don't play these types of game but I do suggest this one."
76561198056770044,Recommended,282070,16312437,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Cataclysmic,"This old guy won't see it comin'. Wait. Yes he did. AAAAAAAnd, Palve is dead... Crap..."
76561197991360070,Recommended,282070,12977459,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Hardcore,"A great survival, crafting, trading and management game. Best of its kind. Great artwork, music and atmosphere. Good random features evey time you play again.  Only one bad thing about it - goddamn peace broke out day 36!!! I'd been dreading it for a while, then it happend, game over. Man, I wanted to uppgrade my workbench ect. Either you should be able to continue, or have an option of a really long game in setup. But all in all, a great game."
76561198026353748,Recommended,282070,25465923,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[TLR] Butchy,An amazing game! everyone should try and play it!
76561198108637461,Recommended,282070,25468498,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,WEE,only played it for a little while26/10 would eat a rat again
,Recommended,282070,26292843,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Исынджук,Very good game
,Recommended,282070,27884596,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dragoooon,"Great game, Roman is op."
,Not Recommended,282070,28964218,Posted: 2 January,all,Motol,"Go to a cunstruction site. Warns me of patrol. Patrol sees me, the soldier goes. ""Hi don't make any trouble."" I just go ""well that's not very dange---"" Patrol shoots me off a ladder i'm climbing down the moment he says that and kills my scavenger. negative 30000000 out of 10 i'm salty af."
76561197992268102,Recommended,282070,14151991,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BlueBarrymore,the A.I. can be reall ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥i have no clue how they ever ♥♥♥♥ing hear me i will not be doing anything and the A.I. ♥♥♥♥ just randomly decides it knows were i am please fix this its like 5/10 right now could eazialy be a 8 or a 9 out of 10 if i didnt  play for 40 days then get shot for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason.
,Not Recommended,282070,15174658,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,"Boring,and overpriced!"
76561198223603960,Recommended,282070,20832230,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Mr.Spinks,"It's not a particularly fun game to play, but by god is it engaging...it'll keep you hooked for a good few hours I'll tell you that and the storys you create or the ones that occur organically are great and not worth missing...also you're supporting the WarChild charity or something if that matters to you...personally I got it because it's a good looking game and all my expectations where met when I played."
,Recommended,282070,19349677,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,WarlordOfRome,"War, War never changes....Neither does getting repeatedly punched in the feels."
,Recommended,282070,32880794,Posted: 27 June,all,svensonic,F*ck the War !
76561198131379643,Not Recommended,282070,31244433,Posted: 19 April,all,frenchfrog,"The ambiance and graphics are excellent, the game is utterly depressimg and quite hard.However, even if I enjoyed the experience, I find the game too slow. It fits with the ambiance but makes playing the game a bit of a pain and artificially long. That is why I dont recommend it, unless you really want to try something different and gloomy..."
76561198056165151,Recommended,282070,32633322,Posted: 21 June,all,SampuLs,I had to kill them
76561198038616833,Recommended,282070,29501313,Posted: 26 January,all,lame AKA $1.75,Good
,Not Recommended,282070,20004246,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hericide,Its♥♥♥♥♥♥10
76561198071809300,Not Recommended,282070,28205405,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ThirstygamerDk,"i've just bought the game and it is amazing, but now it keeps crashing. If they dont fix it, then i want my money back. I knowi'm not the only one :-("
,Recommended,282070,21884014,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Herbalist,Recommended with War Child DLC
,Recommended,282070,13366121,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Julianne Stingray,"This little light of mineI'm gonna let it shineThis little light of mineI'm gonna let it shineThis little light of mine,I'm gonna let it shine,Let it shine, let it shine,Let it shine."
,Recommended,282070,12989145,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Astrid S,"This War of Mine is a unique game not just because of its random events and random combination of characters but because this is one of the only 2D side-view games I've actually liked. Now, a few characters with unique abilities and pasts managed to meet up and take refuge in a large house that has so far proven safe from snipers and raiders alike. The house alone is abandoned and parts of the walls are devestated by mortars. As the characters begin to shape out a new life, the civil war rages in the very city they're in. Events are random and will determine the gameplay, like for an entire week, armed thugs were breaking and entering bases, killing all before them. They eventually raided my base, where we barely managed to kill them with minor injuries. Other times, kids may come out asking for medicine for their ill parents. As you progress, the game becomes harder. Marlin, a craftsmen character, was terminally ill after his illness was ignored and the only medicine I could get was in an elderly couple's house. Now, I had two options: Let Marlin die or rob the couple. Shortly after, I loaded the guns and raided them. The game plays smoothly and fantastic, definately worth 20 dollars."
,Recommended,282070,27127159,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jesa,I paid 0.99 USD to get depressed .10/10 buy would buy again
,Recommended,282070,28732375,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rakkenport,Day 1: didnt know how to playNight 1: Killed elderly coupleDay 2: Pavle was depressedNight 2: sent him out again and he diedDay 3: nothingNight 3: sent Bruno Out he diedNight 4: sent last person out they died10/10 would die again
76561198102167462,Recommended,282070,20598737,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[-HW-]Ｓσηηу,Got revenge on a guy who killed one of my group membersNext Day:Rest of Group Suicides or LeavesLikeWat de faq
76561198147963209,Recommended,282070,24405677,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,yellow$$gangsta,what i did when i got this game:drink Vodka and do cocainego lootingfind supplysgo homego looting againgo homego looting againgo homego looting againchild dieseat childgo looting againgo homego looting againget raidedreturn homefind out i got raideddo more cocainego looting againgo homego looting againmake wrong turn on way home i get spotted by raidersEnd up in jail10/10
,Recommended,282070,20365852,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,taco qaugmire,"Very good concept of a game, sometimes you make choices you'll regret. You must do anything to keep them alive, satisfy their needs. Such a great game,"
,Not Recommended,282070,24036531,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,🅱onk 🅱oi,Basic concepts and can get boring after the 3rd to 5th playthrough. But is a very serious concept that is hard to mess around in. If you don't like serious games don't get this.
,Recommended,282070,13762162,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zinclare,"Concept of this game is about ""Not everyone in war is soldier"".So ordinary people struck in war. You must chooose your way by yourself, not good or bad but survive.Good Story line that you can choose by your own. if you love to read story, this is the game you must play. :)"
,Recommended,282070,13737547,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Spizy Chicken,"My review and feelings on TWOMThis is more than a game. It will tug at your heart, move your emotions, and make you stop and think.It's more than survival, scavenging, and management. It's about choices, about being human.You and your friends are starving, you need food, medicine and shelter. But so do others. Some want help, some will kill you on sight. What do you? How long can you survive?Killing other people does have it's effect on the mind and emotions of each person, be careful what you do to others.More than a game, it's a work of art that will pull on your heart if you are half human.Two thumbs up to the creators.  You've created something wonderful and meaningful."
76561198021898362,Recommended,282070,16359166,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Saint,"Pavle:All this shelling, sniper fire and lack of supplies makes you want to hide away, sit down and cry.But we cannot let them crush our spirits, we have to show them that they cant take away our dignity.../\-<>-/\This is exactly what this game is all about, be careful in what you do or give away, sometimes goodness will payout tenfold, other times it will be hard to survive and you will need to decide things that may have greater impact than you think.Urban survival at its finest. 9.5/10"
76561197982510927,Not Recommended,282070,30018639,Posted: 18 February,all,Corvus Corax,"It's cute...Sorta like ""Don't Starve"" day/night mechanics, crossed with the multiple character dynamics of FTL. It's depressing, and not in an artistically compelling way - so it gets old REALLY fast. Abysmal replay value."
76561197995068432,Recommended,282070,16352770,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dandrobium,Oh the feels
76561198070971949,Recommended,282070,16350178,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[ABLP] Prx Scrublord,Damn...
76561197986577083,Recommended,282070,16354837,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,piecemaker2,"feels great, plays solidly!"
,Recommended,282070,16544085,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Weatherman,"I take it back, this game is PTSD simulator."
76561198086529570,Recommended,282070,16546288,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mr. Meaty,"Great Game, I r8 8/8 m8 very fun and sometimes spooky"
76561198011804519,Not Recommended,282070,34596770,Posted: 29 August,all,Einn að eilífu,"nice, relaxing game but the lack of workable mods caused by the devs has made this boring and unplayable."
76561198073117561,Recommended,282070,30502399,Posted: 13 March,all,Jacket,Syrian refugee simulator
76561198007578903,Recommended,282070,13077916,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,patamon,"This is one of the best games I played for a long time.If you do not know anything about the game it will strike you hard and you will feel the real struggle between survival and your trying to be a decent human being.Besides of that, this is a really great survival game, regardless of the topic. It is incredibly challenging and offer a survival experience I did not found in any other game so far."
76561198011657297,Recommended,282070,25475081,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Scorpion,Good
76561198261066527,Recommended,282070,19240950,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),"excellent game indeed. found one small bug and thats when you come to the gates where you need a saw in hand, the character will say i can cut this with my saw blade when infact he does not even have one yet but pverall the game and characters make you feel sad and depressed about your choices of looting stealing and murdering the game sucks you in just one  more night :)"
,Recommended,282070,18421898,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ㄧˋㄇㄛˇㄙㄢㄈㄣㄌㄟˋSuen,"If love does not exist, humph, my god, what am I feeling? if love does exist, what is it on earth? If love is good, where does my sorrow come from?"
,Recommended,282070,18422322,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,russianrov,"Beautiful, gripping, and viciously difficult. Frustrating, satisfying, and entertaining."
,Recommended,282070,23802234,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LORD EXPLOSION MURDER,good
76561198152496323,Recommended,282070,35261511,Posted: 28 September,all,John Coffee,This game is boring as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282070,25462791,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Klamsky,Multiplayer please ..Nice Game Overall ...
76561198078857392,Not Recommended,282070,34955656,Posted: 14 September,all,< blank > LoL,"Nice idea, atmosphere, but it is always same, every turn same story you can just learn and next time do it right.Yes the game is depressing and boring same as war.No idea how is it with DLCs."
,Recommended,282070,27757137,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Choking Hazard,Good.
,Recommended,282070,14055147,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,painkillers,awesome game
,Recommended,282070,26629641,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Litanah,"I...I just don't know anymore. It's all just... futile? Yeah, futile.Experience the greatest crushing depression simulator on the PC."
,Recommended,282070,13055286,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Brightlight,Its ok!
76561198014493888,Recommended,282070,20345240,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ahadihunter1,This may reflect what is going on in Syria and other parts of the middle-east right now....
,Recommended,282070,33651611,Posted: 19 July,all,kammarat radomir,this game give me the vietnam flashback
76561198108366707,Recommended,282070,33256349,Posted: 4 July,all,Goopie,Fun
,Recommended,282070,20281658,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,noc9109,You only live once.
76561198205039467,Recommended,282070,26538556,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The_New_Guy_308,This is one of the best pc games of 2014. Good job keep it up and can't wait for frost punk. :)
76561198166731231,Recommended,282070,26586966,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mr.Franklin,good game !
,Recommended,282070,26594084,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,bink.,"Fantastic concept executed well, one of the better resource management sims I've played."
,Recommended,282070,26597717,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Baby Mammoth,The game is emotional and intense.Worth every penny I spent.
76561197986652869,Recommended,282070,26589393,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hopak,Great game with high emotional value
76561197970849924,Recommended,282070,26590609,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hammar,Very nice game that touches your heart quickly. Still gives me the thrills when playing it :)
76561198106051581,Recommended,282070,24044013,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,M3rkz,good game worth the £3 sale price!!
76561198067753145,Recommended,282070,13003112,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,saaf bruv,"Russians are so morbid. They'll spend all day complaining about the lack of coffee, cigarettes, and books to read, but when you go out and shotgun a house full of people to get the stuff, they hang themselves."
,Not Recommended,282070,25472356,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dieguinfff,"WTF!!! I know the idea and everything, but you just can make a game so ♥♥♥♥ing difficult.Basically is a good idea but really bad made.P.S: I really ♥♥♥♥ing try"
,Recommended,282070,16996043,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,tact,"Great game, under the radar. Base building, scavenging, brutal consequences. Plenty of replay value. Stealth wins."
76561198031328124,Recommended,282070,26585080,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rizilliant,"Absolutely amazing developer!  Its a great game, with alot of random events that make each play through different.. Its grim, and you really feel the sense of urgency, and dread when things go bad.. Its very refreshing to see the story of modern war, being experienced through the eyes of civilians, as opposed to soldiers shooting, and bombing armed enemy forces.. This is an awesome point of view, and extremely original..That art style is fantastic.. As a sketch artist myself, its neat to see this in a working game.. You can change it from minor sketchings, to full on penciled in environments.. Very beautiful, and again, very original..Now, the biggest positive.. The company has decided to donate to a charity for children of war.. The entire proceeds from the DLC's go to the charity as well.. That was what got me to purchase the game.. This, from a small dev team.. AAA companies raking in hundreds of millions could/should take note!  Whether it was a bad game or not, that alone made it worth it to me.. Fortunately, its not.. Itrs an amazing game, and invokes real emotions throughout!"
76561198092078027,Not Recommended,282070,13904063,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ChampionSleeper,"DIsappointing.  Mostly repetitive item collection, and then all of the sudden one of your characters dies because none of the game's interfaces / symbols are ever explained.  Hard to interpret tiny symbols or understand how to equip a weapon when someone is shooting a rifle at you.  End result: waste several hours, get killed, lose most of your good stuff, and be expected to continue playing only to likely encounter the same scenario again?  No thanks.  Also, the gameplay is limited by a clock running very fast.  Most of the gameplay ends up being a struggle to click stuff fast enough to make process, no time for thought or exploration.  Sure, some of these drawback may impose some of the drawback of living in a war zone, but I already understand war is sh$tty and I don't necessarily want a sh$tty gameplay experience."
76561197996545574,Not Recommended,282070,15149924,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Count Zero Interrupt,"While the concept of this game is both intriguing and unique, the actual gameplay is unrealistic and clunky.  Kudos for the art direction and the overall ambience, but without a truly solid game framework to flesh out it falls short of the mark."
76561198023023915,Not Recommended,282070,21030658,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,hagakuremoi,"You have a shelter with a number of survivors (1 to 4) you need to manage your resources to keep your characters alive and in the night you will send a character to look for more resources, you do this every day until the end of the war, the average duration of the war is 40 days but in the options for the custom campaign you can change it to a minimum of 20 days or a maximum of 80 days, you can change the intensity of the conflict and the weather too.The intention of the game is very very laudable and the stories of the characters are interesting, but the gameplay is not the best, it becomes tedious and repetitive very quickly and the combat system is horrible. Your characters will be depressed for no apparent reason, some characters are smokers in an almost pathological way and are crying for cigarettes in the middle of a war.The game is hard and there are two outcomes when you play this game, you don't not know what to do so your characters will die and you will be frustrated with the game or you  know what to do and you basically become a cigarette/alcohol dealer."
,Not Recommended,282070,14759675,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dances With Wombats,"The overwhelmingly positive reviews of this game and a post-apocalyptic setting were very intriguing for me. In fact it's kind of that zombie game you ever wanted, even if there are no zombies. I guess humans are bad enough to make survival in a warzone extremely hard. Many people wrote featuerette-like reviews that are bound to draw you into their feelings when playing the game which can be interesting but those reviews only cover a certain aspect of the game. What counts is the whole package you buy.I bought the game when I first saw it on sale 50% off and played for about seven hours by the time I'm writing this review. I have to admit I never reached the end of the playthrough but I think I got a pretty good feel of how the game evolves. The binary recommendation system of steam doesn't give you a lot of choice, but please note thatnot recommendedmeans what it says. It doesn't mean I hated the game and had no enjoyable moments with it at all. It just means that I wouldn't go to my friends and say ""go buy this game, it's so awesome!""The Good:Cool setting with realistic executionArt/Graphics are interestingThe atmosphere is delivered successfullyAt first you get a very distinctivewow-effectwhen playing the game. It kind of combines stealth with those point and click adventures you played back in the early 90s but merges a fighting system into it that actually works pretty well. The developers have thought about what they are doing and executed a solid system that at first seems unintuitive (everything is done with mouse-clicking although you have to react fast at times) but works quite flawlessly in the end.The art is set in a place between the graphics of Deadlight and Limbo. Colors are scarce and everything is rather dark and depressing, as it should be. The different locations are giving you a feel of dread and desperation which works quite well most of the time. Some are chosen a certain way that lets you just hear the name(e.g. the warehouse)and you immediately know that this is probably one of the more dangerous places (but very rewarding if survived).Which brings me to the atmosphere of the game. It delivers. You are in a warzone and it's supposed to be brutal and unforgiving. You have to make tough choices that might influence or even ruin the lives of others in order to survive yourself. The ambient sounds with the graphics work very well to achieve that and the different locations you can visit are chosen in a way that can touch you on a surprisingly emotional base.The Bad:The difficulty makes you rage-quit and can basically destroy your savegameNo character creation, only male starting charactersSome aspects are so misplaced that it kills any suspension of disbelieve (e.g. crafting and scavenging)Decisions are hard and you never know how they will pan out. One decision can end someone's life and that's exactly what the game does. But in the end it is a game. I want to go back and reload it if it doesn't work out. You might argue that this would ruin the game's aim. Hard decisions are only hard if you can't go back to fix it and you might be right. But the game's playtime is far to extended to really say ""I'll do it correctly next time when I caught up the six hours of this playthrough."" Some people would probably feel my wish for saving and going back game-breaking and I can understand that but this is how I felt.The other issue with the game was for me that you are given some very unlikable male characters with a incredibly bland and discouraging backstory. When one of those characters was dying I felt completely disconnected; not because the war is so bad and turns you into a sociopath but because the characters was only a pawn in my game and it actually would have been easier without him (he survived in the end, though). If I just could create my own characters they would've had a different backstory that happens in my head, that makes me feel a lot more emotionally bound to the characters. But instead you are stuck with what you get, let your character be uninteresting, completely replacable and a white male (as happens with many, many games nowadays).What put me off the most were some of the weird and nonsensical choices the developers made. For example the crafting system is sogamisticthat it totally ruined the experience for me. You get your workbench and then you need to upgrade it with some insane amounts of loot to build new or improved other tables that help you out. Speaking of loot: Your characters have an arbitrary number of inventory slots, just like you remember from your 90's point and click adventures. Those slots are filled with one kind of item. Some stack, some don't. And they stack in different amounts. So you can end up with carrying 20 wooden planks and 4 pieces of scrap metal (which is not nearly enough to do even the first upgrade of your workbench) but you can't go home with a rifle, a pistol, ammo for both, and a roll of toilet paper because that takes more slots. So, the logical thought here for me was ""I don't have enough inventory slots, so lets take more people out for scavenging."" But, of course, that is also not possible. You can't have a team of two in one scavenging zone and no, you cannot send out two teams to scavenge at different spots in the city. Also, in the end it turned out that those hard choices you make did not matter at all. I robbed someone(an old couple in a house in the north, they begged and cried for me to stop when I entered -- I didn't even have a weapon with me)of all their food and when I came back a week later they were still very much alive(their front door was still open and they were at the exact same spots, screaming). I encountered a few more issues like that during my playtime with the game but I think you got the idea.So, I think...... the game is a nice idea and has some very strong points in its execution but also some issues that finally made me not like the game. It is supposed to be super atmospheric but at pretty much every turn you make you will find yourself confronted with those small things that rip you out of your immersion and throw you back in a state that makes you question the game's mechanics all the time. And this spoiled my experience withThis War of Mine.Add the characters that were unlikeable and hollow in the first place and you lost me. Many people think differently about the game. Maybe they don't get put off by those small details like I did or they are totally fine with it. So please read a bunch of other reviews to get a better idea wether the game is worth the money for you. I just know it wasn't worth it for me."
,Not Recommended,282070,18209479,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Peace Bringer,"Permadeath & autosave only. Game with unintuitive controls and mechanics. Open the wiki first and save yourself a headache.GeneralInventory is fixed to each character. No way of increasing.Only one person can scavenge.Double click runs.The icons above the head are interactive. Use the talk for poor moral.To fight you must select an icon on the left otherwise you are in scavenge mode.You must have more than one book. The daily log lets you know if they need something.Have a notepad ready and the wiki open to craft page. Record material at each location.There are preset negatives that will happen. Sick overnight and injure during no raid.My ExperienceFirst day no supplies, so send all people scavenging, nope only just one. Spend the next couple ingame days trying to figure out what can be built by wasting 3-4 of the 8 hours walking around your house. Ok if I can only send one person then those extra 18/30 squares of space means I can upgrade my carry limit - no, the max is  set for each character and the best has 15, those other squares are there to waste screen space . First combat, died because I did not click the button on the far left to go from scavenge to ""fight"".♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I can't reload, so kill the guys who got my best scavenger. Now they moan stealing from the dead people instead of killing - wrong priority. Five hours in, double click runs and the icons above the characters head is interactive and not a Sim bubble. Bring out notepad to remember where each tool is needed for scavenge locations and material requirements to stop wasting build time walking to each workshop. Can't determine why all characters are getting worse morale; build radio, nice chairs, beds. Nope still sad. Next day why is this guy injured he was only sleeping. Alt+F4 prior to day end save and this time he got ill. One character leaves and the other two suicide. Turns out, one book is not as good as many. Sleeping well and relaxing to music are not enough you must have books or you will die. I did notice afterward that the status screen for the group had a warning on not enough books. The next game I do better but get stuck on an upgrade to get guns but the only place with the material I need is in a high danger zone. The horrible fighting mechanic: click and wonder when the action is done to click again while not clicking to fast or reset the action. The locations have material types but not the actual counts even when it has been fully explored more than once. Need that last ""component (cog)"" but all the locations only have ""parts (bolts)""; hope you remember. If I have to bring out a pad to remember what the game should have readily available, guess when an item is one time use , and wonder when my clicks are followed; then the mechanics and design are the problem.Tutorial instructions; every game needs them, no matter how simple you think the game has been built."
76561198009006160,Not Recommended,282070,15103607,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Fritzl,"Good game,However it has little replay value, and really follows the same tactics over and over."
76561198006183314,Not Recommended,282070,15145728,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Steelgrave,"Well done, innovative, thought provoking, brutal, immersive......those are the good points and they are well earned.So is soul-crushing, depressing, thin characters, too few options.The game is brilliant in many ways. It can be heartbreaking, which is genius in it's own right... but not fun. It would be a great social tool for teaching how war is about more than tanks and planes. It is supposed to be depressing and I get that part. It captures what many live through every day in our world. But witnessing the civilians under your care commit suicide or run off despite you doing everything you can to support them....I'm not sure that I see the ""game"" in that.Thumbs up as an object lesson for the horrors of war.Thumbs down as a game."
,Not Recommended,282070,16408253,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CableGuy,"Don't get me wrong, I love survival games like everyone else, but this title suffers in a lot places where other titles shine.The requirements to build a saw blade are ridiculous, and it's an essential tool if you want or need to scavenge the deepest places. The gui needs some work, it turns all your numbers to orange if you have some kind of surplus, but it won't change at all if you need certain item like materials or components.The game crashed the first time I launched it, and it also crashes if I'm playing in full screen and want to alt tab to open my browser or just to pull out the notepad."
76561198220201397,Not Recommended,282070,20943817,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,duolith,"The game relies on tedium. It has an addicting nature in the same way that other strategy games do, but it quickly becomes dull, which I suppose the makers of the game are going for. Unfortunately that doesn't make for a good game. I was doing well, and then I sent one of my characters on a foraging mission where he was killed due to the moronic combat system (for which, of course, there is no tutorial or practice mode). Before I could quit, it saved the game with the character dead, without my permission. All my progress was gone. The game sucks. Even $10 is too damn much. Play something better, like Over The Road Racing or ET."
,Not Recommended,282070,23400749,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Fortified Nonsense,"I'm gonna' have to say 'no' to this game. I realize some of you might think I'm crazy or whatever, given the amount of glowing reviews on here (93% is a very high % for any game -- 95 % overall). But, you should realize that nearly ALL of the positive reviews come from people with less than 10 hours, and well over 50% of those have less than 5 hours. . . . for a 20 dollar game? Yeah, I don't think so.But there's a very simple reason why I can't recommend this game: it's not procedural at all.Everything in this game is pre-determined, and how you beat it is also pre-determined. The claim of 'random events' is bogus, because in the short time I played this game, I was able to predict the time a trader would show up. Also, every building is the same each time you play. All of the items in the game seem to be the same kind/amount every time you play.The game does give you that eery feeling, and it does put you on the edge of your seat... until you realize how repetitive the game is. In 3.3 hours of play, I wound up doing the same thing over and over and over and over again - that's sad.Also, the game just isn't fun. The game is cool for about 2 hours, then the novelty of it wears off and then you realize you sank  20 bucks into a game that gives you about 1.5 hours of 'new stuff' to do. Seriously. After about an hour and a half, you will have done just about everything there is to do in this game. Do that for 20 more, then you'll start to understand why it just isn't that great.If this game was $5, I'd recommend it in a heartbeat, because this feels more like an interactive novel than anything else, given its lack of content.So that just about sums up what I don't like about this game and why I regret purchasing it. If you want a survival game that gives you an eery feeling, then get Project Zomboid or 7d2d."
,Not Recommended,282070,16587166,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CopyLion,"This game is much overrated.While most critics and player comments describe this game as ""story rich"" ""emotional experience"" - NO. Even some flash games of the same genre did better on this. The developer clearly get it wrong, you don't build emotional linkages without a few storys or two. You don't get into people's heart by just reading lines of ""I was once a man with a simple life"". Two little boys knocking on your door asking for medicine? Couldn't care less about that. Not because I am heartless, but it failed to control how stories unfold under randomly generated game worlds. Some did **much better** on this.This game relys heavily on resources management and optimial decision making, rather than what it is to be a powerless civilian. **Hard to move on =/= tough decisions**, it just leave us with no choice. If we don't have any hard feeling about that, it would be just boring point-and-click, watch that little guys slowly drained down a spiral of depression, start cursing under frustration without any connection to the story. When it's over, I wouldn't bother to start another new game.The most overrated indie game of 2014, may I repeat. Google ""Rebuild"", it's a flash game with the same concept, released much earlier and did much better in terms of that ""story"" and ""atmosphere"" This War of Mine tried hard but failed."
76561197970572317,Not Recommended,282070,17469052,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Fenix.NZ,"Game looks all nice and arty. concept is cool. except the characters are obviously a reflection of the writers -♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥no matter which lineup you choose in this game, its abundantly obvious that they dont actually wish to survive the conflict.example 1 - characters bring NOTHING with them to the hovel which becomes home and then become depressed and useless if you steal from others in order to survive.example 2 - despite being raided/attacked nightly and having your supplies stolen and your house members wounded or killed, which has almost 0% psychological effect btw... you better not defend yourself if other civillians attack you while scavenging - depression town, population - you.example 3 - Some kids turned up at the door saying their mum was sick and wanted Medicine ( hard to come by at times, and very expensive for bartering ) ... then came back wanting canned food ( the same value as medicine ) .. and without even verifying their story you have to give them this valuable edible gold otherwise, you guessed it, Emoville.bet they swapped it for Meth and hookers.long story short. whoever wrote this game needs a gut check - I dont want Captain price and the crew of Expendibles in my house, i just want my characters to be able to rationalise their situation instead of turning into a 13yr old going through their first breakup, every time something mildly bad happens out of necessity.im not even going to rate this game, as far as im concerned its incomplete."
76561198106228249,Not Recommended,282070,14655777,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Raven,"This wasn't obvious when i was reading through the comments, the game don't have the load-back-to-last-check-point option, restarting the whole game and abandon all prosess, or, live with a realy bad decision you made because either you are not familiar with the game environment or it was just bad luck. Point being, useful-nonregenerate character will randomly drop died and you either live with that or throw away the few hours or days of work you put into it.And since is a 2-D game your options are every limited, after a few play throughs it begins to feel boring. The game is also too time consuming in terms of making progress, you can spend half a day playing the game and not have anything soild biuld for survival or discover anything fun.Also personaly I liked games that feature how living-is-fun, this is more like living is hard and boring but dieding is worth so let see how long your sad life lates."
,Not Recommended,282070,33068571,Posted: 30 June,all,iced americano,"This game is the ""Requiem for a Dream"" of the games. I loved it, it is fantastic, but I do not suggest this game to anybody. It is depressing, it is so depressing that it is beautiful."
76561197963242420,Not Recommended,282070,17292453,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Phaserman,"Maybe I'm just not into this type of game, but I thought it was quite boring. Click here to clear the path. Click here to cook something, on and on. ""You were raided last night"". Might as well be a text adventure game. Very depressing atmosphere too."
,Recommended,282070,16110139,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,james.franco,"I put myself in the game for a custom story.I went scavenging at the supermarket.Saw an enemy chatting up a woman.I snuck up behind him and hit him from behind.I saw he was a soldier and  had an AK47.ohshit.jpgI continued to beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him with my bare ♥♥♥♥ing hands.He got a few hits on me with his rifle.Soldier cried ""Please don't kill me!""I hit him in the face causing him fall down and die.superhero.gif"
,Not Recommended,282070,27163956,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,🎉,"☑ I will not refund this game (but I should) because I want to spare some money with Polish game developers.☑ Steam sale - 3,79€.☒ Overrated !!☒ Game seemed to be fun until Katia died.☒ Fatal, boring, reading narration. Even no any narration. Only one text to read at the beginning.☒ Boredom.☒ Crafting system is weak, boring and predictable.☒ Repeatability.☒ Linear.☒ Press buttons simulator.☒ No buttons descriptions for tutorial.☒ Boredom.☒ I didnt feel the atmosphere of war.☒ I didnt feel any atmosphere.☒ Random decisions and gameplay have a significant impact for the further play.☒ Boredom.☒ It is not worth the regular price (see it soon in 1 $ bundle with 2 others casual games)☒ Devs should invite me to Warsaw for the game tests then I would told them the truth about this game..."
,Not Recommended,282070,30845611,Posted: 30 March,all,EnduroDoug,"I wanted to like this game so much... And then I played it.The gameplay was too tedious for my tastes, as at this point, in 2017, I've lost all taste for crafting and survival games. I can completely see why this was held in such high regard in 2014, before the market was saturated with games of this type.It's my fault for allowing this game to sit in my library for so long, unplayed. I want to love it. I admire the goals of the devs and I think the music and art style is outstanding. And the writing too (from what I saw of it). But the gameplay?No thanks. War can't be this boring, can it?"
,Not Recommended,282070,14486891,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mondale,"The game doesn't allow loading last saves, so if you like to reload your save and try to learn from your mistakes, you're out of luck. :\"
76561197965274807,Not Recommended,282070,14893579,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,sonic16,The game will be awesome once they add a 'Run restart' button. I'm tired of force quiting the game if something goes wrong.
76561198087038109,Not Recommended,282070,33060611,Posted: 30 June,all,tactical gear,nice game still you coud make it to apeear some words on those signs we cant guess all for example i push a button becouse i didnt know what means and the one who supose to make some bages for the wounded one drink with him and he  didnt make in time to make those bages the scavenger died . . . if i knew i play 2 hours and after i lose a man becouse i didnt knew what is that sign is (brainless people who think this is better) didnt buy the game at the fhirst place
,Recommended,282070,13015443,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CookJesus,Amazing.
,Recommended,282070,18225378,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Tim,"This game will either make you out to be a senseless♥♥♥♥♥♥or a feeling driven madman.Either way, it's a great game <3"
,Not Recommended,282070,16344303,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jerry,"I am someone who is used to this kind of things, occupied city, harsh living conditions, bandits, snipers, etc, now while i don't know these things firsthand i knew these kinds of things through other means, so i am really not that shocked by the ""dark side of war"" ""citizens perspective of war"", etc, so this entire game seems very repetitive, you go on supply runs, struggle to feed your group, build things, upgrade, etc, but scavenging is one of the worst parts of this game, first of all your backpack has a limited number of spots so you cannot take all of the good things that you find, so most of the time your characters have to either go wothout food which will save someones life, or go without medicine/bandages which will save someones life, another really upsetting part of scavenging is the combat system, after my characters brutally stabbed a soldier to death they took his rifle, so on the next scavenge we went to the military outpost, now my plan was to shoot the guard but my character had other ideas, so instead of shooting the guard, she ran up the ladder and attempted to hit the soldier with the rifle butt, long story short i have a dead character and three starving/sick survivoirs."
,Not Recommended,282070,18447596,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Sixty Space,"This is a great ""Get-raided-and-wounded-every-night-♥♥♥♥-you""-simulatorGot raided and deeply wounded 3 nights in a row. This leaves me ♥♥♥♥ing dead. ♥♥♥♥ this game.If you want a game you can complete by skill, this is not it."
,Not Recommended,282070,30100713,Posted: 22 February,all,voicer,"Some changes must have happened... Well - game crashes now frequently, mostly during scavenging and you are forced to repeat same day over and over again. I tried with other scavenging locations but had same result.I no longer recommend this game to anyone, crash bugs are unacceptable."
76561198140257724,Not Recommended,282070,24800961,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mimer,"This might seem a bit harsh, but the lack of fast-forward during daytime breaks it for me. I have to wait for my survivors to rest. Just keep the game open and wait, like some low-grade idle game.Other than that, the game is fine/good. I find it hard to get really involved in waiting and grinding."
76561198033166470,Not Recommended,282070,18425814,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Murdoch,The exe of this game is flag as malicious by microsoft essentials.This never used to happen until recently.No assistance or support given.
76561198111997626,Recommended,282070,23345754,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,drelhour,so desperate have to use trainer
,Not Recommended,282070,24813444,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Atlas (DesertedSand),Black menu screen; can't play. Because I can't select any menu options.This is a issue that's effecting a large amount of users but yet there has been no aknowledgment from the dev team. Avoid this product.
,Recommended,282070,24055378,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Volk,This game gave me PTSD
76561198006220137,Not Recommended,282070,26640951,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,drolbmudoboh,"The DLC Does not work before or after the Anniversary update.When I select any of the kids for a campaing. game hangs on the loading screen forever...........Great DLC, purely aesthetic so far though.8/10 for gameplay0/10 for DLC content..."
,Recommended,282070,13576737,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,psyk#518,"i beat up a old man and his wife, then stole all their♥♥♥♥♥♥B)"
,Recommended,282070,21245345,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Pèpè Silvia,"This War of Mine is an excellent little gem that takes on a different perspective. Instead of surviving the 'zombie appocalypse' and running around causing hell, you're trapped in a city besieged by war. Every decision will affect the outcome later down the road; so you must carefully plan your moves; much like a game of chess.First, I don't think I can say enough praise about this game. I fell in love almost instantly with the concept, characters, setting, music, and even the 2.5d gameplay.Second, this game is HARD at the start. It took me until my 5th try to beat the game; almost 20 hrs in. This is not for people who get frustrated easily; as there's a lot of trial and error involved with your first few playthroughs; at least until you get the hang of how stuff works. There is no tutorial or walkthrough; they throw you right in the middle and you must learn to overcome any obstacles.There's a very delicate balance of risk vs. reward, so as I said earlier you must plan each day out as best as possible so you don't waste time\resources going to places that won't benefit you the most. A lot of times you won't even be able to do a ""recon"" mission because you will be pressed to find food, medication, or materials so you can survive another night.During each day you must stay in your shelter and build equipment, upgrade your house, cook food, comfort other members, etc. There's plenty of stuff to keep you busy, and usually you will be pressed by time to finish any tasks before nightfall.At night you use the cover of darkness to travel to different areas of the city gathering supplies. Some will be abandoned; but most will still have occupants. Some will be neutral or even trade; but most will attack if provoked. Levels have multiple paths that you will need to navigate thru, using shovels to clear debris piles; or a saw to cut metal bars. Each action makes sound; so (for example) if you're trying to be sneaky, use a lockpick instead of a crowbar to open a door.It's also not wise to kill everyone you come accross; as this will send some members over the breaking point. and they will refuse to take orders; or they may just leave; making survival even tougher. In some situations, killing is inevitable; so you must be prepared for the concequences.The game does an excellent job at connecting the player with the characters; so when (not if) a member dies, you actually feel like you lost a friend. But, it's at this point you must press on; because sooner or later the war will end.Game design is top notch. The music is fantastic, with a Metro2033 vibe that adds a lot to the mood. The interface is simply point\click, with icons highlighting interactive spots; very simple and easy to use. The level design helps with the mood as well, with excellent graphics detail of partially destroyed buildings; lighting, and the overall feel of a war-torn city.The main story even has randomn events and characters, so each playthrough is a little different. Once you've played the main story, there's also custom ""stories"" that you can either build from within the game, or dl via Steam Workshop; so there's many hours of play from this great game.--Bottom Line--Don't pass this up, the game has a little bit for everyone IMO. This proves that you don't need the latest 3D engine and hundreds of staff to make a good game. If you can look past the lack of tutorial\instruction, then this game will not disappoint.10/10"
76561197990083774,Not Recommended,282070,32858671,Posted: 27 June,all,Disdainus Maximus,Screw this game. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ One mistake or glitch and you need to start over and replay hours and hours worth of progress.
76561197995209569,Not Recommended,282070,33021049,Posted: 29 June,all,Zal,Gameplay is lacking too much. There also isn't really any interaction with the characters and it's hard to care about them.
,Not Recommended,282070,32910430,Posted: 27 June,all,PantheRed,It's really boring. Like a paid and charmless Fallout shelter
,Not Recommended,282070,32681367,Posted: 23 June,all,CarbonLight,"Refunded it.Its the sort of game that is well built, but it just takes ages to play."
,Not Recommended,282070,33337461,Posted: 7 July,all,El Duce,"I feel this game is a bit overrated. I was not able to get into the game and experience the heart wrenching bits because I felt like the tedious dynamics were wasting my time. Stuff like having to build a bed and having to make food are not interesting at all, so I think they could have made these actions implicit like in all other games. It doesn't add anything for me other than taking time and adding unnecessary complexity.There are a lot of great war movies where I can just sit there and experience a heart wrenching situation without having to figure out uninteresting gameplay.  If you can't make interesting game play by all means choose a movie as your medium.PS: I finished two dark souls games so I am okay with punishing, desperate gameplay. I just don't like it if it feels like my time is being wasted."
76561198313758817,Recommended,282070,33208121,Posted: 3 July,all,UBuK,Feel Yourself At War
76561198015231091,Recommended,282070,13424971,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Radix,briliant... just briliant.... I ve got shivers all over my body...
76561197974669100,Not Recommended,282070,17244988,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Free Hat,"Great game, but I can't commit the amount of time to such a peradeath game.  To me, this game is in the same catagory as Civ 5, I can't play that game anymore because I get too engrossed into it and it takes too long to get a great game going and I easily loose track of time till 2AM, then I have to be at work the next morning.  FTL and Papers, please do it right, the games are short and sweet, to the point and very enjoyable.  Day Z does peradeath right too, it doesn't take too long to get back into the game along side your friends once you die.  When I die or something terrible happens in this game I get so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because I spent four to six hours setting up a fantastic game and immensely enjoying it only to loose it ALL, with the only option to spend another four to six hours getting back to where I was before.  This game is fantastic for a teenager who has the whole summer to spend doing nothing, with no responsibilies and no where to go.  For everyone else, i would say just stay away it'll suck up tremendous amounts of time and you won't realize it untill it's 1AM."
,Recommended,282070,25451309,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,CARL,"I was expected a survival game, instead I got a holocaust simulator."
,Not Recommended,282070,21943292,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ngw39,They make new The Little One not coming PC to make up to console peasants.Console Cancer.
,Not Recommended,282070,23532630,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BubbleVanilla,"Its great! its intense! its depressing.. but sadly I went through so many crashes, bugs, tool bug, stresses out and angry at the inventory system. I could not recommend this to anyone for now until dev fix some of these problem."
76561197970662961,Not Recommended,282070,29604024,Posted: 31 January,all,Bionator,"Absolutely cannot recommend this game.  This game keeps crashing players to the desktop when they go out to scavenge.   Windows gives an error, and you are dumped to the desktop.  This game is hard enough without having to deal with this bug.  If you reload, you end up repeating the same day over and over because you are dumped no matter where you try to scavenge.  I cannot recommend this game.  This is a serious bug that The developers have not addressed.  Don't waste your money or time on this game, you will just get really frustrated."
76561198043754515,Not Recommended,282070,26754006,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,joelsintas,"Le jeu ne démarre plus, même après avoir été désinstallé, puis réinstallé. Que puis-je faire?"
,Recommended,282070,13889461,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dilly Dingus,P-pavlos coming back right? Right?
,Not Recommended,282070,33364137,Posted: 7 July,all,Savage Sloth,"I like an original idea as much as the next hoo-ha.This idea had potential.In an industry saturated with FPS and games that glorify combat this game shows a different (albeit significantly more boring) reality in war.The task seems simple, stay alive during war time.Now, the story, as a said, is solid. But the actual game play BLOWS.I don’t think anyone actually ever survives the 40 days, but I suppose that is the point…to shed light on the crappyness of war.…but this is a game.….A GAME.Now where is my Call of Duty so I can blow some stuff up?"
,Not Recommended,282070,23810819,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Junit151,Not what I expected. Watch gameplay before you buy.
,Not Recommended,282070,16614324,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,megablue,"Pros,- The graphics are really well done.- the war time vibe gets you thinking.Cons,- glorified the sims - war edition. you will hate this game if you think the sims is tedious.- slow and unevenful- crafting... i hate crafting."
76561197972831955,Not Recommended,282070,17430679,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Beatnick,"This is an amazing game, the only issu is that it's still plagued with crashing bugs.  If you have a system the game likes and will run on, this game is a 10/10.  If not, well... it looks nice sitting in your library.  If they fix the bugs that prevent me from playing the game, i'll give this game a huge thumbs up, but til then, be wary of all its bugs."
76561198060604847,Not Recommended,282070,20555408,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Say my name...,"It starts off good and the fact it is a different style from other games out there makes it stand out. However after an hour or so I did find it tedious tabbing between the characters and assigning them tasks without the ability to queue tasks.I did enjoy the night-time, sneaking about raiding homes and premises, but the real depressing feel for the game and the characters struggle really did start to grate on me.I just didnt feel that it was worth the amount of money paid, as I dont feel its a game you could play over and over, so with that in mind I got myself a refund.The graphics, gameplay and the rest were all very smooth which I cannot fault, it just wasnt for me."
76561198007475885,Not Recommended,282070,17001168,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,itchy01ca01,"For this price? No. I got it on sale and the price was just right. It's a good game, and forces you to think out of the box. Good mechanics, great story. The fighting is a little lackluster and the options are limiting to say the least. People won't agree with this review because in general is is a good game. Just watch the price and get it on sale. It won't last you long."
,Recommended,282070,25414505,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,BadIronTree,So sad i had to stop :/
,Not Recommended,282070,23636484,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,a chick with a gun,"I would really like to recommend this game, but it is impossible to play in Linux, in 3 hours of gameplay it has crashed around 15 times. So if you are getting it to play on Linux, think about it twice."
,Recommended,282070,22804739,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Randompieguy3,I crie everytiem.
,Not Recommended,282070,17485128,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Suck my dick,"Played the game for 20 hours, Got bored. Until there are more updates I would not recommend this game1st. Repetitive2nd. Very Slow pace (If you like repetitive and slow pace games here you go)3rd. Gets boring after you beat the game a couple of times.4th. Update plz5th. Until they have another big game breaking update *I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME*"
,Not Recommended,282070,28696433,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Long John,I can't even play the game. I try to open it but a blace screen opens and if you click it it says its not responding if yI wait it just shuts down.
,Not Recommended,282070,23412227,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Danger Dangle,"The game continues to crash each time you alt tab (despite having a GTX 1080) and you have to revert to an auto save, however, 99% of the time the save is corrupted and you have to start over.For the price you pay, paired with the game's simplicity, you shouldn't be struggling with these issues.This is a game that I torrented and enjoyed, so I ended up buying it with the DLC. It's always a shame when Torrented versions of a game run better than the legitimate copy."
,Recommended,282070,12986059,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Erdnusskern,"This is the kind of game we always wanted, but never knew we did.Always close to death of starvation, you go out in the safe night (not really safe, let's say less dangerous than the bright day) to scavenge other survivors hideouts, having to decide, if you are going to take whatever you can carry, or at least leave this old couple some bandages and a bit of food to survive the day after. On the one hand it's only about the survival of your own people. But keep in mind, whoever is out there is suffering as much as you do.You'll have to decide what is right, or what you think is right.And I swear to god, it is going to tear you apart, taking the last bit of medicine this sick man has left, while this lady has severe wounds that have to be treated daily with the last bandages those survivers have left, or having to kill a family father in self-defense. Much like in 'Papers, Please!', most of your decisions feel wrong, but sadly are necassary.No bugs, no issues, couldn't find a thing to complain about the game.Overall: heartbreaking and cruel, yet you can't stop playing, because of it's beautiful kind of design, atmosphere, and soundtrack. Go and get it~Erd"
,Not Recommended,282070,22229285,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,☠Delta-19☠,This game is not worth $20. Iv tryed to get my money back but steam is being a hard A## about it...
76561197990268339,Not Recommended,282070,25505969,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,leonyounggod,"Feel boring to play this game. Complete almost the same tasks everyday. And this game is extremely difficult, you've got short for everything, and you have to wait for the night to steal these things. The rediculous thing is, you can only send one person to steal things at night with a super small backpack! This is not a game that you can enjoy...this is definitely a game that can kill you instantly. Not fun."
76561198028350084,Not Recommended,282070,30108026,Posted: 22 February,all,Kak hander,MY ♥♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,282070,24786795,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,TheBrightSide,Seems like a game I'd love to get into if it didn't crash constantly.
,Not Recommended,282070,19382357,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ysu,"It's just a management game like many others. I did not find it particularly worthy from any angle.It's not bad, just fails to excel in any way, in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,282070,16750860,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Code Do'ddert Derv'bs,"This game just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. About an hour in, the only enjoyment I could get from it was killing innocent people just to spite the game's sappy, tragic atmosphere. If you want to play a good game about civilians caught in the crossfire of a terrible war, then I suggest you play ""Antibodies"" on Expert in Rock Band 3."
76561198079331229,Not Recommended,282070,24976420,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mute,It crashes on alot if not for the crashes every 5 minutes would be a very fun game
76561198000683794,Not Recommended,282070,16489952,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[FE]Dr-Zakoota,looks interesting .. but no guide no tutorial tasks to know what to do ? .. guess and play if u can ..i will not recommend untill developers add some thing (guide or tutorial etc) for the players about how to play their game ! .
,Not Recommended,282070,16805822,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,People's_Pigeon,"If you like story based games, survival games with tons of constructs and tools to make and use, or intense action games with thousands of hours of fun! Don't buy this game first of all: there is so few things to build and you will end up make a bunch of those few things for the same boring task. Second of all: It's as hard as balls and not even fun hard (pun unintended) what i mean is there isn't a replay value to say ""Oh i lost might as well try again"" NO you will feel bored after one grueling playthrough to play ever again. Last of all:You will read in many other reviews that you will do everything and play everything there is to play and do in such few hours that it definitely is not worth $19.99. However if you want to experience it for yourself I HIGHLY recommend that you just wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,282070,18104054,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,simabolbol,"I love this game and almost everything about it. The one thing that I don't which just killed it for me: No saving!As you can see, I haven't played it in months and it's all because of that one reason. You invest so much then it's all taken away for whatever reason and you can't revert to an older save. It's a game. It's not real life!!! If I wanted to experience a real war zone, that one thing in this world that there are nor shall there ever be a shortage of."
76561197970705380,Not Recommended,282070,16975199,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Volvotank,"I liked the idea of this game, but there wasnt enough to do to keep it interesting.  I love the sim aspect when your in the hideout, and the rogue elements when scavanging but at the end of the day most of your time is spent waiting for them to do what you want.  The gaps between having enough supplies for upgrades or building anything were too long for me.6/10"
,Not Recommended,282070,16404232,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TommyLeePickles,"Love the actual game, can't stress that enough. Very well designed gameplay. Unfortunately the the ****ing thing crashes at LEAST once per game day. Not your average crash either, like a full on computer apocalypse crash which makes me have to restart it. I've tried to find out why, there is no answer from their email and no forum support for it. Can't recommend a game I can't get to play, sorry."
91191191192291192,Not Recommended,282070,16945919,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Squidward,"Well this game was fun... for about 1 hour and a half then there became nothing really to do i already concoured the city and was stacked with guns, armor, meds, and other things. The game was very fun losing and gaining new people but after a while it just got repetitive and just did not intrest me. So take the game slow and have some fun but if you are a person whos good at these kind of games then i would say to save your 20 dollars cause honey... it aint worth it. <:*("
76561198058267679,Not Recommended,282070,17928720,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,NECKER,"Was pulled in by the great reviews but left disappointed. It's a depressing point and click game with weak graphics, very few buildable options, and a high level of difficulty."
76561198050135803,Not Recommended,282070,33480738,Posted: 12 July,all,TrickyJawa,edgy
,Not Recommended,282070,19795117,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Peiper,"Doesn't work on Windows 10, seen many other people with this issue and there's been no fix for it."
,Recommended,282070,13487541,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DaggE,Incredible
76561197976641037,Not Recommended,282070,16633209,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MonteNegro,"This game has a very slow start. It is only through trial and error that I know what I'm supposed to do. I felt strongly that I should support the developers and their efforts to bring this game to the world. I'm glad that I purchased it. I'm not certain, however, that I will play it to the end."
,Recommended,282070,27749326,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Эректильная дисфункция,I am doing this for the badges... still great game
76561198043879560,Recommended,282070,24708529,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,CaneGame ♔,────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
76561197978961025,Recommended,282070,32491995,Posted: 16 June,all,Fox,"DO NOT PLAY THIS HORRIBLE PLAGUE OF A GAMEI do recommend it, but only for the psychological masochist."
76561198071063992,Not Recommended,282070,19503462,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mulla McFlash,"It's a good game, but when your character fail to at attck three times in a row and therfore dies and you cannot load back it kind of makes it stink..."
,Recommended,282070,17141541,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Washell,Gritty sims reboot. Will play again!
,Recommended,282070,13353252,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Oshy,Bruno was my ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,282070,28992540,Posted: 3 January,all,AraiShadow,"It works, not as fun as I thought it would be. Sometimes it's more frustrating than fun. I usually play safe and trying to be neutral but it's annyoing that almost every night I get raided (probably by my own neighbors...).Even if i defend myself and almost get killed my character stays ""broken"" and probably puts a barrel in her/his moulth and just end it the day later. The recovery.. It feels so random sometimes. Why do I have to be so ""nice"" to raiders for, and why can't I be a raider and a psycho like them without ending my own life? It feels also like the game chooses for me how I should feel, I get it it's soposed to be based on ""true story"" but in reality it just gives one side of the war.I feel 50/50 with this game, I'd say buy it on a sale but I wouldn't recommend it. Sorry.."
76561197982577039,Recommended,282070,29180172,Posted: 11 January,all,Lufka,"You can decide to kill someone, but you can not decide when to make a suiciderecommended"
76561198157063207,Not Recommended,282070,31012644,Posted: 8 April,all,reaganandjuanita,I loved this game. Was great. Played for a while and then one day it stopped working.  Quit unexpectidly it tells me. I have looked everywhere and tried everyones suggestions and still no luck. SO frustraited and want my money back plaease.
76561198257728130,Recommended,282070,33760293,Posted: 24 July,all,Bandit boy,hitler donald trump and a kid best squad ever 10/10
,Recommended,282070,27770856,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Panda With a Gun,Buy it.
,Not Recommended,282070,19020927,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SpiderKZN,"I would say it alright, not the best. Loot and trade. not my thing."
76561198046126850,Not Recommended,282070,28017955,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cherub Chef,"Buggy as hell. Dull and repetitive after a couple hours. Not worth the price. It's selling point is the emotions of the surviors and storyline, which don't really add anything to the game tbh. There are free games online that give the same experience."
,Not Recommended,282070,22289597,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Raza,"ignore all positive reviews!! such horsecrap!   terrible game 1st site no enemies or anyone except rats clear pickings 2nd site no way to sneak heard very easy even if raining (pisstake) cant fight more than 1 person (also suks u just endup dieng coz they have better weapons wile all u have is crowbar) waste of 15 quid imo,  games so hard even on normal , ur basically screwed after day 3 also u can scavenge same site more than once but thats takes u 2 days lol i thought if i took 2 out 2 scavenge i wud have a bigger haul but then id have 3 tired ppl coz u cant leave every1 asleep because u wil get raided if so and lose valuable items sometimes suky game screws u over from day 3 onwards pff u have to start with sum dude slightly wounded! and one slightly sick so thats a full day for slightly sik one to recover and upto 4 days for slightly wounded one and guess what my scavenger was the one slightly wounded wtf?? so i had to send out the bloody cook!! till my scavenger got better what a joke day 4 i got to use him but then he ended up dieng against 2 ppl ganginup on me cause the game makes u rob sum1 else the 2nd night after my scavenger got killed by 2 guys with big axes wile i had a pessy shovel i had enough of this bs game, ontop of that if u takeout a shovel or crowbar thats 2 valueable inventory slots takenup wth game? also the traqding system suks i wanted 4 quality rollups and 4 meat have a guess how much? proper joke man guy wants ur (A R S E) included in deal raas lol so the trade cost me 1 jewelry (looks like a big diamond says valuable tradin item) 4 repair box 4 water 4 electric part box for them items what a joke!! i had high hopes for this one i really did, the guy who said u can complete this game without killin anyone is chatin beans man not possible beleive me. dissapointed i thought this was a ww2 style game but its not its a 2 d action platform game and u have to click on the characters or there bio box at bottom to move them around do actions etc click and point style like diablo2 lod is.  5 outta 10   50 / 100"
76561198076858316,Not Recommended,282070,16352126,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ZSGhoul,Just wend on sale just after i got it And also for a review its good it just crashes ALOT
,Recommended,282070,19246767,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Monsieur Komixé Le Beau,One of the best indie games I've played. The concept is great. I love the art style too. If you're looking for a great indie game then you should try this.
76561198262616511,Recommended,282070,24812804,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,calliejacob,7/10
76561198038756563,Recommended,282070,16559109,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Atlas,almost as good as CoD
76561198112981059,Recommended,282070,16353200,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,choglit,This game is worth having in your library and for £6.99 its a steal.
76561198052725775,Not Recommended,282070,30024213,Posted: 18 February,all,monstoor,"Unfortunately I cannot recommended this game for Linux users as there seems to be a problem with the game requiring an older version of glibc. Certainly on my OpenSUSE 42.2 system it crashes upon launch, and I hear reports from some Arch users having similar problems.I hope the developer will consider updating the game."
76561198086310780,Not Recommended,282070,29808479,Posted: 9 February,all,ryalbrig90,"This game is awesome, but unfortunately it crashes constantly. I've done everything I've seen on the internet so far to fix it, and have come to no avail"
,Not Recommended,282070,24792031,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ghojo,"I think 'This War of Mine' an important game to talk about, because it approaches a topic no other games do - being a civilian in a war zone. The problem is, to me, that it's not a great game.I love the game for it's idea to give you a feeling of being stuck in a war as a civilian and how it tries to convey the hardship you would have to endure.Sadly it does it technically in such a bad, unnecessarily tedious way (like being able to scavenge only at night + only 1 person at a time) that it ends up scewing the whole experience.Furthermore the game is also very unrealistic. For example, a human can survive for about 30-40 days without food (if hydrated, and you would die around 45 - 60 days). Yet in the game, after two days of (still) eating a littlebit, they seem to begin to starve.Also water, unless there's a chemical or radioactive fallout, it's pretty safe to drink rainwater. You don't need to construct a filter every day to use it, you can just boil it to be on the safe side. Not to mention you can just put a pot in the open to collect rainwater, why the need to build a complicated machine for it?Furthermore the graphics. I get it that the Developer wanted to convey a bleak feeling, but if you watch footage of the war in the Ukraine, Iraq, Nigeria, or Syria, it's not all dark, grey and muddy.Sometimes the days look really beautiful and peaceful, like nothing as happened. That is what is so surreal about war, the cruelty and destruction thrown against the beautiful environment of a once thriving life - which is now crumbling under it's horrors.To me it seems that the Developer didn't do much research on life and survival in a war zone, and instead just did what he thought people would do in such a situation, and what it would be like.Honestly, a lot feels forced and arbitrary to me. Like the Dev had to limit your possibilities to make you feel how hard war is. Which to me is a really bad choice, because it makes it feel unrealistic and like a ""game"", and not like a real experience.Instead make things meaningful - for example the limit of scavenging with only 1 person; Allow more than one to scavenge, but that would increase the risk of being overwhelmed in a raid. See? No artificial limitation and you immediately have a stronger impact of your gameplay choices, and a stronger experience of the hard choices to be made in a conflict.What I really like about the game though is how some of the AI families react if you kill one of them. This is really well done..So overall I think, if the game was better designed - and more realistic, the emotional impact would have been much stronger and probably made people think about war much more.Now it's just an okay building / survival game with a war background. And if it hadn't that, I am sure the overall rating would be much lower.I praise the Developer for trying, and for how it got people to talk about war (well, did it? How many of you actually did research furthermore into armed conflicts after playing the game?). Yet I just can't recommend it. I wish there was a ""neutral"" option for reviews.So my suggestion is to watch actual footage from armed conflicts, and donate the money directly to charities instead (like Doctors without Borders). Believe me, it will make you feel and think much more."
76561197994159662,Not Recommended,282070,33492310,Posted: 12 July,all,Vordaq,"This game is bleak and dreary.Oh I meant the gameplay, not just the aesthetic."
,Recommended,282070,13369308,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,THICC BUTT,"I killed an old couple in their basement with a shovel, then i stole their jewellery and food."
76561198041314580,Recommended,282070,19316771,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Frankin Djej,This war of mine makes you think what people were on about how this was depressingThen the game makes you steal♥♥♥♥♥♥from ill elderly people
76561198118283803,Not Recommended,282070,28207460,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Analimal,"Good game, the moral system is pretty accurate but damn it becomes boring really quickly, I personnaly didnt enjoy playing this game, I tried my best to like it and it was fun the first 3hours or so then after that u just skip day, loot night, skip day, loot night..... Would of give a positive review if there was more option in the game."
,Recommended,282070,33067459,Posted: 30 June,all,🅺🅾🆅🅰,This is a good game can get emotional at some points and more.This game is based upon the Bosnian War were people from all sides suffered allot.
,Not Recommended,282070,33075658,Posted: 1 July,all,Wujo_gm,"I really like this game but I can't stand one thing. Sometimes when I loot other buildings I meet other people, obviously. Usually they say something like 'Just don't make any trouble' or sth. Sometimes, immediately after saying that, they run to me and shoot me dead. Make up your mind, want to kill me instantly or remind be to behave. Bipolar freaks."
76561197976729676,Not Recommended,282070,17465107,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,unsobill,"Bought it, installed it, upon start no mouse visible and any action menus.Refund."
,Recommended,282070,25435869,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,✪ [K]ing -iwnl- Farmskins.com,normal
76561198227549492,Recommended,282070,35457560,Posted: 3 October,all,Fallout Bear,"Its fun, and a little messed up..."
76561198005545691,Recommended,282070,24128252,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,X-the Unknown,"Absolutely the best game I have played in years. In fact I don't think I have ever played anything like it except the view it has in Little People on the C64 years ago.This game was worth every bit of the $4.99 I paid for it onsale just recently. Even though it is kind of easy it's still fun and has tense moments. I have recently started to make it challenging by making a few choice house rules that totally make it harder now. I think makes it what might have been in a real war.This game has so much potential to improve the content and the things that happen in it that it's unreal. Zombie survival game with zombies hiding in the shadows. Thousands of zombies instead of the few soldiers and bandits on the screen now. Super zombies if someone got bit (wounded or maybe even slightly wounded if there were no medicine)Romance, jealouse, toilets, bathtubs, sorta like The SIMS comes to WAR. :))If you haven't played this game I totally recommend it and most of you know me and how I hate all games. You can bet when Slayah likes a game that it is good. :))"
,Not Recommended,282070,25727489,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,☠Elimination☠,"After one of the more recent updates, game is just a black screen after loading."
,Not Recommended,282070,30632480,Posted: 20 March,all,Pancake™,Would love to play it if it didnt say there was a problem with the game when i tried to make my own story
76561198004413401,Not Recommended,282070,30018725,Posted: 18 February,all,[HN],"A classic case of underserved hype over a pretty mediocre game.People talked about a game putting you in-front of hard choices with dire consequences, letting you live the horror that is war for the civilians but nothing could be farther from the truth.First of all, forget the ""choices, consequences"" and all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the only interaction you can have with NPC are trading (if they are traders), or killing. You can't talk to them, so unless you are some kind of perturbed person that will care about what happen to some random faceless NPC standing between you and the stuff you need, there's zero emotion or story in that game.The game itself is a pretty tense rogue like that become boring pretty fast, the combat system is bad, the UI is terrible and your only activity is to scavenge a very limited set of locations by night for supplies that you'll need to use during the day. You can get more people to your team, but can't send more than one on mission (which is really lame).The graphics are decent, but when you pay a little bit of attention you notice that’s just some pretty bad 3d models shot from very far away and with an hidden behind a ton of fx (they give a nice “drawing” style to the game tho).It seems that you can’t “win” the game since you are doomed to empty every location at some point, leaving you with nothing to survive, but I may be wrong, to be honest after 25 ingame days of dull gameplay I couldn’t give less of a ♥♥♥♥ about what could happen next.The game has a nice ambiance though, but the repetitiveness of the activities it offers gets old really fast, especially when literally NOTHING ever happen.Not an awful game, but a really overrated one."
76561197990222797,Not Recommended,282070,17154478,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,benzidrine,"Great theme doesn't save this game.Thematically this game works really well and I feel that this has led people to ignore that as a game it in fact fails in most areas. It goes without saying the theme to this game is 10/10. It really achieves what it set out and that theme does a lot to bring a tension to this game.Yet the controls are awful, combat is a mess and the poorly executed roguelike elements renders this game an exercise in frustration.With Characters being one shot killed at times, controlling things through sketchy clicking and relying on autopathing is just skirting with disaster all the time. Imagine playing any stealth game with just a mouse and you will get the idea. It often feels like a quick reflex game with no way to actually use your reflexs because the controls are just terrible. Point and click stealth action in a permadeath environment is awful.Combat is just as bad, melee is click on enemy and watch your character swing hoping you kill them before they kill you. Stealth kills are I guess okay just the same click with a different icon. Ranged weapons are a disaster, attempt to get behind cover in the most finicky clicking possible and then shoot by clicking. The whole time you will wish you were able to do this with a keyboard.Avoiding the stealth and combat is quite difficult. Crafting barely turns a profit from raw materials (You can just barely buy back the raw goods from selling the end product) and relies on you scavenging the materials. This leads to the economy of the game being pretty unrealistic and in many ways removes the peaceful option (though it is mostly possible it becomes vastly more effort than other strategies). In what world is a bottle of moonshine about as valuable than the water and sugar it took to make, especially during a severe war. Rolled cigarettes are about as valuable as raw tobacco.The economy of this game is entirely unrealistic due to being made arbitarily difficult. Buying guns and ammo is not difficult mid game but want a hatchet though and you are often completely out of luck. A shovel for sale is rarer than a gun in this game. A metal workshop is easier to make than a vegetable garden. Rolling a cigarette is more difficult than making a radio. At the start building a bed is fine but boarding up a window take upgrades. Also bandages take pure alcohol to make...  In short the theme and immersion of this game is thrown out the window and replaced with nonsensical rules to create a difficulty that feels incredibly artificial. It's a disaster.There is very little roguelike execution. Levels are the same with some having NPC variation. Now unless you are using a guide you will be seeing those areas again and again so the pain of losing is enormous. Also the places that appear each game change the difficulty dramatically, which is a poor execution.This game is actually bad. One great feature doesn't make up for terrible mechanics and controls. There are aspects of this game that are well executed but as a whole package it falls completely flat."
,Not Recommended,282070,19461370,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ross,"Boring, I dont know why any game that has a slight controversial subject has to instantly get a gold star.I forgot it was war themed after the first 10 minutes,. It is just a slow stealth game where you run around collecting resources to craft the next thing. Once you crafted all there is the games pointless.I didnt come across any ""heart wrenching"" war scenes. The conversations with NPC's was akward and unrealistic,I didnt care for the characters, Just ran around collecting mats at night not even stealthing as there doesnt seem to be much danger, get frustrated that you cant carry enough to craft what you want. Get home in the morning place all the mats at your base, skip to night and reapeat untill you got the mats you need.Got boring real fast.Was not was I was exspectingNever been a survivor of war myself, but i cant imagine it would be this easy.So if you like pointlessly running around collecting mats and crafting, Its ok.Has a nice art style, though lazy at parts.Dont exspect a story, dont exspect difficulty, Had promiss but ultimately is just a waste of time."
76561197962952713,Not Recommended,282070,32679293,Posted: 23 June,all,Sweetleaf,"I don't get how this game has received so many positive votes and has somehow inspired the sympathy of VIDEO GAMERS for people who have been through war.  It's like somehow this game has been marketed as a gritty portrait of life as a civilian surviving in the war and has blinded people to the fact that it's actually a♥♥♥♥♥♥game.  Positive reviews seem to be filled with anecdotes about what was happening to their characters on day x like it's some kind of riveting story when in actuality it's a randomly generated event that adds nothing to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay itself.From the clunky movement controls, to the absurd combat system, to the random events which seem to drive the story and your situation regardless of what you've been doing...the repetitive gameplay...etc on and on.  It does grab you in the beginning, but by the 5th or 6th time you're restarting and ransacking the house and reading the ♥♥♥♥ing word bubble 'Oh my goodness the shovel certainly seems to help here!' you've had about enough.Where is the character depth people keep talking about?  I know there probably is a 'proper' way to play this game but it seems to be one of those 'do the exact same thing x person did on wiki' making a successful playthroughs almost identical to each other.  Give me some ♥♥♥♥ing freedom.  I'm not playing this game to check my morals and ethics.  Have a decent combat system and let me efficiently beat the sick old man and his son to death with my shovel and rob.  Let me mow down other scavengers and soldiers with the AK47 and do not obstruct me the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor ranged combat design.Alas, if you were able to these things in the game, it would totally break it.  That's the reason all the combat mechanics are so terrible and crippling - to force you to follow through on the same repetitive task of running in and out of scavenging areas every night avoiding people.IDK, wasn't for me.  Don't get it.  Glad I got it on sale for $4 Canadian."
,Not Recommended,282070,33015567,Posted: 29 June,all,Senor Blakk Dik,"Currently more frustrating than fun for me. It's really difficult and nothing at all is explained well. There's no tutorial, nothing is clear. I like hard games, but it seems BS. It seems like it's built to make you lose 99% of the time. Add these things together and I wonder why I paid money for this."
76561198081483515,Not Recommended,282070,25426737,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,StateOfRageNGrace,"Edited - to remove disclaimer as I have now checked and the complaints below are valid and not just that i have missed a mechanic or option in the game...Ok, so, this is a tricky review to write because i'm not a completely sociopathic person and i do understand human suffering and that war is a terrible thing.  But that's rather the point, i do know that already and i wanted a game not a never-ending stream of ""War is bad mmmm-Kay"" with - and this is the main point of this rant - very little game attached.Daytime - there is essentially feck all to do in this section of the game. 2 minutes of cooking and eating and maybe build a thing, and then you have to sit through the rest of the day so all of your little dudes/dudettes can have a go at sleeping. Because there's no way to queue actions and no fast forward time button. And no way to check what materials something needs without one of your very very slow little people walking to the damn workbench to look. And why the heck can't i upgrade the damn stove just because there's a pot of food sitting on it? Just move it to the damn fridge little man...  And if you do make a lovely, well-equipped house for the little people are they happy? No, it's ""a brief respite from the horrors that surround us"" because god forbid there might be a second where we aren't reminded that War is Bad.So we come to Nighttime - that's gonna be more fun, we'll be sneaking about on perilous, action-packed escapades! Oh. For starters, it won't be ""we"" because for some completely non-explained reason no matter how desperate we are for resources only one of my little people is allowed out at night. The others will sit on their arses and whine about being hungry and even starve and still a second person may never leave. Presumably something to do with War being Bad. But ok. at least my one little dude who is a ""Skilled Scavenger"" will do something exciting! Hmm, well, actually it turns out i don't have a sawblade so i can't get in to the room with the shiny stuff (apparently my ""Skilled Scavenger"" can't just use that pile of metal scrap that's right there to knock a hole in the wall of the completely abandoned. shelled house) - guess i'll go clear this rubble so i can get at that interesting looking cupboard. Oh Christ. I'm going to have to sit and watch him spend most of the night scraping some rocks. Because there's no fast forward time button. I guess if there was I might not have as much time to sit and think about how War is Bad.And a final note on that, you know one of the ways that people deal with War being Bad? Humour. And there is not a drop of it to be found in this game anywhere.So is there anything good about this game? Yes.  The artwork is awesome, it's certainly atmospheric (if rather one-dimensionally so), and it is in a strange way somewhat compelling - otherwise i wouldn't have spent so many hours on a very annoying game.  Unfortunately, none of that can make up for gameplay and interface being borderline terrible."
76561198047217728,Not Recommended,282070,28106211,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mister A,"Was enjoying the game until combat. I had a gun, and yet because the combat system doesn't tell you what to do I lost about 6 hours worth of play because I didn't know how to shoot (dispite my character being an ex-cop)."
,Not Recommended,282070,17412544,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SKIN,"Edit: Played for another few hours, just to be absolutely sure I wasn't missing something.Eventually a place cropped up to barter...great! Oh, they keep coming. Around 80-90% (no exagguration) of my locations were occupied by other survivors, thugs, or military. There was nothing left to do but 'be the bad guy' and resort to stealing from these people which gets really difficult once they start pointing guns. There was no way you could build all the cool stuff in a reasonable time-frame especially when you got looted, despite having men on guard, every odd night.The exchange rates on items are downright extortionate as even cigarettes, advertised as being needed badly by the army, are worth little to nothing if you just want a bit of metal to build the 30 metal upgrade for your workbench. If you carried nothing but metal with your best scavenger you can manage 60 in a night but often you won't find that much and you need around 20 wood for the upgrade too which can only stack in twos. You need food every day because everyone is hungry every day, fair enough, but you need your water which costs metal for filtration and you need to burn your wood or metal to make fuel to cook one meal for one person!What I also noticed was that survivors do not sleep on their own if you skip the day, if you get your fourth survivor and only have a couple of beds, which can work if you alternate, then you will need to sit and watch your survivors stand still or sleep until they wake up in order to swap people into the bed. Why do I have to do that? I'm not building anything, nothing is happening, I don't want to sit and wait until this other guy wakes up so I can put the other to bed.It's so frustrating and not in a difficult sense, you're just a clown juggling things until you see what you drop first. I didn't feel much sense of adventure despite the NPCs I encountered and nobody is willing to do you any favours. Why couldn't they have added some quests or something? A favour for a favour; I only had one instance of this where a guy wanted me to open a door...the way I was going. I opened it, he let me have a few items and that was that, I never saw anything else like that apart from kids at the door going ""help our mother"" where they just keep taking your medication or food. I'd rather persistent quests instead of all this bartering where I'm stealing goods, selling them back to people, buying other goods that are a pain to find and so on.Also why can't I take someone with me to scavenge? Why do I keep meeting groups of thugs, bandits, survivors, out on location doing the same thing as me but I can only take one person? It just prolongs something that doesn't need to be there and isn't fun.___________________________________________________________________________________Eat, Sleep, Take All, Repeat.No way to 'befriend' other survivors. In one instance I was seen at the front door of another's base and a guy ran out and stabbed me as protection! 'Thankfully' he only stabbed me a few times and let me go so consider that 'warning' heard loud and clear. I thought this game was meant to show the realities of war or something? Since when do people stab you and consider it a warning, why didn't he just wave the knife around and tell me to bugger off? I came across another guy who was having a real hard time, mourning the death of his friend. ""Don't mind me, I'm just paying my respects"" or some such he said- right, can I talk to him? No. Maybe I would've liked to invite this poor sap over to our house seeing as I'm meant to feel sympathy for the poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ whose friend died and was fittingly(?) buried at the back of a gas station.On the topic of other survivors, I had one come to my front door and trade with me. Now, I'd collected some quality tobacco and coffee. The item description says that these things are the hot buns of the market, everyone wants them, they're so valuable in these times of war. I figure I need some metal to make a bed seeing as I built a rainwater filter and that was it for the day. So, I try to get a few of his abundance (30) of metal. Apprantley coffee isn't worth♥♥♥♥♥♥because I pretty much had to trade all my coffee and tobacco for barely any metal- I tried to trade for wood instead and got the same result! I traded anyway, I wanted another bed up; but then the survivor, who was just complaining about having no bed, is now crying we have no tobacco- I've never seen him smoke! Give me a break. For a game that gets praise for being some emotional experience there's certainly a lack of emotional interaction, my survivors never nattered to each other and only spoke to themselves randomly saying things such as ""We're going to make it"" or ""I would love to sleep in a bed"". Consider me provoked.Survivors spend most of their time sick or wounded and, at times, you can't do anything about it. ""Bruno needs bandages"" from around the start and there's none to be seen. I never once came across a medical supply apart from herbal medicine and Bruno simply died along with my scavenger who sure learnt his lesson about coming to the front door.The crafting is so frustrating seeing as you can only get so much a night which usually amounts to one or two objects, and even then you need more to use them. For example, rainwater needs a filter, you need filtered rainwater to cook a meal (5 for one meal, you get 4 per collection and filters cost a few metal as well as being one-time use). There's not much else to the game, it just felt really repetitive where I'm putting people to bed or making them eat a meal. Then, after that exciting task, I go to the night and scavenge which is simply clicking on a hand icon and hitting 'take all'. Sometimes, maybe pretty frequently, you'll come back to have been raided. Either your♥♥♥♥♥♥is gone, your people got smacked hard defending it, or maybe a combination of the two!It's just not fun. There's some initial grip to it where you're excited to be surviving in these times of war but God does it drag on. Why survivors start wounded and sick is beyond me, and if you get RNG'd on your loot then the game is pretty much done for you. There's no actual relationships developing and your survivors just exist together in the plainest sense, a house of individuals with a shared inventory. There's a much better game out there like this, except with a zombie theme, called Zafehouse. You'd think I'd have the same criticisms of Zafehouse as I do This War of Mine but it's considerably cheaper and less empty in a more general sense, it was just fun. This game just made me want to go and play that instead, where I actually had a fun time. I'd recommended giving Zafehouse a look before This War of Mine."
,Not Recommended,282070,15162693,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Excells,very boring very fast.
76561198094942726,Not Recommended,282070,15684642,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mosterdpot,"So this was my original review after losing in combat for a second time (10h in):""Stupid combat system. You die if someone else farted. I regret buying this game.""Some people didn't seem to like it :PHere are the questions you should ask yourself :Did you like playing The Sims but thought it was to upbeat for you?Do you like getting in touch with your feelings?Do you like resource management?Do you like punishing game mechanics?Do you like spending a lot of time (perhaps) doing nothing, just trying to get by?Do you like to take things slow?Do you like experiencing the struggle to survive?Do you like to make tough choices, like who lives or who dies. Even between the ones close to you?Do you like random♥♥♥♥♥♥happening to you? (The wrath of fate :)Do you like hoarding, collecting, crafting, trading? (not in any particular order)Do you don't mind simple game play?Do you think the military is evil incorporated and deserves to be annihalated like some common thugs?Do you like watching progress bars a lot?If you answered yes to a fair amount of these questions then this game is for you.After 40+h of game time :I now had one successful playthrough and maybe it's time for more info. I don't regret buying the game any more but I'm not sure if I'll spend more time on it. Losing in combat can be infuriating because you didn't realise you were in combat, or the game simply did not respond to your command, ... . I'm just telling you upfront.I still find it hard to recommend this game to others. Since I got passed the basics, my first playthrough was kind of boring and rather uneventfull. It was probably also the lowest difficulty level perhaps. I had one character die because of combat I wasn't aware of (again...) but after that it was really easy.Think you can expect to spend like 20h before you get your first full playthrough if you go in blind and try to figure stuff out yourself. I just went through the experience twice because I put the game down for a long time.The Good ( = loved it) :- The atmosphere (some say it's depressing on it's own). I think it really draws you into the world. I think they did a really good job on that.- The characters and the character bio picture at the bottom are nice. I thought it was kind of silly at first but it does help to give personality to the character. I feel it does help with the immersion- Choices. Real tough choices. Sometimes easier ones. But always with consequences.The Bad ( = room for improvement) :- There is very little information given to you. This game does not hold hands! Now I don't mind that. Exploration and experimentation is all good to me. Don't get me wrong.But I have put it under negative because I think they should have explained some things (or at least a little more), for example the combat system. But there also other aspects where I thought, why not just tell that instead of having to figure it out.In my opinion there are 2 ways to get into this game. Either go in blind and expect a steep learning curve, with a big portion of frustration, just trying to understand/learn the basics. Or go and read/watch guides on the basics and getting beyond the basics and then jump in.- music is not that amazing. You get a couple of songs on a loop and that's it basically. Not saying it's bad. I think it could have been better. I think they could have done more with the radio or more stuff like the guitar.- game play itself is not that exciting. A lot of the game consists of just watching progress bars. I'm sorry but it's true.- I found the ending very unsatisfying. (After spending that much time on it)The Ugly ( = horrendous♥♥♥♥♥♥that should not be in the game) :- The combat system. I know it's not supposed to be a combat-oriented game. But I feel the game does not explain the combat system and doesn't have enough visual clues in combat and I find that very hard to accept, for a mechanic that is so punishing. Some basic intro to combat, with the character (your character) saying stuff like ""oh this is dangerous"", ""oh I better do this"". There are certain parts in the game where they used that mechanic. Why not the same for the combat system.On the other hand, killing from stealth seems a bit overpowered. But I feel it needs to be that way in order the compensate for open, full-on combat.- Only auto-saving at the start of the day. No saving during scavenging ok, but I really miss the option to be able to just save during the day. why not give the user more game options : casual (save whenever), seasoned (only at start of day/week), iron-man, ... . It feels strange when a game is a about choices, you give the gamer none about how he/she wants to play the game. A bit strange ... just saying.- Full screen mode / Windowed mode. The windowed mode doesn't work for me because when you move to another screen and back, the game behaves (almost) like you ALT+TAB to it. It minimizes the window (=the game) for some reason, thus negating the benefit of playing in windowed mode. You might as well ALT+TAB in full screen mode, because windowed mode doesn't give you any benefit. It was really annoying for me because I wanted to look stuff up or take notes and this made it impossible for me. It was just too annoying. I just ended up taking notes on a piece of paper. (Which did help me with immersion into the game though :P)Anyway. I hope it's been helpfull. Thank you for reading if you got this far. xDI hope this review will do the game more justice."
,Not Recommended,282070,18436473,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Pythius,The game is very repetitive.
,Recommended,282070,12960285,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[CM]Apophis,"This is an AMAZING game, that gives an interesting view on wars.  It's games like this, that are moving Video Games forward as an art form."
76561198017595732,Not Recommended,282070,21334922,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Poulet,Should have just burned 20 dollars for heat.
76561198120812904,Not Recommended,282070,18430408,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ryadapp ツ,boring and extremely repetitive
,Recommended,282070,23898601,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ThatSoda,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,282070,17150910,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,malcolmmackay224,"This will teach me to research games better before buying them.No documentation and no tutorial. Reading through the intro guides that tell you how to play the game spoils the game. But I have no intention of wasting hours learning what the game considers to be most important.If you like to spend hours tinkering with things this game might interest you. I've got better things to do, give me a real strategy game with rules that I can have fun exploiting."
76561198007217051,Recommended,282070,12993481,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Sabretooth,"NOT BAD FOR WAT IT COSTS I LIKED THE FEEL AND LOOK OF IT THO DNT EXPECT TO HAVE UR HAND HELD WEN U START OFF, AS IT THROWS U INTO THE HARSH REALITIES OF WAR"
76561197970943618,Not Recommended,282070,15299861,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Robot DeNero,This is a strange game that draws you in. It's premise is different than the usual fare - at times frustrating and other times rewarding. The game decides what kind of 'rotten fish' to throw you - raiders break into your house in the night while you're scaveging and steal some of your precious resources and you can't stop it. That's frustrating! But all in all a truly unique angle of a war story. Perhaps it would be good for the souls of those people who play too many COD FPShooters and become the populace trying to simply stay alive.......That was my first review but now I realize this is a POS! You don't get any breaks to survive. Hahahahaha - big joke on us unsuspecting dorks who bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥- WE CAN NEVER SURVIVE EVEN A LITTLE BIT! So how hard is it to develop this gay-me (& I use that word lighty!) so a player has a little glimmer of hope? The game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s you when you get back from a scavenge by proclaiming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s have raided your place & ripped you off of most of your things. NICE!!!! NICE & CHEAP to keep you trying to go ahead. All the creeps outside have guns but you don't have access to any useable ones. NICE AGAIN!!!! You get shot & you can't outrun or outgun your enemy! Wonderful! I guess I'm not perceptive enough to understand the real thinking in this gay-me. Some sort of anti-war protest that takes place in some whirling dirtbag backwater ex-commie country where raw sewage runs down the streets and you couldn't possibly give a poop about any of these whiney ♥♥♥♥♥ characters!. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK YOU THIEVES!DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP! unless you want a world of frustration!
,Not Recommended,282070,13984336,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all, outseeker (au),"Developer needs to pull their finger out and start fixing all the issues! Their ""Forums"" are basically just users talking to users and for $20 one expects much more.Would have recommended this game, but nothing has been fixed in like two months and 0 forum replies from anyone at 11bit. Not worth the price in comparison to all the other titles available on Steam for less."
,Recommended,282070,15333216,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,KEVYNE_KICKLIGHTER,"As a perfectionist it's rare for me to find a game that is rather good after release (not 2+ years later).This War of Mineis one of those games. The morality/ethics of war on civilians makes this game a totally refreshing change in a market full of shooters. If you remember JFK's famous speech about civil service, this game will appeal to you, too.The Good1.Polished well. TWoM is rather polished coming out but 6 months ago. Game breaking stuff seen in games released too early isn't seen in this game. Yes, there are some bugs, but none that will totally bork your experience. At the worst, you'll just have to replay that day again (the game saves one day of life, but you can also manually save the game per ""day""[just copy/paste the savedgames and savedgame.alt files in the Steam\userdata\[Steam ID]\[game number]\remote directory so not to completely play a scenario all over again; or the replay at different days -- very small save files of about 23kb max to save, too]). The only real annoyance I had was at the very beginning playing on an AMD video card, and that was fixed with using the default CCC profile (needs the default AA/AF to view the menus). No CTD. System resource usage is fine. Mechanics operate well (can use some improvements but nothing breaking out of the box).2.You choose your play style based on your own morality/ethics.There are consequences for playing as a thug killing anyone for resources, but there's nothing but mats and time preventing you from playing a Chaotic Evil/Lawful Evil sociopath to survive, either. Likewise in playing Chaotic/Lawful Good styled characters, as the game is built to actually reward you for ""doing the right thing"" (it makes the game feel rewarding despite the grim nature of war on civilians).3.Game is quite fast paced [people are complaining it's TOO fast!].Too busy to play games that require 15hrs of your life a day to ""catch up"" or do anything meaningful? TWoM isn't that game! In about 2hrs you're already 1/4 through a scenario. But don't let the speed of the clock fool you, there's still plenty to do within those 2hrs (plenty!).4.Takes what is good in previous games like Deus Ex; Commandos; and The Sims and incorporates it in one game.The never light cyberpunk moral/ethics of Deus Ex; various playstyles; and it's OMG endings (the game feels like a war zone and you only out in the night); the survival nature of keeping your team and yourself alive one player at a time from Commandos; and the micromanagement of The Sims. If any of those games you loved to play, TWoM is right up your alley.5.Excellent graphics and theme music.As both an artist and musician myself I will give TWoM 5 star ratings for both. Art is simply perfect to reflect the theme of the game and it's grim reality, but not using gore. The violence depicted in TWoM allows your imagination to fill those dark spots, making it also a psychological play, too. The ambience is handled extremely well (all the explosions from artillery; the rat-tatting of automatic rifles...it sounds like a constant war outside). The theme song, after hearing it for 80hrs now, it simply grows on you. Perfect fit for the game, and doesn't bother to hear it loop for hours, too.The Bad1.The game can be too fast paced.If you want to have time to roll those cigs; grow those vegetables; make bandages (e.g., enjoy the trading side of game play) this game won't reward you of that enjoyment. The clock runs very fast, and within one RL gaming night one complete scenario can be finished. So there's very little time to do more than roll some cigs and brew some moonshine. The game has no ""free explore"" time as it's a race to gather enough resources to survive. Wanted badly:This War of Mine: Extendedfor gamers who want The Sims length of micromanagment and the time to do so!2.Scripting can be odd at times.Click sprite menus are in some bad areas of objects. Solo scenario (e.g., Marko) he keeps referring to protecting his team, yet it's a solo run; and you're penalized for group missions because the game doesn't allow you to leave the home during the day. Have to also click hard on the characters to get them to interact with characters (it's not bad, just an annoyance).3.Depressing theme.The game can get depressing for the gamer if their personality is a happy-go-lucky type. If you enjoy bittersweet storytelling (e.g., Asian variety) this game is perfect, but for happier folks it can be soul draining. Be warned this game covers some horrible aspects of war and not for the RL sensitive types (like the one character in this game that is included in some scenerios that is considered ""dead weight"" on the team).Overall, I rate this game a high 5. It accomplished it's goals in showing the RL tragedy of war on civilians, and as a daughter of a WWII survivor from Japan, it rings true of the real life horrors civilians experienced in all-out warfare on them as explained by them. It's not full of the REAL gore and nastiness real war comprises of, but for a video game it comes close to it without being banned for showing too much reality.Simply: Get the game and play it. The price tag is fair for all you will get from this game (e.g., is not overhyped garbage too many games these days have become)."
76561198120703214,Not Recommended,282070,14600104,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Tomppaboii,How do i get the 3d thing off my screen is blue and red??
,Not Recommended,282070,29023911,Posted: 4 January,all,99,"bought cause its a /something in my eye/ nomineeno tear, no difficulty, no plot."
76561198072558970,Not Recommended,282070,15195178,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Pandamonium,"If you want to feel depression, go for it.This isn't so much a game, since it's doesn't bring about enjoyment.It's more a depression generator, which fits, considering its a simulation of war."
,Not Recommended,282070,28741653,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bmenneske,"December 2016, and game still crashes during scavenging :("
76561198132208532,Not Recommended,282070,18388738,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Sir Cumference,"This seems like a good game at first, the graphics were great considering what is happening, but i was kind of turned off when i started the game and, barely knowing what is going on. So developer, enjoy the $8 i payed for this game, because im not recommending this game to anyone until something happens."
,Not Recommended,282070,23841656,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,aglarond_sk,"the game itself is well made, story is good, it has strong feeling of the war and survivaland then after hours of gameplay someone kills my character and I can start againand then again after hours of gameplay someone just kills me and I can start overno save and loadno tutorial, no way how to learn what to do in dangerous situation, I can just die and wonder what could I do to avoid itvery frustrating experienceI don't need to play a game to learn that in a war I can die almost randomly"
76561198071760031,Recommended,282070,32621380,Posted: 21 June,all,AmericanJohnny,"i didnt think i would like it... but i was wrong, its a GREAT GAME1. you can resize your screen to adjust frames per second if needed2. escape button in game brings up settings so you can turn down graphics if needed3. the game right now is playable, and im sure more things will be added later4. i was able to rob the elderly and they told me to stop but i did it anyways5. you get 3 random players to move and do things, its like the sims in a way6. the game reminds me of the sims/ fall out shelter/ and probably some other games7. this is not a easy survival simulator. if your looking for a challenge then this game is for you8. you can get shot if you take things that isnt yours and the people are home when you rob them9. sometimes a random guy will knock at your door and sell you things10. always a dark atmosphere in game, if your gothic or into blood drinking... this game is for you.. p.s: im not gothicand i think its a good purchse for the $4 i bought it for. i wouldnt buy it for $20 as suggested. thank you developers for the caring package. you didnt ask too much. will buy from your company again"
,Recommended,282070,21138837,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Ki11s0n3,This game reminds me a lot of The Last of Us. From its Music to its Look and feel. Except in this game you take the role of a civilian trying to survive. Even though this game has you in a middle of a war instead of an outbreak it still makes you feel like you're in a post apocalyptic world.It's a challenging game. Especially when you have to decide to let people join you or turn them away and when you have to defend yourself and rations your supplies.I highly recommend it. Especially the DLC. Even though it doesn't give much you are still supporting charity.
,Not Recommended,282070,18876993,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,egoBorder,"This game has the weirdest difficulty curve I've seen, going from hard to deceptively easy and back to impossible.  You'll spend an hour or so learning to play.  Then you'll get really excited because you'll think that you know what you're doing.  Then you'll realize that the odds are totally stacked against you.  But the worst part is not the difficulty, but simply that you will hate the characters so much you will wish you could set the house on fire.It really isn't that the game is so terribly balanced, because there is that aesthetic out there where people wanna punish you for playing their games.  What begins with you trying to keep these people alive, trying to read their reactions to manage their delicate psyches, will end with you frustrated at every turn by their moping and complaining.It's simply too hard to ever scavenge enough supplies to satisfy every need, even for one day.  As a result you never, EVER get ahead, you're just constantly catching up.  It would have been more interesting to let you luck into abundance, then make you a bigger target for raids.  Maybe even defend your home every once in a while?If you like a lot of repetition you won't mind this, but otherwise stay away."
76561198319682838,Not Recommended,282070,30301546,Posted: 3 March,all,☭ м є є ρ ☭,"I found this game boring, but if you are like me and dont really like games like the sims then you shouldn't buy this game. But if you do like the sims get this game because it feels like that but alot darker."
,Not Recommended,282070,29019527,Posted: 4 January,all,dalekdrummer,Pretty Boring
76561198156580255,Not Recommended,282070,19804725,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,firebaddy,now if you are reading this because you wanna buy the game you should buy it because it is a GREAT game BUT I have no idea what computer you use but I know if its a window 8.1 like mine you may get a bit p****d of  coz on mine it keeps crashing and not saving and usualy at time's I need it to worck the most.this is usualy how well it works ON MY LAPTOP!!!!!!1. skip to night2. scavenge3. find really cool item4. PC crashes5. SUPER SAIYEN RAGE GOD TIMES 10 SUPER RAGEbut otherwise GREAT game
,Not Recommended,282070,25515016,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,RamGrabber69,Kinda Boring
,Recommended,282070,25460609,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,I Want To Die,I beated 4 soldiers with a shovel.One even begged me to stop.11/10 would beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a soldier again
76561198091380710,Not Recommended,282070,25476954,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,alwayswannafarm,"single player game is boring. and i can never make it more than 12 days without losing a team member. ive tried 4-5 times with different combinations. most of the characters are so bad at killing. game pace is slow, which makes me drowsy."
76561198007171515,Not Recommended,282070,17345388,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,stabiker4130,"this game ♥♥♥♥ing blows.dont let reviews fool you.if you want a boring game with an ok story line at best buy this.also i add that this game is soooooooo ♥♥♥♥ing lame dont let charity and nonsense fool you into thinking this game is some kind of breakthrough... its ♥♥♥♥ing lame.it almost makes me sick how many good reviews this game got...have they even played it? because if they have and still think its good im glad your opinion stops at this game because you're a sheep with the iq of a fruit. perhaps a coconut, because this game sucks and theres nothing saving it."
76561198128466702,Recommended,282070,24313278,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Retrograde Sinopessen,One of the most entertaining games (for me) since a long time. I hope for a TWOM 2 meantime i will play this at least 50 hours.
76561198167270982,Recommended,282070,25418522,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Clockwork_Apple,Wars are Cruel : [
76561197979472598,Not Recommended,282070,33552104,Posted: 14 July,all,Meowschwitz [OG],Would probably be a great game if it did not crash every 15 seconds.
,Recommended,282070,25453523,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Copypastarino,blah blah blah *something good*blah blah blah *something bad*blah blag blah *overall good*5/7
,Not Recommended,282070,29322686,Posted: 17 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,"atmospheric, but the controls are clunky as all ♥♥♥♥, and thy foolish survivors seem never do what you want, like ever.you'd be better of making some kind of custom mission in ARMA 3 where you have to scavage for food and such in a war zone.But it is atmospheric... atleast.3/6 A little underwhelming"
,Not Recommended,282070,29353662,Posted: 19 January,all,TheLegend27,I bought this game because of the percentage of positive reviews but it turned out to be a disappointment. I honestly do not know what people see in this game. It is boring and there is never enough food. Plus you can only have like 4 people in your huge♥♥♥♥♥house at once. Why ?
,Not Recommended,282070,23891010,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,el grande steve,"The game has wonderful graphics. However, the gameplay was just too slow for me. It may just be my 0.000001 second attention span, but I got bored within the first 10 minutes of playing."
,Recommended,282070,32598975,Posted: 20 June,all,Ivo,Great game !
,Recommended,282070,12944041,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,RootPew,"Extremely depressing, brilliantly executed game.In terms of atmosphere, the game world is a foreboding, gritty construction piece - and it lends itself to building a true atmosphere of the hardships faced by civilians during war time. Uniquely however, the game itself does not build its atmosphere with pre-constructed set pieces or otherwise; it instead, simply creates a sandbox environment for you, in which you carve your own story. In speaking, ""This War of Mine"" guides the player towards making their own choices; and suffer the consequences of them.The game world is unforgiving; if you steal medical supplies from the elderly, you may return to their household later in time, to find them dead. Your character will experience traits of depression, and blame themselves. Other characters in your own household will form their own opinions on your crimes; and typically, it all boils down to a case of ""it was them, or us"". While you may feel remorse for your actions, this feeling can quickly be removed by having your own stronghold raided - and seeing your own medicine stolen while you have a sickly team mate is an equally bitter pill to swallow, in knowing that the most reliable method of ensuring your team mate lives through his illness, is to return back to the wilderness to scavenge (read: steal) medicine from wherever holds the least risk.The art style and graphical fidelity contained within This War of Mine, is of an unusually high standard for an indie release. It does not attempt to go for a ""timeless"" look with cartoon-like, or niche graphical styles (bar a small pencil-shaded effect); instead, it strongly holds itself up against the expectations set by modern games on the marketplace, delivering a well-crafted, aesthetically pleasing (albeit quite depressing) design.In terms of gameplay, everything is where it should be. Better support for keyboard movement would be appreciated for camera panning; but outside of that, it's your typical mouse-controlled side scroller type controls. Nothing to break, nothing to fix. You'll spend a great deal of your time planning out your next actions, rather than diving straight in and hoping for the best; at least, if you want to survive more than a few minutes. This War of Mine is slow paced, and rightly so; it's a large step away from the high octane, modern war games as of late.One unique feature which I've come to love is the fact that the storyline is procedurally generated; as in, your unique characters will craft their own unique storylines, based on the actions carried out by the you as the player. They'll write in their diaries, and try to justify their actions to themselves; leading to a broad, unique experience and storyline on each playthrough.A great deal of respect can be offered to the developers themselves, for avoiding the ""early access"" route, as many survival/crafting type games have taken to date. Instead, This War of Mine delivers the full experience from the get-go; and it's not an experience to be missed."
76561198317497974,Not Recommended,282070,29754705,Posted: 6 February,all,wrightduncan8,Just not my kind of game and also crashed about every 25 to 30 minutes for me.
76561198029364352,Recommended,282070,19320038,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Anna,Very right point of view. And good crafting/stealth/survival game also. Highly reccomended.
76561197973091916,Recommended,282070,26552869,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dendrazzik,awesoime
,Not Recommended,282070,28843376,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Where are your dark gods now?!,"Give me back my money, it Wont even ♥♥♥♥ING LAUNCH."
,Recommended,282070,16485189,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,.҉  Reme✧,I Cry everytiem :(
76561198022247983,Recommended,282070,13688005,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mogg,"I have not play for long, but know well enough this game deserves a mention. A side on, survival-ish game set in a war. Now, While I admire this game, it does have a few issues I personally find abnoxious.I'll start with those, and then will share what I like about it.-Characters you play seem to have never stolen anything at all from anyone, ever during the war. This is reflected in how unhappy and whiney they become caring more about the people they have taken from than their own wellbeing.-Characters you play are too softhearted. Just use the example with the point above.-Characters are expert carfters for being just average people. How many average people know how to pick locks, make servicable firearms and make alcoholic beverages? Well these three certain are capable of all three and more. For that matter, they all can do everything, but have one special skill they are the better at than the rest.-You get to only visit one building per night. This is bad since if you chose a building with other survivors in it, you will either need to steal from them to get supplies and be faced with a lot of unhappy complaining, or return home with nothing.-Visting other survivors, you cannot negotiate with them let alone talk to them. What you can do is beat them to death (or kill them with whatever weapon you happen to have on you at the time). I don't see how this was a good design choice at all when the characters you play are not personally that sort of people. Attacking other survivors is certain to cause problems with your characters.-You can not relocate from your starting place. What you start with is your base of operations.-Raids happen frequently to you only. You will never kill raiders, only chase them off and this happens behind the scenes, out of your control, while your character is out scavanging.-You can not sleep in shifts. If a person sleeps, they sleep the whole night.-Rediculous resource requirements. Some things require far too much, while others require far too little.-There is little to none interaction between your characters. No idle chatter between them.Now for the good points.-You play 3 characters to begin with, each having one specialty. They somewhat have different personalities.-The art style appeals to me.-Characters are well animated. Different staes of tiredness, different things they do when unhappy or when they have nothing else to do.-The overall idea, even though it isn't implemented well enough.-Building your shelter from ground up.-Forgaing and stealth play.So while i find some issues with this game's design, if you ignore the lack of realism and consider this to be just a game with a very narrow play style, it is quite fine. It has a certain atmosphere you generally don't find elsewhere. I still recommend to give it a try."
,Recommended,282070,27717016,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,loshun,cutest anime dogs 2016 steam awards
76561198067723279,Not Recommended,282070,31996885,Posted: 27 May,all,Schuemao,"Well... the game is great. It's addicting and sad at the same time. ... but since I am not able to start the game for half a year with the support not being really helpful, i cannot say if I recommend this game"
76561198066947175,Not Recommended,282070,32267611,Posted: 8 June,all,Gaithixa Gaity,"This game have a very good history but the gameplay is very repetive.You always have to out of your house, stolen and back, build.Here the game appear beautiful,but it isn't real."
,Recommended,282070,13021503,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Theonemanny,GG no re
76561198122613436,Not Recommended,282070,35247800,Posted: 27 September,all,Cpt. Rice,"As good as the review scores you might have seen on the internet are, This War of Mine is a repetitive, bland, glorified piece of trash with a beautiful art style."
76561198030546365,Not Recommended,282070,26466252,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Eisenfell,PC Game without keyboard Functions.i dont need/want only Edge scorling on a PC title.
,Recommended,282070,32617092,Posted: 21 June,all,A H A,"The ""Donald Trump Future Presidency Simulator"""
,Not Recommended,282070,33442568,Posted: 10 July,all,Snus,"This is a great game showing how war brings out the worst and the best in humans. But it's so depressing and disgusting. Seriously, you will hate yourself for the things you have to do in This War of Mine to survive. And there's enough grief and suffering in the world today even without this game."
,Not Recommended,282070,25170453,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Penta,"This War of MinePositives• Unique way scavenging works with your view• Decent art style and design• Characters have different strengths and weaknesses that can help and hurt you• Many things you have to monitor and take into account each day such as comfort, hunger, health, temperature• Customizable stories which allow you to change difficulty• Very small community for modding and mapping• Fair and balanced loot, trading and resource system• Decent crafting system with many options of resources• Great in the sense of survival• Unique theme of surviving a war rather than fighting in it• Benefits a war child charityNegatives• Lack of graphical options and gameplay options• Frames per second was locked at my native refresh rate• Ran poorly on my second computer despite the lack of intense graphics• I lost progress many times due to the fact there is no save button• Achievements require DLC and are not very organized to begin with• There is very little replay value• Very slow progression• I had to avoid combat because the system doesn't work that well• Some characters are almost useless• Multiple times, I have been raided and lost items when I have boarded up, had weapons and had guards• The game can be very unforgiving at times• Repetitive and boring musicFinal Thoughts:For an indie title the game is not bad. I feel like they tried to make the game bigger but it fell short. There is some replay value but, the game isn't exciting enough to play it again. The community is very small and could be bigger if the game had more content. The 2D style is very nice and has nice feel to it. It is not as emotional as I thought it would and is not a story driven game, but rather you make the story. The gameplay is quite uneventful but is only worth one playthrough. It is very challenging but not very fun since most of the game is about crafting, looting and dealing with survival. I unfortunately cannot recommend this game because it lacks depth and immersion, otherwise it is a decent indie title that could be better with more content.Rating: 6.4/10-Penta"
76561198104603861,Recommended,282070,30648031,Posted: 21 March,all,leibuk,dcfgvhbbgvgfcdxddfgv
76561197966661634,Recommended,282070,13002585,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,kingofblahs,"Calling this game a recommendation is a bit light.  This game is something that every single person must play at some point, because it strikes at the core of reality in a situation that you could be in someday (Look at Detroit, anyone see that coming 50 years ago?).This has been a bad, bad month of games for me. Without going too far off subject, let's just say buying this game was the last thing on my mind when looking at this game.  I largely ignored it until curiously I looked at the reviews.  When I read everyone elses' reviews, I started to notice that people were getting a very different impression of this game than the typical ""This game sucks, WoW/LoL/Civ/Etc clone, or ""OMGZ this game roxz my boxz.""This game left a deep impression on the hearts of people, almost as if it is scarring.  And, that is exactly what this game is.  This game will test your morals like no other, because your characters display feelings that you can relate to.  When a character is badly hurt, they will essentially beg for some rest and even try to sneak off, slumping around in apparent agonizing pain.  Hunger, sickness, and death ar eeverywhere, and the game throws you absolutely no bones.This game pulls at your heartstrings in a multitude of ways, with lots of very difficult decisions, both strategic and moral.   It is so weighty, yet the immersion is so great that you want to keep playing into it despite how ruthless it gets."
,Recommended,282070,20529660,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,goblin,"Fantastic game.The art style, music and animation comes together to create a unique atmosphere that goes well with the theme of a wartorn city. Easy to get into, but the choices you make can have serious consequences. Time will fly playing this."
,Not Recommended,282070,23803437,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Scratchasaurus,"Bad conveyance of game rules, have to experiment to find out anything, AI behaviour is nonsensical, combat is silly, needlessly slow paced at times with no way to speed things up, needlessly fast paced at other times, inventory system is about as bad as it is possible to get.In short, amateurish game design makes a game that could be great into a complete mess that is aggrevating to play."
,Not Recommended,282070,23866783,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,grizzlebizzle,Does not work on Linux. I get the menu but nothing beyond that.
,Not Recommended,282070,17668960,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,SaltySkramz,This game tries so hard to be edgy and dark that it forgets to be fun or even engaging.
76561198026854739,Not Recommended,282070,24493664,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,spadge,meh
76561198351252467,Not Recommended,282070,29130206,Posted: 8 January,all,CarlmondZ,USTBAD
76561198152497095,Not Recommended,282070,25448818,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Torgi2012,"As much as I think that this game is enjoyable, in the space of an hour I had trouble getting the game to launch, then two blue screens when I started playing, and then another crash."
,Not Recommended,282070,21946959,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Beholster,completely unplayable. Constant crashes and freezes
,Not Recommended,282070,33082213,Posted: 1 July,all,Zakkintosh,Not sure what I expected
,Not Recommended,282070,25474379,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,That One Guy,"The game was interesting at first, but ever sinse I closed it, when I try reopenning the game, it freezes at a black screen, refusing to let me play anymore. I can easily play other games, so I'm just gonna uninstall and consider this game $14 that was just a total waste of time, space and money."
,Not Recommended,282070,17307719,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Payya,Stop looking for a reason not to get this game and get this game. It's awesome and will kick you in the feels.
76561198068662195,Not Recommended,282070,14600505,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,JustR,"If you want a game, that employs you, is that game a game for you. If you want a game, that you will play more than 24 h, better dont buy it."
76561198145873150,Recommended,282070,25427067,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Lorc,.
,Not Recommended,282070,33788417,Posted: 25 July,all,the_sadone,"LOT OF BUGSIf you're playing it with some (1-2) mods installed, get ready to the game sometimes crash right in the middle of the fighting enemy.Sometimes, even if you're playing it100% pure without any mods.Too many actions to do to report a bug.I think that this game DOESN'T cost that much"
76561197971465658,Not Recommended,282070,23784392,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gray Fox,"This game didn't gave me the immersion that I expected; an axpect that I didn't like at all and that broke the immersion has been the amount of time spent to produce exhaustible goods instead of upgrading the house, which means no progress (in a positive way) throughout the game.The controls with the Xbox 360 joypad are not precise and a little bit frustrating, especially when you have to walk instead of running or when you have to go up and down using the stairs between the floors.I probably did not understand some of the game mechanics and perhaps I will give him another chance starting a new game for the fourth time..maybe."
76561198093592161,Not Recommended,282070,27897442,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,db_smooth,"Had to refund, cant seem to control or interact with the characters in anyway, was locked in the house all doors were locked.Character would say they could open it with there tools but i couldent find any type of action menu or invintory system to do so.I got bored watching them sit in there chairs and stand around, i have better things to do with my time"
76561198357846719,Not Recommended,282070,35095670,Posted: 20 September,all,dm_thu,Don't autosync using steam! Or you'll want to die when you find you can not modify the record to get back to the former day!
76561197995006753,Not Recommended,282070,32726558,Posted: 24 June,all,Cuirassier♞,"♥♥♥♥♥game, typical indie hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...got to day 3 and my workbench is gone, which is key to progress in game, iam gonna restart? no..."
,Recommended,282070,32644977,Posted: 22 June,all,Cryptic_Mouse,spicy meme 10/10
76561198124722966,Not Recommended,282070,28176317,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TheYcAlLmeWJY1126,Play it a little bit.It's boring at all!
,Recommended,282070,17350761,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"I've been playing This War of Mine recently.It's a cross between The Sims and a survival game.It shows the other side of war - the civilians caught in the conflict. It's full of atrocities and difficult decisions.It's indirectly controlled via the mouse cursor, similar to The Sims, with lots of icon clicking (not my preferred control method but I'm enjoying the game none the less).Also if you mess up you can't just load an earlier save. Your characters will become depressed when their friends die or if you steal from innocents (or murder them).It's a great singleplayer game that should last at least a couple of weeks and it's rated 10/10 on Steam​.Also, it's 50% off for the next 24hrs!"
,Not Recommended,282070,30010592,Posted: 18 February,all,efcuS,boring
,Not Recommended,282070,13721450,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,nautzz,"The concept is really great, but the execution is pretty wishy washy. The gameplay is repetitive, controls are quite frankly awful. You do an incredible amount of waiting where literally nothing happens, it's filled with immersion breaking little annoyances, for example crowbars and the like breaking. You'd have to put in some incredible effort to break a crowbar.And the story is not good enough to overlook all of these flaws. It's just way too formulaic, and at the end of they day the quality of the writing is not good enough to make up for the fact that I've seen all this before. And there is nearly no dialouge. You'd think that in a game that wants you to care for it's characters that there would be dialogue, but unfortunately not. If it's on sale for 7 euros or less it might be worth it.If you're not very good at games and stories like this are quite new to you, then check it out. But for everyone who's played a lot of games, and read, watched & played a lot of depressing stuff this is nothing new. This novel combination of Sim-like gameplay, combat, stealth, and depressing warzone story may be new, but originality does not equal quality. If you're looking to cry yourself to sleep in the near future, go somewhere else."
76561198007548867,Not Recommended,282070,23539543,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,jarkoarenal,The game doesn't work. Crash all time
76561198382261372,Recommended,282070,32702096,Posted: 23 June,all,"Heather,kettle,games,",AMAZING
,Recommended,282070,18394111,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"It's a decent enough survival management type game, but boy is it overhyped by its fanboys.It plays a lot like some of the old flash games like The Last Stand. You have survivors who you give weapons and equipment, you manage their sleep, food, and so on while scavanging and upgrading, trading or stealing from others and trying to survive.Best to get it in a sale. If you get it at full price you'll feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,282070,21043717,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Corrosion,"(Played offline - time doesn't reflect actual time played)This could've been a lot better in my opinion. It was a good game but it didn't hook me at all and it was a little too ""laid back"" for me. I felt like I was getting nowhere with anything and it honestly it was too much point, click, wait, repeat.Gets old real quick."
76561198028097478,Not Recommended,282070,28382696,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jan3sobieski,"No offense, but this is stupid.Started a random scenario... father with a girl child. second day in we get raided, child gets depressed, can't use any reaction. ok... third day, father goes out to scavange, comes back, got raided, child more depressed, no reaction.. spend 6 more days staying home with the child to get it going.. each night we get raided...both father and child leave. This is bad design.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥straight ♥♥♥♥♥♥os. I like your game but this is too much."
76561198010969228,Not Recommended,282070,14410668,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Jeffrey_Bagels,"It's a nicely put together game. Good RPG/resoucre collection/ maintainence elements. I totally understand why this game has such good reviews, but for me there's just really no replayability. After finishing one campaign you retty much have experianced all the game has to offer. Great concept, nice execution, but just no replayability."
76561197967571390,Not Recommended,282070,24956988,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,spellshaper,For years they werent able to fix simple bug that prevents the game to be played on touch devices. I will never buy more games from this dev after such poor support.
76561198219939571,Not Recommended,282070,25465878,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Papa Ganoush,"Really, really, really wanted to play this game, but I can't even start it."
76561198044188225,Not Recommended,282070,23933520,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TimedChief1,"This game is absolutely unforgiving, still haven't beat it. Everything can be fine one day and go horrible the next. The gameplay is very unique but the game itself is frustratingly difficult"
,Not Recommended,282070,15102101,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,hitt.william,"I didn't find much to like here.  Yes, the game does a nice job of expressing bleakness, but I found State of Decay and the mobile/online title Rebuild to be much better at this core gameplay (scavenging/base building)."
76561197994060371,Not Recommended,282070,28876690,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,rob_every05,"SorryTried it for a few hours earlier, very over-rated, altogether unclear what on earth is going on or what you are supposed to do.Looks beautiful, feels lovely and a great idea, but the gameplay was rather hard to grasp, understand and know what you are supposed to be doing, all I did was get rid of rubble, collect stuff and not a lot else the few times I played it. Oh and not unlock locks that my player said I could unlock with tools!  How do I make them? Where is the help?And I deleted it within an hour. Waste of a couple of quid I am afraid.Not for everyone sadly."
76561198232209448,Not Recommended,282070,20054326,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Shammy,"I wish there was a middle ground choice. I played the game for about 176 hours, There's no more content of value now.During those 170 odd hours I did enjoy the game, there are lots of things to learn and explore, I WAS entertained.However, unless they allow us to actually mod the characters and make REAL senarios the game is now stale.I dislike giving this game a negative, but I must."
76561198088477302,Not Recommended,282070,28262798,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,This be ken,"I was playing this amazing game and then the worse thing that could happen, happened I spilled my cearl playing this amazing game. 9/11 would commit it again for my cearl"
,Not Recommended,282070,16936821,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,grantmcelwain47,nop
76561198003479518,Not Recommended,282070,24436664,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,EnterTheHatrix,"Really overhyped for being little more than a fallout shelters-esque.  Build up your house, move your people around to perform monotonous tasks and send them out to scavenge.Pros: Visuals are nice, really why it's hyped?Cons: Gameplay is shallow, pseudo stealth survival that doesn't really make you feel bad about how you survive.Crappy auto-save system that wont remember anything you do leading up to a night but will insta-autosave if you screw up and get someone killed making it feel like a crap roguelike.Not really challenging or fun, the grey monotone pallet suits the emotion this game really evokes: bland.  Don't waste your money if it isn't on steep sale."
76561198215019496,Not Recommended,282070,18434234,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,JustJack6,"♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ it hard right in the melancholy. This is the bleakest thing I've ever experienced. Three days in, I'm just starting to get on my feet but everyone is tired so I put two of them to bed for the night, they deserve it after spending all day furnishing their lovely home. I send the third guy out to get groceries (or scavenge, whatever) unfortunately he has a bizarre concept of time, or rather this game does. Days go by in minutes which is the complete opposite of how time seem to flow while playing it. I get that it has to go quicker than real-time but it's maddening how quick it goes by in this, thus nameless-third-guy got caught out in the daylight, I don't know what happened to him. It's at this point I gave up.On top of my sad story there I can't play this game for♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game doesn't tell you what anything is or how to do anything, you just have to figure it all out on ya todd. Some of it's not so hard but there's an awful lot of ♥♥♥♥ing miniature text in this game. What is it with modern games and insanely small writing?! I'd have better chance reading braille!At the start of this game you are literally thrown into a huge but empty house with three people who like to complain a lot. You then search through rubble for 30 seconds and suddenly it's night time. A menu gets thrown in your face asking you what you'd like to bring on your little scavenger hunt which is weird because nothing you have is usable for anything except taking up space in your backpack. Maybe you can use stuff in game, I don't know because this game is the least intuitive thing I've ever laid eyes upon. I wish this game would give you some idea of what stuff is or what or what to do. Seriously, just a brief menu in the options that very quickly goes through the various menus and tells you how the game actually works would do wonders. Maybe then I could enjoy this game instead of feeling like an idiot all the time. And maybe I am just an idiot but strangely enough I don't know how to survive in an impoverished war torn country, I guess I've lived a sheltered life.I mentioned in a previous review that some games just aren't a persons cup of tea and that's fine, it's not worth ♥♥♥♥♥ing about and putting a game down for. This is a good example of that mostly, this type of game probably just isn't for me and because I hate it I'm whining about it. However I believe this game has some legitimate issues, namely the tiny text and lack of any information about the mechanics.  Steam really needs to get a star rating system for reviews and maybe a minimum play time requirement to be able to post them. I don't want to give it a straight up negative review because there is still some good but given that I only have two choices, thanks to Steam, I'm gonna have to Not Recommend this. If you can, play it before you buy it. If you don't have a 50"" 1080p tv don't bother, you won't be able to read much."
,Recommended,282070,22844663,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sentinel,"Where to start? Lets start at the darkness of this game, the art style is perfect for this game, the grittyness, the murder all made better by the Sketched art style. You are a group of survivers in one of the many wars our planet has been through and you have to survive by gathering food and other supplies such as wood for the fire to keep you warm at night, we will get to the night in a bit. At night time things get darker you can choose one person to go out and get supplies whilst the others sleep or guard the house, yes, you can get raided and its horrible. You can choose from many places to go and some are blocked by the weather, so in the winter there are thing such as snowstorms blocking a certainb are of the map.But i did a horrible thing just the day before the war ended which seems pointless because we didnt use the supplies.what i did was got to a old couples house and steal all there food and medicen, then i killed his wife which was the darkest thing i had done in this game and i had done alot.BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,282070,28067752,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FireFly,Fun concept terrible gameplay
,Recommended,282070,12940994,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,JaLLy,Punched an old dude in the face cause I wanted the food in his house and now I feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥Started playing again after the Anniversary Update and I still feel the same after visiting the old folks.
,Not Recommended,282070,23074441,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Akka,"Game should have been called ""This bore chore of mine""I can hardly carry anything at all from my nightly outings. Add to that the scarcity of food (and ultimately the necessity to kill others to stay alive) and you got a recipie for frustration."
,Not Recommended,282070,22824776,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,merhabi,Become depressive and die simulator.
,Not Recommended,282070,18375354,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Air Knight,no
76561198056906161,Not Recommended,282070,29302488,Posted: 16 January,all,Gattobuono,"Misery Simulator.If you've never suffered hardships or been miserable, and want an insight into what it's like, then this is the game for you.If, on the other hand, you play games to have fun, lift you up, or feel a sense of positive achievement, then avoid this dismal, depressing product."
,Not Recommended,282070,32739717,Posted: 24 June,all,shutupandance,"Brilliant concept, but I can't recommend a game that doesn't allow you to save your progress —it's just appalling to lose your characters while still trying to understand the mechanics. Wrong."
,Not Recommended,282070,25440636,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,HaloGAMER0329,"Was fun at first, but quickly gets boring and by then it was too late to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,282070,30688177,Posted: 23 March,all,Aaron PDX,Not a game. Depression simulator. Uncharitable and unrealistic view of humanity; dark and depressing without any counterbalancing upside.
,Not Recommended,282070,25474029,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Pandur,"Okay so this game is 100% for some people and they love it, like really love it. Personally, the only apsect of this game I enjoyed was the art style. you're meant to survive for perhaps 40 days and the game gives you (in my case) 2 locations with enough food to last a solid evening and light brunch, the garden I built wasn't able to grow anything edible unless you count chewing tobacco as nutritious for some reason.Basically this game doesn't seem finished and ulitmately not enjoyable for me what so ever, the rate of resource accrual is just appalling, you can send someone out every night and it still isn't enough to sustain yourself, but I mean maybe I just didn't pay attention in the tutorial. Oh? what? no tutorials? fair enough its not like this game is overly complex and you can get stuck trying to run down stairs for 3 minutes...I don't think this game was meant for pc, or maybe its not meant to be played in general, but I didn't like it what so ever and I hope to whatever god neglected to help this dev team that I can get a refund."
,Not Recommended,282070,25913570,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jaqk,bad
76561198009684679,Not Recommended,282070,14977939,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Auron,"The game is interesting for about 45 minutes. Definitely not worth the price, $2.99 is probably an OK price for this game. Once you figure out the game mechanics there really is no other reason to play the game. There is no deep story or character development. Even getting enough supplies to survive is not difficult."
76561198124394677,Recommended,282070,31031197,Posted: 8 April,all,Donald Trump,Fake News.
,Not Recommended,282070,20020516,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Victor Aurélio,"From a FPS player, don't buy this game!!"
76561198119913257,Not Recommended,282070,23833131,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,logoslee,"Good,but the type size is sooooooooooooooooo small.My eyes are blinding."
,Not Recommended,282070,28171304,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nietzschan,dude war is hell lmaodude ♥♥♥♥ war lmaodude killing is bad lmaooh no boris is feeling down :(oh no pavle slept poorly :(press F to feel :(guys i am literally depressed right now :(pro tip: when you start a new game DO NOT put any women in your group because they are useless
,Not Recommended,282070,23373554,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Maximum Carnage,"I know this game is very positive in it's reviews but unfortunately I think it's an awful ""game"" as the experience is into a dark, bleak world that I doubt anyone would say is entertainment. The visuals are fantastic but watching your survivors unravel so quickly isn't what I would call remotely fun.Truth be told I'd rather watch a documentary on this type of subject matter than play a game of it."
76561198113968031,Not Recommended,282070,14096179,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,♕ BarmitzvaSteve,"I think this is a great game with great features in it. But it´s really boring after about half an hour, nothing happens you´re like doing the same thing over and over again. But if you like strategy survivalish games this is a great game for you."
76561198322295786,Not Recommended,282070,30489970,Posted: 13 March,all,menno102,It quickly bored me.
,Not Recommended,282070,31985961,Posted: 26 May,all,jianny14,the gameplay wasnt interesting enough to keep me hooked as i quickly stop playing it and more than half of my playtime is my brother playing the game
,Not Recommended,282070,23390854,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,No money no honey,"A bit too slow paced for me. Even if you liked survival games, i'm sure there are better alternatives.It is hard and requires patience, you really have to immerse yourself into the game to enjoy it. Me on the other hand, i just wanted to slaughter people for food, but they all had guns and so my character ended up committing suicide :(The game is defnitely really realistic though and if you're into an experience like this, go for itReview: 6/10"
76561197967723609,Not Recommended,282070,14341285,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,=FU= TC,"I really don't see the appeal of this game.It's art style is fine and suits the setting, but that is about it.The game forces you to make very questionable decisions you do not want to by offering no alternatives and then punishes you for them.A very quick rundown of my longest game:Spawned into a war. Resources of any kind are in short supply. Sent my guys out to scavenge, food runs out anyway. Only choice is rob someone or starve to death. No real option there, so I rob someone and in the process are forced to kill. All characters get sad and within a few days become pretty much useless. One leaves and robs me of my last food, another one dies from an enemy raid at night and the last one starves to death.I'm sorry, this does not touch me on any level other than wishing I had done something else with the 20 Euro I spent on this thing."
,Not Recommended,282070,14839628,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Comr4de,"Overhyped in the extreme.Interesting game mechanics, but very poorly explained ingame.I personally didn't enjoy it."
76561198039925664,Not Recommended,282070,33099562,Posted: 1 July,all,ILLITERATE,"This game is proof that you can't always trust the ""overwhelmingly positive"" indicator in the review sections of Steam. ""This War Of Mine"" has an interesting concept; a war from the perspective of an impoverished survivor of a bloody massacre and you're just trying to survive day to day; but this just ends up being a case of where you feel like you're merely ""playing babysitter"" to the characters.They're constantly WHINING about wanting to eat, needing tools/supplies/meds, fussing about wanting to play a game or sleep in a bed versus on the floor; I could go on and on. I imagine this is what it feels like to be the parent of an extremely needy toddler; not having one second of sanity or quiet so you can get things done.The pace of the game is PAINFULLY slow. The story moves forward with the speed of a slug on downers. Sorry, but I need SOME sort of action in a game. I mean, who really wants to have their character spend an entire in game day digging through rubble instead of doing something else? Not me.Other than the cool and unique graphics, this game is a BIG thumbs down. Do not trust the reviews, folks."
,Not Recommended,282070,14595491,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Joe Of Spades,"Does not work, when I open it the screen goes grey for a few seconds then start alternating Bright colours?!"
,Not Recommended,282070,15085977,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,nauith,"Many have played this, then reflected ""Maybe games don't need to be fun""... but I think maybe they do..."
76561198024837070,Not Recommended,282070,28106798,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Minitoet,This game was actually awful and incredibly boring. The first game I have ever refunded.
76561198046818032,Not Recommended,282070,29170391,Posted: 10 January,all,CanadianAstronaut,"I played this game and enjoyed many of the feel and aspects of it. One night however it caused my Macbook Pro to crash unexpectedly. Whatever happened to it caused it to require a hard reset and time machine backup in order to be restored. It almost caused that to also not work. It was a real conundrum to get my 2000$ computer working again as a few Mac experts I had look it over had said it had done some damage to the hard drive itself.I am too scared to reinstall or load up this game now. Be wary no matter what operating system you have, as I doubt this is an isolated case."
,Not Recommended,282070,23751859,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jouki in Rage,"I really wanted to try this game but before I can post regular review of this game developers must fix some of major issues. I've got two really annoying problems with games witch makes it unplayable right now with these circumstances. First of all over-year old bug the game crashes when you tab out from the game. It's really uncomfortable when you can not ALT-TAB from the game and if you do the game surely crash.And the second one is you can't set any controls to keyboard which is again for someone truly restrictive thing. In particular moving the map with WSAD or Arrows. Almost every single game that has something like map or anthing you can move around (even the fallout 4 perks) can be moved by arrows but TWoM and as I was looking on forum I'm not the only one so far.Once more again It's not a review of game, it's a critisism of technical side of the gameIf developers would be interested to solve these issues I'd like to let them contact me."
76561198067902121,Not Recommended,282070,18374019,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Yung Lettuce,I paid £5.99 for a cutscene.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198030754781,Not Recommended,282070,34526092,Posted: 27 August,all,shames,"Game? What game?How in all the blue blazes can somebody be jaded enough to call something a game, in which your only activity it is to watch your non-combatant player characters rot away in a civil war?!?And in case you wonder, yes, there are also children,"
76561198254486802,Not Recommended,282070,32777449,Posted: 25 June,all,Polski_Sentinal_,"This game was and still is beautiful, atmospheric etc. and i love playing it. I payed $4 for this game, but it was no where near worth it. I played this game for about 15 hours, then it completely bugged and stopped working. I would get stuck on loading screens, get fatal errors and have to debug it for countless hours without any resolution. I'd like to give it a better review but I don't even know what in the hell is going on with this game i've bought. The worst part is that it starts breaking and bugging out when i have over 2 hours on it, disabling any chance for a refund. Now im stuck with a pointless broken game and $4 down the drain."
,Not Recommended,282070,35460155,Posted: 3 October,all,[ITF]๖ۣۜiSniperWolf™,"i would've Enjoyed this game... If it wouldn't crash everytime i send someone and after he comes back and crashes, and i repeat everything from the start"
76561198010218764,Not Recommended,282070,13943147,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,WoefulTeacher,"I am not sure why there is critical acclaim for this game. Whilst this game might look pretty enough it is repetitive and lacks depth. One suspects that the positivity for this game stems from its originality in terms of subject matter if not genre. There must be more survival games than FPS these days. That subject matter is the civilian side of warfare, however, the characterizations are shallow and the atmosphere non existant. I did not empathise with these people and i tend to get very emotionaly involved when playing games, watching films/TV, or reading. I felt nothing whilst playing this game except boredom."
,Not Recommended,282070,31018107,Posted: 8 April,all,guidonthief,It only gets cred for the concept. Gameplay is no more interesting than any number of simple free flash or andoid games.
,Not Recommended,282070,33420055,Posted: 9 July,all,goka9696,"This game is trash.Like really, it is.Developers are scum. They are awful people who made this game with simple reason: at the time of its release ukraine was going through it's ""change"" in the government. The country was, and still is, in a state of civil war at Donbass areas and such.Suddenly, out of nowhere comes a pretentious game about people living in a war-torn city in Eastern Europe, who just have to survive through it all. Ok, nice idea, it can be utilized well.But it's not. Gameplay is horrid. A lot of things don't make any sense. I am baffled that devs not even made a dlc about kids at war (what a great way to get more people to give you money for your pretentious♥♥♥♥♥♥, BUT there's even a ""charity"" dlc (and if you really believe that the money goes to the charity or that the charity itself actually does something to help people... well, I don't think there's much that can be done for you) to suck more money out of people.I bought this game on release, so maybe some balance problems have been fixed after all this time, but I doubt it. Either way, avoid like a plague"
,Not Recommended,282070,26580224,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,No Loli No Life,11/11/2016 UpdateWTF？！！！ update lost  Save ？！！！！！ My Save ？！！！！ All Restart the Game ？！！！ The Story is all Reset？！！！！
76561197970358084,Recommended,282070,12968040,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Commander Keen,"First impressions: Beautiful, immersive and interesting. Bravo!"
,Not Recommended,282070,31431936,Posted: 28 April,all,ninjacapo,"shouldnt this game be called ""dying in a week because my characters started out injured and sick""?"
76561198014704153,Not Recommended,282070,33029196,Posted: 30 June,all,WolfauraRose,"I start up the game expecting a tutorial to help explain things, but there does not seem to be one. Iam not sure what to do so alt tab out of the game to look up a wiki which I should not have to do, which causes the game to freeze and lock up my computer.This is very annoying Iam not at all impressed by this game, it looks ugly and I have no idea what to do. The characters can't even seem to interact or speak.I usually know within a few minutes if I like a game or not. Playing this I don't feel amazed or like Iam enjoying it at all. This game does not appeal to me at all.This game is worthy of requesting a refund."
76561198067449087,Not Recommended,282070,32644978,Posted: 22 June,all,don't draw me purple,"If it worked AT ALL it could be decent, but with no active tech support or refund service, I wouldn't expect much."
76561197994926197,Not Recommended,282070,29032828,Posted: 5 January,all,Troy,A well made game that simulates what it would be like for a civilian stuck in a war zone.Made me realise that I don't want to be stuck in a war zone - or play this game.
,Not Recommended,282070,13956800,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pancakes,"Sadly the game was not ""gripping"" as far as I'm concerned. Yes, it has a nice gameplay, and yes - the design seems good, albeit slightly too sketchy. However, there is no voice acting at all, which makes the heros depicted just comic book characters, not real people as it was probably intended. There are almost no dialogues, except when trying to console a flatmate - and that one sounds ridiculous. This War of Mine is mostly about gathering supplies, crafting stuff, bartering, crafting more stuff and ocasionally shooting somebody or stealing to survive. It's more mechanics than story (which, frankly, is non-existent), and since the game was said to be about choices, people and the terrors of war - it's just not good enough. I lost 5 people throughout the game and I didn't even notice they're missing, there was no attachment from my side. If you're into crafting and survival games - you will probably enjoy it for some 40h, then you've seen it all.As to the value, I played for 12 hours with two teams (the second made it to the end) and I've uninstalled the game. I don't see much replayability - the location is the same all the time, and characters don't differ that much. I don't think the game is super-worth its initial price.  Maybe an update or DLC would change it, but I won't be coming back anyway."
76561198032212596,Not Recommended,282070,19312648,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Hellzone,Game Pros:-NothingGame Cons:-EVERYTHING!
,Not Recommended,282070,29744318,Posted: 6 February,all,John Madden,"I'm on my 5th play now, I restarted previous plays on day 2 and 3 or something like that, when I seen things I did wrong, because I missed critical info and haven't checked guides (I still haven't checked them. I restarted another 2 plays on days 5-6 when my guy died twice, and now I'm on day 8 and so far it more or less ok.But so far I don't like the game. I better have watched youtube overview before bying it, because game itself is not what I expected from overviews and videos in description.For now I can't recommend it, if this changes in future and I do like the game, I will update my review."
76561198290873447,Not Recommended,282070,23363002,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ben-s-hamilton,Sometimes when  you press 'grab all' the game crashes amnd you have to start the whole day again. Not happy with this game
76561197988062663,Not Recommended,282070,14756391,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Eulon,"I absolutely detest this game for its rigid conscientious line that you must follow throughout the game.It should be in the details, ""This is a survival game that requires you to maintain your sense of humanity or fail the game""I would prefer not getting punished because I have an aggressive playstyle but as is apparent through most of the characters I play, they feel like killing themselves because they prefer starving themselves than see someone else go without food. This game should allow for heartless characters to be played for players like myself that kill anyone guarding resources, regardless of their sad story. This game tries to be groundbreaking, but exempts the players that think only for themselves which is part of survival. Frustrating."
,Not Recommended,282070,19330184,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Smooth_Red,You really have to be bored as hell to play this piec of trash
,Not Recommended,282070,15149182,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Bibncent,Battle field is so mcuh bettor
,Not Recommended,282070,32634622,Posted: 21 June,all,BlackJack λ,Coolish game but you have to mod it for it to be fun.Recommending game out of the box
,Not Recommended,282070,32644906,Posted: 22 June,all,Gumandan,Add one save slot and I rate positive. Seriously... who's brilliant idea was that I am already bored of your beautiful game. Thanks...
76561198031027183,Not Recommended,282070,31934274,Posted: 24 May,all,lacanseven,"I really wanted to like this game but I could just not get into it.  It's not bad, just not my cup of tea.  7/10"
76561198068517426,Not Recommended,282070,14269248,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,nick9520chiefs,"Please read the review before deciding on if this was helpful because although there was a LOT i liked about this game I cannot reccomend it.MAIN POINTS+new type of gameplay+emotion-evoking scenery, soundtrack, overall tone-lacked any kind of emotional character attatchment in what should be an emotional game-no replay value whatsoeverThis is a game that was widely reviewed as a 'must play' and a 'gamechanger' because it puts you on the other side of war. Despite enjoying my playthrough (s, I lost quite a few times before surviving to the end) I didn't at all see how this was a moral or introspective game at all. What i will say is that the game makes you regret a choice to steal from a kind family or kill others to keep your own group alive, but the only consequence is a sad character which can be salvaged by having another character talk to them for a little while. I won't go as far as to say you don't care about killing people, but it is largely as inconsequential as killing in other games. You end up strategizing to keep your characters from being bothered by your orders rather than feeling guilty about them yourself.That being said, I liked the game. It looked good, it had a really sad feel to it in the artwork and the music, and even in success you are pointed back to what you had to do to get there. The gameplay itself was unlike anything I had played before, but wasn't revolutionary to the point that this is a selling-point.The game is not worth the money. If it is on sale, by all means try it on, it is a new type of experience. I had two huge problems with it that keep it from being worth the price.-first, as I mentioned above, the game is really sold as a moral dilemma type game, where you sacrifice ease for doing the right thing, etc. It isn't that. If you want to challenge yourself by all means walk the high road, but there is not connection with any of the characters, especially the ones you are in control of. There is a little bit of background for each reavealed as the game progresses, but they all have repeated, generic lines, without voice acting, that occasionally play and do little to make them endearing, or even disliked which can be a connecting point.-Lastly, and the main reason i can't reccomend is that the second I actually finished the game, I was done with it. There was absolutley no replay value at all. I don't want to sound hypocritical, because as you can see I put some serious time into this. I have often heard said about games that they can be addicting without being fun, and I never really bought it. This game is that. I had to survive, I had to win, but once I won I really wondered why the hell i bothered to do all that, I didn't even enjoy the ride."
76561198177515271,Not Recommended,282070,32845965,Posted: 27 June,all,TzToxic,"may i start by saying its not really a bad game its just i find it very hard to enjoy. U start off with no ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial or anything your characters are dying and u dont know how to save them, kill all in 6 days game is just not worth mny money"
,Not Recommended,282070,31653046,Posted: 9 May,all,MegaEast,This game is more pain than pleasure it crashes so many times and all the progress is lost and i have to restart again and again. there is something seriously wrong with this game was working before but after updates it has failed to play smoothly. kindly refund
,Not Recommended,282070,23226349,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kabbage,It's like Diablo and the Sims for refugees.  Cool concept but at the end of the day its just grinding for loot and making sure they don't starve to death.
,Not Recommended,282070,13023406,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Luke,"I wanted to like this game. I really, really did. But in the end it's basically an exercise in futility, and not because of any challenge it presents, but because of bad design.Bear with me. The game opens with zero tutorial or information or anything. The only thing your survivors have are the clothes on their backs and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ apartment-type place that can be fixed up and made liveable with a little work. Unfortunately, you have no idea how to get people working on making it liveable. For example; to undo rubble, you basically need a shovel, which you need a metal working station to create. And if you spend all the resources you collected from easy locations on say, improving your workbench, because you have no idea what that means? Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself, You've effectively lost, or at least put yourself in an extremely disadvantageous position.Still though, a quick playthrough of three days or so is effectively a tutorial. Most things are fairly quickly learned (which makes the lack of even an optional tutorial twice as infuriating, because everything COULD be explained in ten minutes.)Eventually though, things settle down. And this side of the game, where you manage limited resources in order to try to see to the needs of your own survivors and friendly neighbours is actually really fun once you get into it. This is why I tried to like the game.But then come the night sections.The night sections.No matter how many people you have, you can only send one of your crew to loot a location at once. Your base is secure as it ever will be, and you know a good place for materials but need an extra hand to carry even half of them? Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. You want to risk an attack on a small survivor compound? Well, have fun assaulting it alone.But even this I could understand, really, from a game balance point of view. Would be a bit against the message if you and your team of commandos just ran in everywhere and slaughtered everyone for all their things.What really gets me is that you will inevitably need to steal or shoot your way to more resources. And I mean inevitably, because even♥♥♥♥♥♥like making a goddamn axe will cost you half a forest's worth of wood. And when you go to do this, you will find the game's AI, combat, and stealth systems are all abominable.We'll start with the AI. You never know what might set them off. Going upstairs in a bordello? Suddenly everyone's after your blood, and they'll demand that you leave dozens of times while BLOCKING THE ONLY EXIT. Open a locked locker, because nobody had a problem with you looting a chest right next to it? Oh well, turns out someone does actually own this locker and of course he has an assault rifle because EVERYBODY DOES. He also, OF COURSE, has exactly enough bullets to shoot forever and leave two on his corpse.Now let's move into combat. You sneak up behind someone to try and knife them in the neck? You'd better make sure you're RIGHT BEHIND THEM before clicking to attack, because God forbid you have any foresight. Otherwise it doesn't count as a sneak attack. And even if you do pull off a sneak attack, odds are pretty good that whomever you're fighting will whip out a weapon, take practically no damage, and then proceed to pummel you to death. Even if they don't have a weapon, they'll pummel you with their bare hobo-hands for vastly more damage than you manage when smacking someone from behind with a ♥♥♥♥ing axe. While their fifty friends with guns come pouring out to murder you even quicker, because EVERYONE HAS GUNS. Except you. You probably only have one or two guns between your three-four survivors.But everyone else has guns.Also, if you see someone cowering and begging for their life, but consider them too evil/too much of a risk to let live? Well you better hope you have a gun/ammo, because smacking an unarmed man who's on his knees and covering his head with his hands with a fire axe just doesn't do anything. He'll leap to his feet unharmed like some kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Serbian ninja and judo-chop you to death in two blows.But now let's move into stealth. Let's say the god's smile on you. You actually manage to stealth kill someone by knifing them in the neck, somehow bypassing the mystical Serbian immunity to cut throats. You will then body-slam this person to the ground so loudly that for all intents and purpose you trigger an earthquake that sends some kind of radio pulse to the stars, broadcasting to alien life your exact name, the name of everyone in your group, who you just killed, and where you just killed them. And also to every NPC in a ten mile radius.Because stealth.Tldr: There's a really fun resource management part of the game. It's like a depressing Sims. Then there's the ♥♥♥♥♥iest combat/stealth system ever, and AI that makes Mr Bean look like a goddamn mastermind, and you WILL have to do combat/stealth to win."
,Not Recommended,282070,25837318,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SexyHeadOfParish,Characters can eat but can't sh-t or pi-swhat kind of game is this??0/10
,Recommended,282070,29274110,Posted: 15 January,all,Lil C]-[ew C]-[ew is ಥ﹏ಥ,"Good things :-incredible visual effects;-great animation;-good narrative and story;-gameplay is easy but takes time to do things,must have pacience;____________________________________________Bad things :-you start the game with no clue or tutorial about the gameplay;-no tip or hint about the in-game's sign,you have to interact everytime to learn about them;-the game is built on one continous saved game,if something gone screwed along the time,you better prepared about the consequences;-you can't bind the keyboard to move the camera,only mouse;-font size is unbelievable squeezed,no matter what resolution set you change,the font size will be the same to be hard to read;Review:-Is an incredible game but the makers always have to know for whose will buy and play their product,must putt together an user manual or adjust the game to have hints in-game."
76561198066135987,Not Recommended,282070,14063705,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Rikashey,"There are two types of people, those that can adapt to apocalyptic situations and those that can't.In ""This War of Mine"" we play as the ones that can't.Good concept but not worth $20."
,Not Recommended,282070,32745836,Posted: 24 June,all,left twix,im sorry the game is boring for me if you like point a click and and walk this game is for you pls can i have a refund
,Not Recommended,282070,14076273,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Giokilla,"Once you get past the 2deep4u story telling, all you will find are lackluster controls, cheap deaths and repetitive gameplay. Nice idea, bad execution."
,Not Recommended,282070,32724760,Posted: 24 June,all,DigBick,"with only 30 mins of playtime I don't even feel like that I have the right to review this product.... but here it goes anyways.I really didn't feel like playing this game at all. Not because it was depressing or sad, but because I really didn't understand what I was supposed to do. This resulted in me getting one of my characters killed during the second night and I thought that there was no point in continuing because I had lost a character. This is why I just quit the game after this and refunded it. Some people may call me just a prick for giving it a negative review because I really didn't give this game a chance to begin with, but I really just didn't like the idea of starting a second run when I had yet to even figure out what the game was about.Now then I can really see why people are enjoying this game since it really seems nice once you understand what you're doing, so if you don't have ANYTHING else to play, you could give this a try.1/10 wouldn't try this one again."
76561198102274855,Not Recommended,282070,31053068,Posted: 9 April,all,fax123,long winded
76561198085364636,Not Recommended,282070,23436526,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,zombiedaredevil,Full of BugsIt has good gameplay. But imposible to play because it will crash 80% of the time. And developers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it. Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,282070,14288698,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,"Once a Potato, Always a Potato",Very repetetive and boring.
,Not Recommended,282070,13707039,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ellie the Kidd,Some graphical issues on my OS made the game hard to play and multiple crashes per session caused me to lose progress. If they can fix those problems then this would be an excellent atmospheric experience but at the moment it is very buggy. Buy it on sale only.
,Not Recommended,282070,31582822,Posted: 6 May,all,UNIT28,starving kids in Africa could have eaten that game!
76561198162420021,Not Recommended,282070,25416494,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,dbencek,Kinda depressing and slow :(
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,282070,13965206,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Nathaniel Prime,"This game has a good message. Buy it if you need to be told what is important in this world. Most people do.  It accurately represents the futility of life in a warzone. If you want a good time, though, stay clear. You're at the absolute mercy of what randomly happens to you, and getting unlucky will kill your team dead. Unlike most games, this is not about progress. This game is about not being completely defeated by the end of the game. Not at all satisfying for those who like to build something or achieve something."
76561198039040694,Not Recommended,282070,25468725,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,kreia,"its hard to rate this pity there isnt a so so rating for example in the name of survival or war morals religion and other out moded concepts go down the toilet yet still my charcacter is a ""dedicated father"" yet whines and gets ""broken"" for killing or stealing food for his daughter how the ♥♥♥♥ can you be a dedicated father fighting to survive and look after your kid and be broken killing some sap for food its a war zone survival of the fittest for christ sake ive got kids if i was in that scenario id slit someones throat for a bag of crisps for my kids feels like this game is like a charity appeal interactive bs"
,Not Recommended,282070,32792749,Posted: 25 June,all,theefetus,lol such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198076730714,Not Recommended,282070,27821308,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wolve,"Lol why is my previous review been deleted? anyway i will just write again.tbh the game is very nice.but i cant recommend it because the dev decided to ruin my 100% achievements by adding stupid TLO DLC.it was worth buying the game and WCC DLC, but not TLO."
76561198238002312,Not Recommended,282070,17283401,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,sgjz,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is why I WILL NEVER BUY GAMES FROM INDIE DEVELOPERS LIKE THIS ONE. The game is NOT operable on Mac. Ever since I bought this game and played ONCE on the first day, I have been UNABLE TO LAUNCH THIS GAME AT ALL on my mac.  This is not just a bug, but a critical system error, which makes the entire game simply unlaunchable, but THE DEVELOPERS TOTALLY IGNORE YOUR REQUEST FOR TROUBLESHOOTING. What a bunch of conartists. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198163586132,Not Recommended,282070,23814239,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mojo Jojo,I bought this game on the steam summer sale for $5 and i wouldnt even pay $1. It crashes every about 5 minutes and you cant even save your game manually so you are forced to continuously start over. Im sorry for anybody who bought this game 0/5 stars.
76561198162431027,Not Recommended,282070,13649591,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,barabbaor378,"I wish Steam had a sideways thumb for eeeeh!Everyone is raving about This War of Mine.  Let me tell you about the positives for the game.The game has a very unique plot where a group of people come together to survive, each bringing their own skills and talents.  This concept has exploded in gaming.  I really like this a lot and it would be cool if the game could be multiplayer which would be difficult.Another aspect of the game is crafting, though limited.  This is interesting because it determines how you will play the game depending on which main items you create.  The main items you create determines the subset of items you craft.  The game goes through a hot season (summer) and a cold season (winter).  I prefer to start out in the winter.I feel the concept is a good concept.  The thing that really trips me up which I don't see many people talk about is the controls especially when you're at home base.  You only have a limited amount of time at home base and at times you have a lot to get done.  I can assign the people task pretty quickly.   While at home base, if I am clicked on someone and maybe trying to direct them to another part of homebase or to task and I have another person doing a task, the game will occasionally (not all the time) when a player finishes a task the game will send you to that player which has caused me to click on the players location.  This will cause the player that I was trying to get to do something to go to the player's location that had just finished a task.  This may happen when a player wakes up when sleeping.   If you've played the game this will make sense.  Also, if someone finishes a task at home base, they'll start to wonder from the task location.  This can be annoying especially when you're rushing to get multiple tasks done.At homebase, the game essentially switches you to the character if they say anything, which can cause you to send someone to some erroneous point due to this.  The control are in my opinion subpar when you are at homebase ESPECIALLY when you have a dozen tasks to be done.  You have to essentially babysit your characters because I've had characters that I've told to do a task and either have had them only do some of the task or not even start the task.  In the mssion setting of the game, the controls are tolerable but still not that good.What I would do to improve the controls?  I strongly feel when I say this a lot of players will agree with me:  At homebase, if I can assign the people a list of task to do. Example:  Gather snow, then go to sleep. or make filter, make alcohol, grow plants, cook food, then go to sleep.  If they can't complete a task, you don't need to send me to that player, just send me a stupid message saying that the task couldn't be completed and have them go to the next task.  Because when you're at homebase, there have been times that I'm rushing around trying to get a bunch of task done and an accidential click sends a person to another location within the homebase because the computer brought them up because they said ""I'm freezing my bones in here"" by bringing the person back to whereever they were at I lose like ~30 minutes.The concept of the game is good (I don't see why people are saying it is great) but the controls are really subpar.  In my opinion really affect the game play. If I could trade this game I would.  If you want to try and trade I will.  I feel like I got ripped off because the controls of this game highly aggravate me!"
,Not Recommended,282070,13521643,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tenchuu Khan,"While it works really well as a game where the goal is to manage the survival of your group through certain means, it fails to deliver any sort of satisfaction whatsoever.What's really frustrating about it is that your group constantly gets worse  even though your equipment gets better. You can heat up your house as much as you want, they still are all constantly sick and go from recovering to worse and worse and worse.I understand that this is how the game was supposed to be but so was Papers, Please for instance. Just that in Papers, Please if you do well so does your family.In this game, no matter how well you seemingly do, it's never enough.Once you managed to get a group through you are still not satisfied because they are all in♥♥♥♥♥♥condition.I'd find it great if the game would offer a sandbox mode as well where you can actually get better and pimp up your house and maybe raid others or whatever.And of course, with an option to go scavenging with more than one person."
,Not Recommended,282070,13307421,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,það bergmálar þegar ég anda,"IMHO absolutely overrated.the story is interesting in the beginning.but it is getting boring because:the dialogs are repetitiveexploration is repetitivebuildings are repetitiveyou have to wait a lot and nothing happensnothing ever happensthis could have been a wonderful game, but imho they put too less effort in it to make it an unique experience.I demand more (different!) dialogs, more buildings to explore with more stories, more things to do and more alternatives one can choose from."
76561197966004547,Not Recommended,282070,13270431,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,POTUS,"If your expectation of this game is not to do much overall, you will surely be a happy customer like most people that like this game. Build a couple of items in a day, maybe eat, sleep rotation and wait to see if someone knocks at your door - this is an in depth summary of your day. During the night you will scavenge for items. You will do your best to avoid other people, but this isn't a stealth game. Sometimes you will fight, but there is no fighting mechanic at all to make that interesting either. You will bring stuff back to your house - this was an in depth summary of every night you will play.People you meet have one liner dialogues in a loop and add nothing to the story. Information you find is equally inconsequencial. The people you meet at your door are totally random and you won't be seeing them again. There is no sense that something bigger than your group is operating outside despite having a radio which has nothing of use to say other than flavourless text. The locations you scavenge do little to add to the story, your experience or your interest. There is no world economy or society functioning in the background (which technically, in all wars, these two elements keep functioning unless everyone is dead).If this is supposed to be a game to make us aware that war is horrible it does so in a very ""light"" way. Yes people are bored, sad, hungry and tired but rarely will you be doing anything that feels important, stressful, linked to morals or truly atrocious. I met a Bosnia war survivor who saw a pregnant lady lose a leg to a mortor shell and witnessed people resorting to eating wood to survive - in comparison, this game shows that war is really an inconvienence more than anything else. Another thing: war torn cities have curfews with ""shoot on sight"" rules during the night since its harder to tell who's who, hence scavenging occurs mostly during daytime for civilians.I don't normally slam games that cost 20$ but all the awards and the hype just created expectations that were painfully absent. I wanted to love this game but I really cannot understand how so many people seem to like playing such a boring game where most of its components exist in other games which are better made. I'm almost thinking that there must be fake accounts to write so many loving reviews that are so obviously exaggerated.Pro:GraphicsCons:No storyNo charactersNo replay valueNo stealth mechanicNo fighting mechanicNo economyAimless gamingWorth 5$"
76561198062548066,Not Recommended,282070,13909536,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pooptydoopty,I like it.
76561197961163680,Not Recommended,282070,33210934,Posted: 3 July,all,Safe Place for Snowflakes,"Not a good  game at all. Point and click. Too passive you die, too aggrissive you die. No totorial or in game help. Poorly done. Hardly worth the 4$ I spent on it."
76561198013022349,Not Recommended,282070,13175525,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Onion Knight,"After playing this game for quite some time i had thought i understood how to fix character ""difficulties"" such as depression and or the ""broken mode"" that characters go into. All seemed to be going well, it was winter, roman had joined the original three, and i had a steady flow of food and materials. Soon after winter had ended but the only thing that changed was the backround, the temperature still remained at 1-6 degrees and eventually made one of my chracters get sick. Eventually reaching the point of terminal illness, i had instructed the sick person to take the meds meant for higher stages of illness and she did as told. I then instructed her to recover by sleeping while i used my other three characters, the only issue was that all three of the other characters had become ""broken"" over the condition of my sick person. I was genuenly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when i could not move or command any of my able bodied characters while i let the sick person recover. Eventually when my sick person recovered the other three continued to stay in the ""broken"" state, allowing me to do near-nothing in the following days. I understand that the broken feature is embeded into the game because people lose sanity when close friends die (what i think is being recreated in the game) and the game does a great job of making your characters be depressed after the death of a member of your shelter but when the dying person in question survives while the other 3 remain broken until systematically hanging themselves and leaving the person responsible for the mental state of the others broken yet again, the player has no control over what happens and eventually loses due to this silly bug in the game (btw i was  on day 28 when this happened to me)"
,Not Recommended,282070,13248983,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,fromthemachine,"In essense, this is a resource management game. You go out and loot at night in hopes that your colony has enough resources to survive the next day.The added feature to this is that your mental state is a resource of the game. You have to weigh physical resources vs. the mental resources of your people. Otherwise they'll start committing suicide. For instance, if you rob and kill to survive, your people will become too depressed to continue.Some people are lauding this as some revolutionary story mechanic, but it's not. It's just another resource you have to manage in order to beat the game. Also, if you're at all skilled at stealth games, you will avoid many of the ""mental anguish"" decisions, and your characters will just ""feel bad"" even though they were never spotted or knew who lived in that area. I robbed a house, wasn't spotted, and found out the day after that it was a couple of old people and I took all their food. I only found this out because my character felt ""sad"" for taking the couple's food ... even though we never came in contact.So it's a resource/stealth game with a mental gimmick."
76561198064744408,Not Recommended,282070,13314755,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,malusmundus,"Game has serious issues with nvidia drivers apparently... screen flickers and game crashes (not on every computer)- there's a fix (supposedly), but I'm not going to roll back my drivers back to 186.18 WHQL to do it (couldn't if i wanted to because my laptop doesn't support the driver).Wish I would've known about this before buying- no warnings at all. : *("
,Not Recommended,282070,25472093,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Oofperator,welp i cannot refund this
,Not Recommended,282070,23352099,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ulysses,"Maybe I'm missing something but I don't see what people like in this game. In my opinion it's dull, boring, and overall not enjoyable.TLDR: Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,282070,14505858,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hazza,children cant be used as slaves
76561198012472782,Not Recommended,282070,13746460,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Vaellyn Nazarius,"Can not get it to work, even after trying every damn fix suggested and having friends with knowledge of this kind of stuff looking at it. And yes, my computer can run games heavier than this.15 bucks I'll never get back, what a ♥♥♥♥ing ripoff"
76561198028684900,Not Recommended,282070,13462925,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Valen,"First Impressions having bought the game and just started it.1) No manual at all (there are some guides out there in internet land that explain things).2) Issue with some fonts in the game. Not being able to read your Characters status which is very important in this game. This issue has been reported in the forums before and it seems nothing has been done on it yet.For a new player - Not having a manual with the basics of gameplay and not being able to read character conditions because of the font issue would be a game killer or at least a major pain to some.The game got great reviews but it seems like the reviewers skipped the obviously issues with regards to the games outstanding issues in lieu of the gameplay.I can't recommend this game as it is because of the current font issue concerning character status. Otherwise, it would be a great game. Look elsewhere until they fix the font issue and some of the remaining few bug issues."
,Not Recommended,282070,13453952,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AlexDua,"Not ready for prime time! I don’t usually write reviews, but I feel so strong about the lack of testing and not paying attention to details that the devs have shown in this game. I really like this games potential and hope they work this out. But for now save your money and do not buy this game. This thing is filled with bugs. Alt Tab doesn't work. When one Alt-Tabs it locks up and you have to kill task. Buttons disappear if you click on anything other than button after you have clicked on it and person is moving towards object.  In fact all buttons disappear from time to time due to this bug. And with the most recent December 19 patch people can’t apply bandages to themselves or with others helping.  A guy just totally died and an hour of RL  play time was wasted because I could not apply bandage. The motions were taken, but it never finished even after hours of game time trying to apply the bandage. Just not going to fire this up again until all these bugs are worked out. Fix the basics! There are key root problems not fixed, fix those first before you move on to add new content."
76561197960298430,Not Recommended,282070,13312348,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TheJeffness,"I recommend this game if it is on sale for under $10.  The game is good and fun for about 10 hours....Once you beat it you will probably not want to go back and play it again unless they come out with future updates that add a lot more resources, things to build, locations, and other gameplay elements.  The game is pretty basic and limited, but its main flaw is that it is EXTREMELY tedious.  Imagine playing the Sims without the variety and creativity but instead having more challenge, more randomness, more resource management, and the tension that comes with play a rogue-like game.  Main issue is that doing everything takes so long, searching through rubble takes like 10 seconds and you have to wait a couple minutes every morning for someone to come to your door precisely at 10:30...sometimes nobody ever comes so you wasted a few minutes when you could have just pressed ""end day""...A fast foward button is greatly needed in this game.  Spent maybe 10 hours with this game, and atleast half of that was just waiting around doing nothing for the clock to hit 10:30 or for my slow♥♥♥♥♥characters to ""craft"" something.  This game is fun for awhile, exploring the new locations and building new items in your base is interesting....and it is exciting and challenging to be constantly facing failure and having to start all over.  This game is also extremely polished...the sound and art direction are nearly flawless.  Some people claimed they have cried while playing this game, and I have to say that those people are either lying or suffer from some sort of mental issue.  Its dramatic and good for a videogame, but if 2 sentences of text from an underdeveloped and mute character make you tear up, then you seriously have no appreaciation for art, drama, are mentally unstable, or are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  All these reviewers are praising this game almost entirely because it shows that civilians suffer in war....well, duh...just because almost all other war videogames focus on soldiers doesnt mean this game should receive universal praise for being unique.  Again it is extremely tedious, the crafting is limited, there isnt any customazation or purpose on how or where you build items in your house....it is nothing like Terraria or Minecraft.  The crafting is almost identical to the crafting in ""The Last of Us"", very limited and boring.  This game is very polished and fun to play for 10 hours(which is really 5 hours due to slowness of characters and waiting around for clock).  Would say buy if under $10, but should probably buy if under $5, since you will probably only get 5 hours of gameplay out of it.6/10"
76561198147340285,Not Recommended,282070,24386089,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ellis,"seriously it is the worst game i have ever played. trying to be bit of everything, but gameplay terrible. graphics sucks, music boring."
,Not Recommended,282070,28825541,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,STRattler,war starts - depressedno food for 1 day - depresseddoes nothing all day - wounded and depressedlies in bed all day - sick and depressedtry to find meds - brokentry to talk to them - broken+whoever they spoke to also brokeeveryone commits suicide or leaves.This should be a browser game.
76561197983457767,Not Recommended,282070,32611536,Posted: 21 June,all,sweetmuffins,Doesn't work on Ubuntu 16.04.02 LTS.
,Not Recommended,282070,13574982,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,FarleShadow,"I bought TWoM with the hopes of a gripping story about survival in a wartorn world. What I got was an annoying point and click adventure. It also doesn't help that I played an incredibly similar flash game to this about five bucking years ago!Normally I don't review a game as bad[Cue sarcastic laughter]But really? It's a flash game posing as a real game.""But we're a real game!"" I hear the devs cry, ""We have all these cool textures and mechanics!""""Yes,"" I reply like I'm talking to a nutjob, ""But everyone else who doesn't like beating themselves with sticks isn't going to enjoy grinding through salvage mechanics coupled with tiny character inventories. Look, I know you're shooting for realistic here, but there is a difference between 'realistic' and 'actually worth playing for more than 5 minutes. Like, if I've got 4 survivors, why can't I drag along a friend to help me carry♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why can't these desperately sleepy people share a bed? AND WHY GIVE ME ATTACK MECHANICS THAT YOU DON'T BOTHER EXPLAINING THEMSELVES UNTIL MY CHARACTER DIES!""""But we're a survivalist game!"" They reply.No TWoM, you're not a survivalist game and you're not a simulation of a survivalist game.What you are is a series of annoying point and click adventure puzzles. No skill, no advancement, no point.And as for AI? What bucking AI?! I once had an uncontrolled AI character called 'Bruno' (The chef) stand in the middle of the kitchen, with the fridge to his right and the stove to his left, announce he was 'starving' but did bugger all about it. The fridge, I need not tell you, was full.If it really wants to improve, it'll need to include a difficulty setting (Reducing material requirements and hunger would be a start), a tutorial (Or even just a journal system where the characters explain what they want and don't want) and the ability to establish resource chains (So while I'm busy poking around the city, I know the rest of the survivors aren't all in bed.)I really want to recommend TWoM for it's visual style and it's unique 'darkness'. But really it's like being beaten with a piece of fine art. Yes, the art is expensive and pretty but that doesn't make the frame breaking your nose hurt any less."
,Not Recommended,282070,13285947,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,PRQ,"Too short. Makes you believe there is replay value or variety, or that you can make choices, but you actually don't. Every game looks the same. Very repetitive. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,282070,32832769,Posted: 26 June,all,HeisenberG,"oyun çok iyi indirimli fiyattı 6,20 bu fiyata kaçmaz kesinlikle alınarkadaşlarla oynama seçeneği gelecek mi acabaWill it be an option to play with friends?It would be great if it happenedIf you answer the question, I will recommend the game."
76561198039506974,Not Recommended,282070,13485347,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ChanSama,"Good game, but kind of pisses you off. 7/10.Too bad I only have y/n recommend option. Will not recommend then. For me, I'd only absolutely recommend a game that I think is 9/10 or 10/10.Just some clarification on my game time. Honestly I played through the pirate version of v1.1 at least 5 times before, unlocked single team member (Markov) start, so that's pretty much everything. I only bought this game to show support.This game is just another survival game with a war theme. Yes previously the survival games have more of zombie/adventure type theme and this game is unique. It shed light on the ethics of war from a commoner's perspective. This is great and the developers was able to dig a lot into it. However, this game is far from finished and is kind of buggy, which affects the story-telling aspect of the game.Sometimes the player get shot for no good reason. For example, in the semi-attached house map, the player start from the right buildin. An armed lady who is always looking at the center of the map(without distraction, of course) will shoot the player if he/she does not walk away as the lady says. However, in the left building, out of the range of that armed lady, a scavenger will tell you to watch out for that crazy lady. I suppose the player is intented to start this map from the left side, not from the right side where the crazy lady is, since starting from the right will cause the player inevitablely   meet that lady before getting warned.The close combat in this game appears unfinished as well. I've played this game for weeks and survived at least five times. In three of my walkthroughs, I killed everyone on the map. However, even being a pro at killing in this game, I still sometimes find it impossible to win a close combat. For example, saving that girl from supermarket. Only 1 out of 4 times can I backstab the soldier successfully. The distance is hard to master. Either I was too far that the attack changed into a gunshot, or the soldier somehow ""notice"" me when I was about to backstab. The latter case happens a lot when I do the backstab without hiding in a hide point. The enemy almost always notice me and it turns into a face-to-face fight. The worse thing is the enemy often hit you constantly in a close combat and you can't even hit him once. So odd, so annoying.The moral system has some problem as well. In my last walkthrough, I did not do anything bad beside killing a bunch of bandits who attached me on sight. I also had all my four team memebers ""well-fed"" and content everyday in the final 10 days. However, I somehow still got the bad end for Pavle.(who killed the bandits) Pavle wrote all positive things in his diary but still, BAD END. However, in an earlier save, I had good end for all four characters even if some of them stole the garage and clearnse the military post. How strange is that.In addition, this game appears to be adding big changes in the upcoming updates. Big changes are good, but those changes (such as the change in 1.2.0) even somehow change the game mechanism. In other words, the current version of this game is more like those ""early access game"" with a lot of further gameplay improvement and bug fixes to add. Then why the developers not just say this is a unfinished version? This is gameplay changes I'm talking about, not just bug fixes or graphic improvements.Lack of a fast-forward button is annoying as well. For most of the in-game days I have to sit there and wait until 10 AM to see if someone will show up. When you get familiar with this game, you will find the latter half of this game extremely boring, just repeat and repeat the same♥♥♥♥♥♥every day - and you have to waste at least 15 minutes real life time per in-game day for waiting for all the building, crafting and waiting for potential visitors.7/10 for picking a good theme but failing on user experience. Will recomend if a lot of improvement is made."
76561198028758118,Not Recommended,282070,13566072,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,RighteousSinner,"First off, this game is very depressing, VERY depressing, even the music is depressing. I can't even fathom why anyone would want to expirience the war as a good for nothing civie that decided a cabinent in the bottom of a house couldn't be used to repair the holes in the house. Not to even mention that there is no saving, tutorial for combat, backstory about the war, and even the logic is completely off the mark for what it tries to do. WHAT THE HELL IS THE POINT OF A LARGE INVENTORY SCREEN THAT YOU CAN'T USE ANYWAYS?The game is basically about surviving in a preset way where the mechanics of the game itself are unwieldy and confusing. As far as I'm concerned, every single playable character in this game is an emo wuss that can get killed by even an old man with his fists. AN OLD SICKLY MAN WITH FISTS! FISTS I TELL YOU! What kind of godamn football league is Palve in anyways!?For christsake It's like the whole game was designed to make just about everything you do seem to have such little value and meaning I'm surprised this game isn't something onFOG.comthat got forgotten about as soon as it was posted.*sigh*Seriously go play a free zombie survival game where your actions actually mean something. This game is for masochistic chumps who want to watch pathetic people die pathetically."
76561198074427912,Not Recommended,282070,13519102,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ShizNick,"Paid full price for this garbage 2+ months ago and still haven't been able to play it as it crashes at startup, emailed tech support with crash dump as requested by techs back then as well and still haven't heard a damn thing from them. I don't recomend you buy this game unless you want to waste your money on NOTHING.... Looked like a kewl game...."
76561198046104319,Not Recommended,282070,13263437,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,smelly tank,"I think the reaction is a bit overblown. There's a lot of recycled content in playthroughs, and it's a straight yes/no system behind the scenes. While content is random, the system to handle the content is very basic simulation-style gaming. Killing people will increase the Sad score, eating certain foods reduces hunger by x%, and so on. It's a fancy number cruncher with a limited palette of options to work from.If I want harsh survival, I'd rather play Don't Starve. If I want chaotic emergent roleplaying, I'd play Crusader Kings 2.  The Crusader Kings 2 spreadsheet sim approach to personalities is infinitely more amusing and sad than This War of Mine.For me, this is an unsatisfying simulation rather than an emotional experience. I think it's cool that the developers give you ""hard"" choices in this game, but most of the difficult choices are really easy, in fact. The emotional gut punches just weren't there for me. It was just a test of how messed up you could act before someone kills themselves.When I figured out that the old man with the sick wife were just plain going to die, I killed them and took their stuff. It made my little peons weepy, but being Depressed & having a lot more to trade with is better than Hungry & having nothing to trade with.When the girl witch the shotgun jumped down to where my Scavenger was, of course I stuck her with the knife until she died. And I killed her weepy sister, too. And I killed the other b147h that was with them. With my knife. Because I didn't want to waste the shells for the new shotgun I picked up. This also made my peons weepy... but, hey, they're better armed peons now.The game is about being the biggest a-hole  you can without making your peons kill themselves. It's kind of like the Sims, except you actually can do some stuff once in a while."
,Not Recommended,282070,13296099,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Thomas Shelby,"Appears to be an interesting and strategic game, but it really comes down to your own scavenger's weapons being obsolete regardless of their opponents (for example, my scavenger with a knife could do nothing against a thug with a pistol, but when my scavenger equipped a pistol, it could do nothing against a homeless man with a knife) and only one scavenger can be sent at a time which is understandable but very inconvient. Boarding up and arming those staying at your base at night, even with all two or three on guard, is also obsolete - bandits will still get in and steal everything you need. All in all, the beginning gets you hooked, then the game just goes completely downhill from there. Huge waste of $20."
,Not Recommended,282070,14413110,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,顺着网线过来捅你两刀,why no chinese?
,Not Recommended,282070,13249646,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Unarmed,"The game is an artful commentary of the human casulties of war. Not the warriors but those who cannot leave and have bunkered down, trying to survive. It's a type of side-scrolling platformer and the graphics are good - but bleak. And that sums up the game. It's terribly bleak, you and whatever other survivors you find are going to die. Starvation, bleeding, freezing, or just disappearing in the night. I found nothing fun about it, it's depressing. I understand the point the creators are trying to make, but I play games to escape reality. This one is just to gritty for me."
,Not Recommended,282070,13057790,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Hamburger2150,"I am torn on wether to reccomend it or not because I would but I wouldnt. Read the review to see what I mean.This game is how everyone with a ""bad"" review claim it to be. I have put 12 hours into this game with no regrets. However I am now starting to lose the ""new game"" feel and have nothing to show of it and am slowly losing interest in the game. The first few times I played I lost( I still continue to lose)because the game tells you nothing about how to play it, but you can easily and quickly come to the assumption that it is essintally ""The Sims"". Gameplay is very,very basic and as a lot of people have said the combat mechanics are very grude and lacking as well.I have made it in about 17 days, but ineviably you lose there is no way around it other than you get that one lucky game that you get a nice character balance and supply is in places that dont have three guys with guns on every floor. This game could be great with some tweaks one of which(even if it is the only one) needs to be the ablitiy to save your game.  I also would like there to be ""learnable ablities"" so to speak like being able to craft bigger bags because lets face it unless you have Borus on you crew you have lost, because besides him the best player I have seen can hold 12 things. Half of which are taken up by stuff that you HAVE to take with you if you want to get anywhere.Things like you shovel sawblades crowbar and a gun and a vest for the more dangerous areas. so depending on where you are going you start out with upwards of 6 but at the very least 3 spots just that that you can not waste a trip by getting stuck by a door you have to saw or break in with a crowbar or lockpick. so at very most to have a productive night you have 9 but 7 slots on most characters, to get everything you need to make a bed or cook some food.Overall this game is good its worth playing but go in playing as though it is a time waster because thats what it is. Even those that managed to make it all the way through say even when you do win it is just abrubtly over. Its an interesting take on the war scene but needs more depth needs more gameplay  than chance I dont mind paying the$20 for it because I know even for a game like this ALOT of work goes into it but at the same time I wish I would have gotten more for the money because even the sims has gameplay and things you can improve with your character in order to make certain things like a promotion at work happen.This feels like a great game that was hastely made and I hope they have some plans for some good FREE updates in the near future to push this game to the potential that it has."
76561197968571832,Not Recommended,282070,13211103,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Buzzkill,"Summary: Arbitrary and depressing, just as the developers intended... but who wants that in a game?!?I'm doing something unusual here and not recommending this game even though I think that in many ways it's quite good.  That's partly because the bar it sets is so high: at the time of this writing, it has a ridiculous 96% approval rating on Steam, so I thought it might be more informative to provide a dissenting opinion than yet another uncritical review gushing praise.  But mainly it's because while it does a lot of things right, it has one particular feature that I absolutely hate.  Or rather, it lacks a feature; namely, the ability to manually save the game.That may sound nitpicky, but trust me: the way the game plays, it's a major factor.  When something unexpected happens -- and it happens a lot! -- your game most often begins a fatal tailspin from which you can't recover.  You can stubbornly man the controls trying to right the ship for a while longer, but most likely you're fighting a losing battle, and your best bet is to just start over.  Either way, at that point one single event -- which may be some trivial misstep on your part, or even just a random occurence completely outside your control (e.g., a nighttime raid on your shelter that steals all your food and water and wounds a couple of your characters) -- has probably just cost you the game and all the time you invested in it.  The ability to reload a previous save would mitigate that problem, but you're not given that option -- and that was surely a deliberate design choice.Many of the reviews I read hail this as some kind of genius masterstroke on the part of the developers, but if you're old enough you probably know that game designers have been using this lame technique to instill ""drama"" ever since video games were invented.  It's a cheese tactic, pure and simple -- an artificial way to increase the game's stakes that is totally outside gameplay itself.  Intentionally crippling a game so the player can't do something simple and basic is not an improvement, people!Not only that, but at a higher level I have to question just what the heck the game's designers were thinking.  Clearly, one of their objectives was to convey the horribly arbitrary and irrevocable nature of loss in wartime.  But is that really appropriate here?  Yes, having a character ""die like a dog for no good reason"" evokes anger, frustration and helplessness -- but is that really what you want to experience when you play a video game?!?  Sure, you have to penalize the player in certain situations, but there are any number of ways to do that without permanently screwing up their game.What makes it worse is that death comes in a manner that is arbitrary not just by the standards of war -- which one might at least defend on principle -- but also by the standards of video games.  For example, one time I was scavenging a church, but had absolutely no intention of doing anything bad.  I was just looking around, minding my own business, when suddenly, going from one room to the next, I crossed some invisible barrier into Forbidden Territory, and henceforth the priest (!) and his flock proceeded to beat my character to death *with their bare hands*!  Now I know that you're not allowed in that room.  But is that really worth effectively ending my game over?  If you're going to force the player to learn by trial and error (itself a questionable design choice), it's unforgivable to also make them have to start the game over from the beginning after a faliure.  That's bush league stuff.There are a lot of things to like about this game: the resource collection and crafting mechanics are superb; the ""pencil-shaded"" graphics are perfect for the mood; and the feeling of constantly being on the edge of disaster even after hours of gameplay is really well done.  But that one missing feature is just too frustrating for me to want to keep playing anymore.So by all means: go ahead and buy it.  You'll probably enjoy it for at least several hours.  But I'm betting that sooner or later you'll want to throw something heavy against the wall and move on to a game whose primary objective isn't to depress and frustrate you."
76561198004170236,Not Recommended,282070,13419415,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mike Ol' Mana,"This is the first Survival game i've played. The music is terrible, one track only. This game should talk about the problem of staying alive during the war but it's very unrealistic. Also, the bonuses of the characters look like a mistery... without a guide you would never fully understand what their skills do. The fighting mechanism is horrible.pro: atmospherecon: read above"
76561197964986430,Not Recommended,282070,13199327,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Necro,"Overpriced in my opinion. Half-entertaining for a day maybe (plays like a bunch of free flash games, but lacks long term motivation). The game was basically hyped too much for a few days.The gameplay is pretty limited, random characters and locations did not happen in my case (only one or two different locations were changing on a restart). The game is too punishing to play it without reading the solutions on the internet (e.g. on the wiki). Which takes away the surprise when playing. There is one optimal solution for most situations, which you need to know beforehand to optimize your play through.I would not recommend to buy this, even though the graphics look quite nice for a side-scroller."
76561198137564765,Not Recommended,282070,24286765,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,P@NDA,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄TWOM ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198036174061,Not Recommended,282070,13667570,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,trever930,I loved the concept but the gameplay is just too slow for my taste. Getting characters to do anything feels like it takes forever.
76561198232585072,Not Recommended,282070,28882288,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Deets,"DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME!!!, It crashes way to much and i've tried evrything save your money, unless you want to punish this game by letting it collect dust"
76561198085838527,Not Recommended,282070,13216101,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kruse,Pretty bad game overall. Wasted way too much time and money. ZERO replay value. It is literally the same ♥♥♥♥ing game over and over again.
,Not Recommended,282070,32642606,Posted: 22 June,all,Camo4th,"Looks fun, might be fun, just not for me."
76561198344146383,Not Recommended,282070,32908084,Posted: 27 June,all,VIPFYI,"This game looked so cool. Was supper excited about it, and got it on the steam sale.First thing I see is the ""f"" word. I don't want to have to see that every time I start up this gameTo play. Returning this game. Too bad they have that, this game looked awesome."
76561197986476296,Not Recommended,282070,13282630,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,minigotte,"The game is original and good looking, but far too easy, depressing and very repetitive."
,Not Recommended,282070,13443918,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Confusion,"NO NO NO NO, Game is complete crap do not buy this ive only played it for a bit but omfg! 1st off point and clickand 2nd you die near immedetly. I honestly have been trying to get a refund on this peice of crap!"
76561198039868937,Not Recommended,282070,13370315,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,vendiblebread,"the combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor and the game has like 5characters some with god awful atributes, unreal trading aspects its like 50cigarettes for a can of food"
76561198079470235,Not Recommended,282070,13671913,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spitzy,This war is not mine.
,Not Recommended,282070,34844804,Posted: 9 September,all,Rigel,"Unplayable.Edit: what not helpful????? Well, let me explain it better then. The game is UN - ♥♥♥♥ING - PLAYABLE!There.I hope that helps to clarify things."
76561198049920790,Not Recommended,282070,13630077,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,xgatorx,Tedious and boring.  Cheap graphics.  Biggest waste of money on a game I have ever spent.
76561198070935335,Not Recommended,282070,13280220,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Sid239,"Is this really a game? Is there any fun to be had? or just a soul crushing interesting experience to consider as entertainment. It is going to make you feel bad and absorb the consequences of your actions. It exists as a piece of indie expression.  But definitively interesting, just not sure about the $ value [Sorry my modest opinion]"
76561197990361147,Not Recommended,282070,13302441,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HighRoller,20 dollar flash game with minimal content and no replay value.thumbs down
,Not Recommended,282070,32635517,Posted: 21 June,all,Genon,"You can't win, you loose anyone you make a connection with, its just about getting your changing cast through a series of prodictible chalenges. Got it for the story and the sadness of loosing a person, not for the 100% death rate and randomly generated stupidness."
76561197996380508,Not Recommended,282070,12999803,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rigel7,"Despite this review being a negative review, the first thing I want to say is that this game is a good game and you should play this game. In fact, I highly encourage you to. What this review is negative about are the controls, game mechanics and the general fact that the game plays like a lazy port from a tablet game to a PC game.It seems to me from the outset that 11bit studios intended to release this game on mobile/tablet devices, but they ended up with something too good so they decided to go for a PC release, without updating or changing control schemes. Their experience with the excellent reverse-tower defense game Anomaly for Android devices supports this idea.The controls of the game involve you clicking around the screen to direct the characters to do certain tasks such as scavenge, cook, trade, move and actually pretty much everything. The control scheme is such that it would work very nicely if played on a tablet device. Your mouse doesn't even have it's own unique cursor in-game, which does detract from the experience.However, as intuitive as the controls are, the scheme really lets itself down when it comes to combat and stealth. Character pathfinding in this game can often result in you running right next to enemies or your character freezing up so they don't move and end up being killed. I know the game stresses that ""you are not an elite soldier"", but these sort of deaths due to the control scheme feel cheap and unfair.OVerall, I want to stress that this IS a good game. Perhaps it's one of the most effective games in portraying warfare realistically out there. BUt keep in mind that it still is just a glorified tablet game."
,Not Recommended,282070,29228545,Posted: 13 January,all,Chef Michael Smith,"Some gay people keep talking about how the theme is powerful and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but really it's just a cheap resource-scarce management game done in pencil-shading. Would have refunded, but I don't think the system was in place yet when I bought it."
,Not Recommended,282070,13532818,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lord Filip,no
76561198089715696,Not Recommended,282070,30744949,Posted: 26 March,all,Celtic_Wolf,Stupid and depressing why do people find this hipster garbage enjoyable?
76561197996902930,Not Recommended,282070,32639561,Posted: 22 June,all,lipotnun,"The game is EXTREMELY slow. Practically most of the time you will wait while some character is walking somewhere. Nearly impossible to manage food supply, even if you VERY SLOWLY collect or make ingridients someone will raid you and you lose everything. The idea is very good though, just the game itself not enjoyable. Played a few hours and got nowhere, just the characters slowly dying."
,Not Recommended,282070,23746873,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jammies,this game is really sad and really hard... but kudos to how intricate it is and how realistic it is???i'm thumbs-downing it bc ... it's really sad ... and sort of frustrating how it's so hard to stay alive?? but like that's TOTALLY just me. maybe i was just really bad at the game.if u get sad easily ... prob don't play this game??but like!! the game is really intricate and realistic and i really really respect the programmers for all the amazing work they put into it. it's just like so sad i can't tho lol
,Not Recommended,282070,23330294,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Chubyone,"One of the most overrated game all times.You craft stuff by day.You steal stuff by night, but always only one guy.And again, again... But!Most of time you don\'t get enough to build what you need.Most of time the guys are sick or hurted an just do nothing.As you do, except click and wait.In the end its slow paced point & click  crafting game, not that much realistic."
76561198058618065,Not Recommended,282070,30178857,Posted: 25 February,all,Enzo_TheSniperDoggy,Such a boring game and the only thing that makes it difficult is the luck aspect of your players being killed when you sent them out.
76561198017932068,Not Recommended,282070,13310168,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,rukkirääk,"Beneath pathetic cover of how bad war is (sic!) this game has nothing at all: gameplay is simple and boring, controls are non-intuitive, cartoon characters' stories causes only a yawn."
76561198036374696,Not Recommended,282070,32516625,Posted: 17 June,all,koralgoll,"There was no tutorial on how to pick up a fight, so my man was killed because I didn't know what to do. I can't go back to previous save because there is no option for it. That makes me angry..."
76561198031691910,Not Recommended,282070,13015745,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Toki,"This time and resource management game presents itself quite well. It does so with an engaging atmosphere, good graphics, excellent music, and an interesting premise. It falls so hard on its face when it comes to controls and game play that it leaves a crater where an otherwise excellent game would be.Saving anywhere but the beginning of each day, and the lack of a tutorial or guide can be attributed to game design. The core of the game is really the scavenging portion, with time at your base used primarily to build things from your scavenged materials and feeding/resting your group. While scavenging you can only bring one of your normally several survivors. This is fine, since controlling more than one in real time would be problematic. The actual game play is a different story. The primary mechanic of enemies detecting you is noise, which is presented with a cool water ripple visual distortion. One might assume this indicates how far away people can hear certain actions as things like running present a larger circle of distortion around your avatar. This is sadly not the case as people far away and with closed doors between can still hear any of the “louder” actions.In addition to the audio trouble, the AI's visual detection range seems to be wildly inconsistent. Sometimes they can see you across the screen while facing the other direction. Other times you will walk directly up to them and they will show no response until you try to pass. These are all somewhat minor and workable aspects to a still good game.The part that really breaks the game and makes all the other omissions glaring enough to ruin the experience is the combat. While combat can be very rare if you use a certain play style, it seems to be inevitable as you progress. And you will hate it. Not only does the HUD provide very little in the way of information, your character never really responds in the way you expect them to. Your cursor will switch to a crosshair while in combat and hovering over enemies. Sometimes it will be gray, and other times red. Sometimes, regardless of crosshair color, you will shoot your gun or use your melee attack. Other times you will run or walk at the enemy only be be gunned down.You may instead click the icon that tells your avatar to run to the exit automatically, or try to run away and guide it away from danger. It will do so. Then your avatar will stop mid run, ignore all your commands for a full 30 seconds while the enemy shoots you. Then it will die. Then the game auto saves. Then you uninstall it for wasting 8 hours on 4 playthroughs and having your scavenger die to the same thing every time: Poor controls and bad game play."
,Not Recommended,282070,32841427,Posted: 26 June,all,Nope,"♥♥♥♥ss it!!!!!♥♥♥♥ is a bad word, and why it is sensored?!"
,Not Recommended,282070,32406735,Posted: 14 June,all,Thranduil the Fabulous,Horrible it doesnt even work
76561198011873967,Not Recommended,282070,12972593,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Killa_Lawnchair,"Cool concept and defintely has a good survival feel to it but after a while it's just repetive as can be. You can only send one person to collect goods from a location at a time so literally on your first run you can go in take everyone out and then you just keep going back and filling your rather small inventory over and over til that locations empty then it's on to the next. I've probably started over a dozen times and it seems as long as you can get past the first 7 days then its just do the same thing over and over until who knows what. Combat is also very odd, could be a lot better. All in all I think maybe after an update with some minor changes it could be a lot better but I'd wait til it goes on sale. Seems bug free on Mac though so kudos there."
76561198066594911,Not Recommended,282070,13146421,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,king gay,"i like this game i do but i cant play it buy cause the combt is so bad i know its not about fighting but it si kinda broken it just shouldnt be in the game becuase it doesnt even work, one of my brg problms  is the charters lack common scence. so picture this a man yells ""im going to kill you"" then he runs at you with a knife, you have a shovel adn ontop of that your a foot ball player and are in prime condition. the man has a knife and you have a shovel what would you do un less you want to die youde probly hir him with the shovel befor he got close enough to stab you, right? but not in this game just ♥♥♥♥ing stand there even after i accualy told my charter to attack the man attempting to stab me he stood there and got stabed like 5 times befor accualy listing to me and hiting him with the shovel and after that he stod there again and got stabed to death."
76561198052359391,Not Recommended,282070,32613700,Posted: 21 June,all,Hydraxil,"When I used to run this game, This War of Mine worked perfectly on this computer.  Now, the game crashes every time.  I really would love to recommend this game but until the game works on my PC, I cannot recommend this to anyone.  Please do something.  I will change when This War of Mine works again."
76561198018721218,Not Recommended,282070,13042172,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,LongJohnathan,"This game starts you off with 3 or sometimes even 4 characters, you are start in a house filled with rubble which most rooms need cleared by removing it and it takes a long time without a shovel, your characters aren't tough or even know how to survive because once out scavenging if you even get punched they act like you got shot in the stomach, this game is fun for the first or second play through of it (how ever many weeks you live then start again) but then it just get's very repetetive, i went to all the locations evnen on different play throughs and the same people in the same place doing the same thing were there, it's far too hard to trade with the trader who comes to your house sometimes, even for 1 bandage alone it would've costed me an AK47 and a lot of bullets along with multiple pieces of wood or scrap metal, trading on this game just simply cannot be done unless you are in dier need of medical supplies or food and if you steal anything from any location pretty much your fellow survivors somehow hear about it and if you even kill anyone who didn't attack you (besides a soldier) they get very depressed and you are unable to move them around.Pro's* fresh new survival game*large areas to scavenge*depressing yet good sound trackCons*Repetetive gameplay such as fighting and building new things in your house*unable to have more than 4-5 characters*unable to live in different locations*unable to trade without giving away half of your groups items*unable to scavenge with 1 other survivor*fellow survivors get sad too much*locations have the same AI every play through and no changes happen if you revisit a locationI'd only recommend this game if it went on sale for $10.00"
76561198043947635,Not Recommended,282070,13030671,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Kamui,"Maybe it's just me but I found the game lacked content and is boringly linear. I can't trade with people I want to trade with and I instead have to steal/murder, sure sometimes that is what you gotta do but other times it would have been easier for us to just trade.I expected more.Great art design though."
,Not Recommended,282070,13155446,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Qpid,Needs a manual save function. Pass on it unless they add that feature.
76561197973279150,Not Recommended,282070,13044577,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Winston_77,"I would like to recommend this game. I really like the idea to show other part of the war, part which is not shown in games and little shown in movies. Especially now, when Russia acts so aggressively with active support for civil war. I would like to like it. But I can't.Whatever you do, you lose anyway, sooner or latter, but will lose.I can understand game maker willingness to show “how the war actually is”. I agree, that in war everyone loses, but still, why to make game (GAME!!!) so depressed.You will lose because:-	You can’t know or figure out best solution (no advices or explanations);-	You can’t replay if made wrong decision (you can’t try and learn, because for every mistake (try) you die. Dead people is dead.;-	For every bad decision game AI will make you pay;-	For every good decision game AI will ALSO make you pay;-	Game is not teaching you how to survive (to win) in such situation. It is only showing you that in war everybody loses and most likely you will die whatever you do.I would like to like this game. But it must be changed a bit. No, it should not be funny or silly optimistic, bat there should be:-	Option for save games, so you can replay day (or night) in better way;-	More advisory tips and explanations;-	More explanations for consequences of actions made;-	Controls which actually work;-	Game speed controls (+/- time);-	Possibility to change to some easier mode.p.s. I have more than 10h on record, but steam is only showing online time. :)"
76561197985159091,Not Recommended,282070,13134398,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bambi,"repetitive even after the first night !  not for the action gammer ..  but here is my 20$  keep making games !!!  It must be very challenging for gamers who love that style .  I have played one hour   ,,not for me ,,"
,Not Recommended,282070,13107895,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,mzdspd,"I've been playing this for a few weeks, trying my hardest to get into it. I haven't felt a character connection like some of the other reviews have said they felt. Maybe something is lost in translation (literally and figuratively). I love the concept and the dark imagery. Its a brutal place and you do feel that, I am just tired of dealing with whiny refugees. I want to recommend this game, but I wish I passed."
76561198064155293,Not Recommended,282070,13094946,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,DarkFlameMaster,"I understand the message and lore that they attempt to get across... Just NO!The game doesn't speak volumes of any kind. In all honesty the attempt is bland and ridiculous. (Maybe I am heartless?)I didn't get any feels whatsoever.Overall, if I had to relate this game to any ""WAR"" it would be that of BABYSITTING. The Bio for each character should read, ""*Name here* used to be a *Insert Occupation Here* blah blah blah... at the strike of midnight he/she turned into a big♥♥♥♥♥baby. I don't recommend any1 buy this game. Instead, play it from your brothers shared library like I did. :DTLDR; The game is a POS Melodramatic Soap Opera with a luck of the draw type of gameplay. Play The Sims instead."
76561198158271925,Not Recommended,282070,13064394,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mack,"Not sure what this game is about.  Is it to encourage prepping or to scare people about war.  There is no winning the game.  There is no saving the game or returning to a previous point.  If you don't like where you are at, you must start over.  You receive a random group when you begin - of three or sometimes four characters.  You send out a scavenger each night while the remainder sleep or guard your building.  You can make things with what you scavange to improve your life.  However, your characters have little inner strength and get depressed, feel guilty for scavenging, get mad at each other, or just take off with what they can carry.  When the characters are doing okay, you have random robbers come by while you are scavenging.  The game tells you what the results of their 'visits' are - but you have no control.  This is not really what most people would think of as a game.  It is more like some kind of statement by the origninator.  Not worth the money.  The base is there to make an enjoyable game, but it hasn't been developed."
,Not Recommended,282070,13009891,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,sotha chill,"i appreciate the atomasphere of this game, i really do.but the game mechanics (especially the combat) just kills the game for me. i know combat is not the focus of this game, but when someone is trying to rip you apart with a knife and the only way to not lose a vital party member is to click violently and rely on random chance that either you or the other person will hit first is absolutely terrible. its to the point where melee weapons are not viable whatsoever as combat seems extraordinarily random and unreliable.*honestly, perhaps it was just my preconcieved notions but i intended to be a raider, stealing all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥to deck out my hovel with all sorts of fancy stuff. but the combat is poor, deliberate or not, and it forces me to play a set path in mind by the game developers.i have no problem playing a peaceful family of sappy homeless people, as that is quite realistic, but it sucks i cant take advantage of the situation and effectively do what raiders do to my home every night. i suppose that would be 'fun' and enjoyable, but dont think the devs wanted their game to be 'fun.' 20$ is expensive for a game that is only out to make a point, and isn't very enjoyable. unless you enjoy endless clicking to preform menial tasks that make you wait extended periods of time, and a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor stealth system."
76561198017037285,Not Recommended,282070,13075275,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,jm,Game is very tedious and frustrating at times. It is a bad idea to have a random number generator determine so much in a game that denotes the difference between life and death for your characters. What do I mean? Random number generators determine if you are robbed at night and what is taken as well as animal traps. One game you will hardly have to guard and will have tons of food. The next game your traps never catch anything and bandits raid you daily and take that one vital item you really needed.
,Not Recommended,282070,13051336,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,krandall3,"(this review is meant for the recreational gamer, like me)  It is definitely an interesting game.  A couple of the most popular reviews that I read are accurate.  This game is meant to be difficult and unforgiving (which is why I dont recommend it).  The concept of a town beseiged with rebels, military, bandits, those others trying to survive is a difficult situation (which is why the game is hard).  Difficulties of the game that dont make it enjoyable:-You are allowed only one scavenger at night (hard to get decent amount of resources, and nearly impossible to take on more than one enemy).-Depending on how your world spawns, certain material that is essental to survival will be very difficult to find (either bullets, bandages, food, something will be scarce).-The way NPC's move around make it very difficult to get to the good loot in a place.  If your caught, you will prob be shot, possibly die.-At some point the safe places to loot wil dry up (the world spawns with a descrete amount of resources, once taken it's gone) leaving only places that have threats but really good loot available (like ""huge amount of food, or meds, or parts"")  The prob with these places are there are two ""halves"" of a map, the first half has crap loot, and the second half has the good stuff with a handful of enemy's making rounds (then the above point comes into play).-Some NPC's can one hit kill from a different floor throught a stairwell as your character is full speed running across.-The trading system is not meant to be a serious part getting resources, just a last ditch effort for something you really need.  For example a trader will not trade one bullet for one bullet, you must give up two bullets for his one bullet.  This was done with a character that had strength in trading.Basically, for the recreational gamer, this game badly needs a difficulty setting.  For those like me that play recreationally, when we play we expect to have a good time (not a time of constantly being frustrated, and annoyed) and to make progess.  This game is good for those who dont mind playing hours on end trying different things just to see if it gets you a little farther.  For those like me you need a game that give success without having to play 20+ times over (which takes the game from interesting to montonous) pass this one up, even though it looks really interesting."
76561197995145777,Not Recommended,282070,23330652,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,DKH,Glorified iphone game
,Not Recommended,282070,13064022,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,eb,"Buggy, exploitable, melodramatic - and the developers like to grovel for publicity, as evidenced by a forum thread begging players to get the attention of one specific, insufferable celebrity streamer. As of now it's a half-finished early access title with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥marketing plan. It's good enough and playable enough right now, but I wouldn't have purchased it if I knew I was going to have to test it, balance it and promote it."
76561197970339445,Not Recommended,282070,13086520,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,++,Finally a game which shows the negative side of war and conflict! Sadly it quickly gets dull. Give it a try once it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,282070,13045213,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Locrin,"Bunch of pansy♥♥♥♥♥survivors that do nothing but mope around. Gameplay is slow as hell and not fun or interesting. This could just as well have been a visual novel where you literally just clicked ""next""."
,Not Recommended,282070,32747760,Posted: 24 June,all,The Last Mimmer,"this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, it doesnt even work and nobody has the same problem as me so oh ♥♥♥♥ing well nice waste of cash -5/10"
76561198035767308,Not Recommended,282070,13084729,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,lucasnerymorais,"The game is good, it's worth the price.... BUT, it crashes a lot of time during your play and that's verry annoying . since the auto saving is in the beginning of the day so you have to restart everything again...So i don't recommend this game due to that"
76561198145543134,Not Recommended,282070,12982287,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SmashingBumpkins,"Good... but ends totally prematurely!I was just getting our shelter up and running with loads of upgrades to the house to go. Everyone was sick and I was on the brink of losing everyone and then I found a massive stash of meds... Was coming back to distribute and planning a day of furniture smashing for heat when the game, just... ended!I had barely touched on all the places it's possible to get to, not upgraded my workshop, not grown a vegetable patch or anything.Good, but the war ends after 30 days. So make the most of it."
76561197961216025,Not Recommended,282070,25418981,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,T-killa,this is not the type of game that I thought it would be. The controles were not so great and it is very repetitive. feels like a COD zombie game but without the good gameplay
,Not Recommended,282070,26698432,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,black and white for no reason
76561197991598380,Not Recommended,282070,13102804,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GamerGawd,Depressing. Dont buy this game if you're looking for a good time; it doesn't have it.
76561198078573009,Not Recommended,282070,25434809,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,HYPNOTICA420X,"This Game is a snowflakes dream of what war is. I've never asked for a refund before on steam, but i guess there's a first for everything. there was massive hype over this game and now that i've finally played it, i can see that it was all just part of the SJW culture that almost ruined gaming about 2 years ago.This game is a slow version of the oregon trail minus the long travel. the graphics aren't good, the micro management is over the top and the ""war is always bad"" message that it has brainwashed into the idiots who love this game is astounding.a big F you to the developers of this game and i'm glad you won't see a cent of my money."
76561198027580964,Not Recommended,282070,13000477,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ahdamnit,"1- The controls suck.  My scavenger had to let a woman get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because the game wouldn't let me equip or use the gun I had in my inventory, and yes I had the right kind of bullets for it.2- No way to deselect a person so that you are targeting no one.  If all are doing something then make sure not to click on the wrong thing by accident.  It's annoying to acccidently click on the wrong spot and have someone who was previously doing something now standing accross the the map on the other side.3-  Few of the character's abilities seem to be useful in anyway.4-  Get everything built and there's abolutely nothing to do during the day but wait for night so you can go on that one scavenger run regardless of whether or not you had enough time to go out on another. Sending two people out to one or more places?  Blasphemy!  There simply isn't enough to do in this game.5- No danger at all durning the days.  They become pretty much useless after feeding and putting your tired people to sleep in the first hour or so once you get done building what you are going to.6- The NPCs are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Go into the hospital or anyplace and it doesn't matter if you have done anything to warrent being killed, or even anything at all, they'll still murder you all the while screaming bandit.  If you do the unthinkable and actually defend yourself from all of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/scum then you are the bad guy.  You cannot win in this game no matter what actions you take unless you restrict yourself from going into most of the places, then you are just dead beacuse your supplies just ran out.   Sorry, try again.7- If you want to like this game or play it for very long then you should be prepared to be the bad guy.  Because regardless of what you do you are already guilty before you even do anything bad."
76561198034881581,Not Recommended,282070,12975514,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Connor,"I personally got bored, because there is no winning. (which is stated) Base-building is cool and all but unless you have the proper supplies which means giving up food supplies, it is rather hard to build effectively. Due to this, limited capactity of backpack, and the fact you can only send one scavenger it becomes quite difficult to thrive. To the game's defense, I believe that is the point but I guess I didn't fully understand. Personally I would like the developers allow for more than one scavenger to go out at night and collect resources. This will allow for better builds while also limiting protection of your base thus there are pros and cons but makes the game better, in my opinion. SO I recommend the game for those who like to micro manage every tideous detail to the letter, otherwise wait until a sale.Also, I understand the game can come to a conclusion but that does not mean winning. The game will end eventually but you don't win, you survive; completely different concepts. Winning is something where you should feel good about but in this game they suggest the opposite which isn't my cup of tea. On the other hand this is the game's purpose, to show the other side of war where one thinks twice of what they did to ""win"". Again not the same, surviving is where you do anything to live, there is no winners or losers, just survivors in war; especially if you are a civilian. In the game's defense this was the purpose to show everyone the other side of war, the NOT FUN side. Regardless of this there are some improvements mentioned in my original post that can make this game more enjoyable, as it stands its a trip down a dark, dark, unforgiving alley, with some shady characters lying around the corner."
,Not Recommended,282070,32847534,Posted: 27 June,all,freiheit ist nicht frei,boo hoo war truly is hell ;(((yeah whatever LOL
76561198126683615,Not Recommended,282070,13093250,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MGreenland777,sucks♥♥♥♥♥ dont spend the 20 bucks.
76561198054959782,Not Recommended,282070,12959974,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,sango213,"Several points to be made about this game1. Interesting concept. Seeing the other side of war is intriguing.2. It has a simplistic, yet interesting crafting system.3. The sense of needing to survive is pretty intense.4. It's combat sucks a**. You click to attack, and hope that you hit before your enemy. You will die, unless they are unarmed. I mean, I can understand a brutal, and punishing combat system if either a) you could use skill to avoid damage, or b) you could go stealth, which brings me to my next point5. The stealth system sucks a**. You literally have no indication as to whether you've been spotted or not until they shoot you...even when you're in the cover, you can be shot at. Sometimes they run, sometimes they warn you as they attack, and sometimes, they just sit there for a minute, and then attack you.5b. You can see the sound they make, and that's suppose to allow you to sneak by them, but they move so fast compared to you while sneaking that it's quite pointless. There is also almost nothing that seems to block line of sight, meaning, if they are anywhere near you, you will get spotted, and die.6. No tutorial, nor did it explain anything. So, for the first 10-15 minutes, you'll be walking around your house, rather than running. No key binding list, so you can't check that either. You see that your guys are sick? Well, good thing it tells you what that is affecting...right? No, it doesn't. Nor does it tell you whether your ""Good cook"" attribute actually does anything. From what I've seen it doesn't.7. No ability to speed up time. You can skip to night, or run back to camp, but you can't speed up time. So, sit there for 8 hours while your people sleep before they can do anything.8. Really gets dull after a while. The guy who keeps carrying tons of boards and parts and food, and that nonsense seems to never bulk up, and can't even carry any more than before.9. Never leave your guns with your defenders. They will use every last bit of your ammo in each damned defence. Why? ♥♥♥♥ if I know. Maybe to make sure you can never use guns? Can you lock the defenders from using weapons? Not from what I've seen.10. It's graphics are decent. And how characters are visibly different based on whether or not they are injured, or bandaged, or sad, makes it fairly unique.11. The menu....is lacking a lot. I mean, a whole lot. It is a 2D game, so it doesn't need a bunch, but I think there's only 3 or 4 items in the menu outside of ""Exit Game""In the end, decent idea, but you can spend your money so much better at pretty much - ANY - other game, because it's combat and stealth kills it. And I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,282070,12988200,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,J.McIntosh,"Ultimately I love this game, but....(Oh no! The dreaded""but""!)Combat is absoluetly horrible in this game, melee especially, sh!t happens at random and chance and requires no skill so you could fu(king lose a guy over being stunned with no chance to attack, I lost a guy rapidly clicking as fu(king fast as I could and he managed to shank me 3 times in a row after I got 1 hit in on him....It really does pi$s you off in a game about surviving and something is based off of ""chance"" rather than skill that your slow a$s character actually responds fast enough to counter-attack.Obviously I do like the game, I survived/played long enough to reach 41 days until I made my last desperate push to go raid the hospital for meds I needed to make the useless Nanny healthy again just so I wouldn't lose. I come back with all the sh!t I needed and she's dead...Oh well, and ole' bruno hung himself because he's a pus$y and Pavle is worse...He's the one quickest to become saddened by devious actions...well if you think you can handle the ""chance"" bu|lsh!t buy it."
76561198045864243,Not Recommended,282070,12976483,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[LOST] Spedsnaz,"It was fun at first but after a few replays it is just getting boaring. I like some the ideas the games have and use but others like the fact that you can't save and its only auto save is frustrating. There is no tutorial at all which means you learn from have to do a few replays, I understand the game isn't suppose to be easy but even a simple tutorial would have been nice especially for the combat system. Its an alright game but its fun burns out real quickly."
,Not Recommended,282070,12996490,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ScofieldX,"There's still a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bugs that need to be fixed, such as the crashing.. Can't even minizime the game, without it crashing too.. Def need to work on those, overall gameplay I'll rate it as 7/10 - I'll re rate it once you guys fix the amount of crashes through out the game."
76561197977763567,Not Recommended,282070,12973372,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BΛRBΛ,"Very nice game, but TOO SHORT!!!In one day you can finish it! A few contructions possibilites and upgrades. The A.I. are kind dummy, you can easily kill every one..Nice game, but expensive for the short time..."
76561198062972690,Not Recommended,282070,12995742,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TriggerWarning595,"Got to day 15 and scavenger died due to combat controls. The only button is click so if you get 5 pixels off he runs into open fire instead of shooting. Other than that needs a tutorial, the game sucks when you get into it and die because you don't know how to play."
,Not Recommended,282070,12977380,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Slaanesh,"Lot of atmosfere, not much of a game. Overpriced.UPD: Finished it. There is no story, you just need to ""survive"" (meaning doing supply runs) 43 days. And all you get is big letters WAR IS OVER. Seriously?"
76561197970537402,Not Recommended,282070,13002684,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Gabriot,"While I appreciate the message it is trying to send, I simply cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone.  It is borderline unplayable.I have put less than 5 hrs into this game and it's already crashed a good 10 times on me.  And even when it doesn't crash, the gameplay itself is pretty buggy, hit detection is off and the game just doesn't seem to know how to save progress.  Even if I leave a game voluntarily by navigating the menu (which is by far less often than being forced out due to a crash) the game simply doesn't pick up where you left off, it's always a day or two behind, which is infinitely frustrating and completely takes you out of the game and makes you not want to play anymore.The game itself was promising, but I just spent 20 dollars on easily one of the most broken games I've ever had the misfortune of playing.  This is unaccaptable for a game you charge money for, and it is not in early access anymoore so this is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,282070,12989352,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Weebus Maximus,The game won't load past the main menu. It crashes at every start new game. Amd r9 290x CF and FX8350. Will re review if crash issue is fixed.
76561198026929000,Not Recommended,282070,12981399,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Anode,this is a a reli addicive game but its to short so not worth the £15 price tag i was reli dissapionted when the game ended and i still had lots of things to build and still half of the locations to loot. I dont understand why it wasnt just continuous.
,Not Recommended,282070,23754433,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Oscaruzzo,"Played for about one hour. No introduction, no tutorial, no manual. WTF am I supposed to do? I don't even get what the objective of this game is. Asked for refund."
76561197995804725,Not Recommended,282070,12975597,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ruitan,"This is a viciously difficult game, it has PERMA-DEATH! If you lose one of your characters, he's gone. And it's not like in Original War where you get like 16 guys. No, you only have 3, you lose one, he's gone.What kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is this? My guy can't swing a crowbar at a hobo? It looked really interesting, now it just looks like a♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Oh and it only saves when you start a new ""day"", so forget about recovering.People, stop designing this permadeath crap, this is supposed to be a video game. What, I can't even go to the day before? X-COM has that feature ffs!Waste of money."
76561197967284118,Not Recommended,282070,12956457,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Bork Bork,The art is nice but it is boring as hell. Combat is terrible. Wait for it to go on sale.
,Not Recommended,282070,32552932,Posted: 18 June,all,Opertion OVERLORD,i wasted my money on this game
76561198018733848,Not Recommended,282070,12948152,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dead_eye,"I'm on day 25, and i've been forcing myself to play. Everything seems so repetitive and its actually quite difficult. Maybe its just not my type of game, but i do not reccomend."
76561198157634104,Not Recommended,282070,12945185,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,YAMETE!,Waste of money. Game isnt good I dont see why people hype it up. Game was game got even worst when i actually turned my monitor on...
,Recommended,282070,30399859,Posted: 8 March,all,Trill Chains,Great game having alot of fun with this
76561198083235415,Recommended,282070,18386910,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,thedonser93,"This game is amazing, one of the best games I've played to date.Be prepared to make terrible decisions for your group. Some will die some will go mad. Remember you CANT save everyone.."
,Recommended,282070,18388133,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Oven?,"Despite the fact that Marko was a whining piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥who was constantly broken while his two friends were either severly or lethally wounded for over a week, I still somehow managed to survive the war and have fun doing it."
76561198004889096,Recommended,282070,18388597,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,march,"Hello, i would just like to say to anyone thinking of buying TWOM, buy it,especially at the reduced price at present, ok i have put in a few hours, and i have really enjoyed playing TWOM, To all the people from the beginning who posted real good reviews,guides and hints, cheers to you all- because i found it a little tough at the start , so it was good to get a hint or 2! and now we have another xtension-brilliant can now play other peoples stories.I found a lot of good dark humour,thought provoking scenarios, etc,- master the combat, use stealth and eventually choose the right people,and then like me lol- take revenge on the bandits. If you get stuck there is help via the guides etc. Go Well and SURVIVE."
76561198034229598,Recommended,282070,30425200,Posted: 10 March,all,Ozelotls Hero,One of the best games I have ever played.Dont miss to buy this game on sale --> it's definitely worth it!
76561198062486048,Recommended,282070,30381763,Posted: 7 March,all,NiKi DL,"Recommended. I won't lie... Playing this game for a considerable duration made me downright depressed. But I just can't stop playing!!! The thing is, the more you play, the better you get. Then the goal will be to beat the days your people stay alive. There are also unexpected occurances that require a bit of strategy, such as do you allow a member of your group to leave the safehouse to help someone else? Adding the kids was a plus. I like the community sharing. I would like to see some struggle at the safehouse when there are breaches."
76561198017238460,Recommended,282070,30459623,Posted: 11 March,all,Hraklea,"Fun, challenging, and it has a good replayability. Solid game for its price. (and it has gamepad support!)My only complain is that it crashes when I alt+tab sometimes."
76561198134195200,Recommended,282070,30458104,Posted: 11 March,all,Neuromancer,This game is like a Balkans Oregon Trail. Except you don't go anywhere and everyone dies from Typhoid. This game has a brutal learning curve but is worth the time and early setbacks. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,282070,30080968,Posted: 21 February,all,mr.Ghost,Depressing
,Recommended,282070,30467474,Posted: 12 March,all,Thiti,Realistic af
76561198024381549,Recommended,282070,21355597,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Wyrdwolf,"Saw total biscuit do a video on this game, sounded interesting, looked interesting, and it was a very positive, yet fair, review. Eventually got the game when I had a couple ££ to spare, and I have to say I love the game, it is very well thought out, the game developers achieve exactly what they were aiming to do with this game, the music is remiesant of s.t.a.l.k.e.r so take what you will from that, the graphical style of the game is very sharp yet artistic in it's use of a black/white/grey tones (and with fow in a pencil sketch faded/shaded out kind of way), the setting is sombre, it dose not glorify war at all, every action you take has consequences, the point of this game is to have the player think about the reality of war, what would you do, how would you behave, as your survivers each weave their own stories based on your actions against their personalities, and various tidbits of information you discover that paints a much larger picture of a city under siege in a civil war, and so it is best to play as yourself.I personally would consider this to be an educational game - you may, or maynot agree. This game will provide a good challange to anyone, just trying not to loose anyone is difficult, certain game mechanics are there for balance and realism, such as only being able to build 2 rodent traps for catching food (if you could build more then that then the challenage, feel, and mood set the game creates, would be drastically reduced), you're not soliders (except for that 1 guy) so you'll be crap at fighting but still capable of it, however it's never recommended and just best not to get caught in a place you're not welcome in, everything else you'll figure out when playing the game, if you like Fallout Shelter you'll find some familiarity here.Now there is one or two little bugs I come accross, but very very minor, one is the sound will disappare for a moment, but only a moment, the other is the game will freeze for a second, neither bug breaks the game and happen so little they don't even register as an annoyance (to me anyway).Lastly, the developers have teamed up with the charity War Child, for the DLC in particular the proceeds go to them, it's a worthy cause, the developers didn't have to do that, but there you go, get the game, get the DLC, and you get some great art out of it as a thankyou.p.s. If you get the dlc pay the most you can afford at the time, the dlc is tiered and it all offers the same content regardless of what you donate, however once you purchase it on any tier you can't purchase any of the other tiers unless as a gift to someone on steam because it's not actually seperated dlc, I had planned on getting the highest tier as I could now afford it, after getting a lower tier because I could only afford that at the time, only to find that I wasn't able to.. otherwise you can donate to the charity directly, but it's nice getting the artwork dlc to go with the game."
,Recommended,282070,21369129,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Lublu Seledkina,Everything is really good. But add miltiplayer plz
76561197995419751,Recommended,282070,30443765,Posted: 11 March,all,Osakasan,"It's one of these grindy games, where you just can't let go, because it's got a firm grip on your heartstrings.Not for the faint of heart.Love it."
76561198304023422,Recommended,282070,30441913,Posted: 11 March,all,SuperSleekElite,Fantastic!!
,Recommended,282070,29547230,Posted: 28 January,all,Drakoneous,"Not much to say about this game. It's awesome!It's very rare that I find myself getting emotionally involved with a cast of characters in a game, but in this game you almost cant help it!Good replay value too!"
76561198353644385,Recommended,282070,29547328,Posted: 28 January,all,garrettsmithback,Its a good game but i cant get past day 4 with out the game crashing so im disapointed
76561197992168503,Recommended,282070,13759741,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Marvin88,Worst sims expansion ever. My sim Borris was killed by looters when one night i took him to the city centre... 10/10
76561198346233652,Recommended,282070,29539122,Posted: 28 January,all,doctor_ninja2,Only game i've played that actually made me feel bad to steal from anyone
76561198206442151,Recommended,282070,29526363,Posted: 27 January,all,Nicholas Zhao Si,"Today I went to the house, I give them some food, hope they can go through this winter"
76561198094480670,Recommended,282070,29534667,Posted: 27 January,all,Library Assistant v1.99,this game made me cry in the first play and this game gave me a reason why the war is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282070,29529665,Posted: 27 January,all,Yalniz Panda,Get f.k.nnn buy and play.AWESOME!!!
76561198219040493,Recommended,282070,29531278,Posted: 27 January,all,HoochofTipp,"Woah, this is really sad, the things they say just makes me cry :( But if u can handle it i totally recomend it."
76561198239693566,Recommended,282070,29528695,Posted: 27 January,all,Gamboa76,This Game is a historic game based on the time of the civil war when cities were cut off from resources and I recommend this game because of its endless fun and its historical background
76561198345616648,Recommended,282070,28641558,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Snork777,интересная выживалка
76561198068440057,Recommended,282070,17233307,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,BITES THE DUST,"A beautiful game that depicts the horrors of war, but in the homes of citizens, as opposed to on the battlefield."
,Recommended,282070,15734380,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Carl the Weeb Kat,It's like Skyrim except on a 2d plain
76561198019273223,Recommended,282070,17244764,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,halcyon328,An interesting survival simulation. It takes a serious look at topics which are usually never considered in video games.
,Recommended,282070,14975120,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Brayden,"its a strong game, like about depression but it a fun game"
,Recommended,282070,17179339,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,lil ak47,Sad but fun.
76561198048195514,Recommended,282070,17181139,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Battlemaster_G,Why Bruno... i would of made it all better in time.. you didnt have to take your own life!
76561198092309846,Recommended,282070,17183721,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,byerly5150,"Difficult game with a high learning curve. Little in the way of supplies, security, or keeping your people from getting completely depressed. Not sure I will stick with this. A few good tips (not smarty commentary would help likely)"
,Recommended,282070,17032749,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Nurhadi48,"this is the best game i ever played after the walking dead, i have same emotion with the game, even i just played for 1-2 hours it feels awesome & cant wait to play it further.... *sorry if my english are bad"
,Recommended,282070,17033628,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,face,"I failed my first attempt. Sickness, injury, sadness, hunger ran through the group. Night raids removed all the items I had collected the previous day. I lost around day 20. People left, some never left the bed. I didn't even make it to winter. Pure agony.Second attempt went much better. Mainly scavaging the supplies needed to build the next appliance. Making mental notes of what I needed for the next run. Not feeding until absolute necessary. Avoiding dangerous areas. Got hit by sniper one time, and a deserter another time. Helped everybody who seeked it. 2 man watch at night and sleeping during the day.  The Winter is kind of the ""boss batlle"" of the game.All in all a very good game. Hard but true to it's purpose. It's war after all and you are not special forces. Except Roman, but he basically beats up rest of the crew and drinks up all the liquor."
76561198163812472,Recommended,282070,17034442,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Fruitlooping,I really like this game. It's not too easy to play (imho) but it keeps you running around looking for the ressources to build the next vital things to keep your little group alive.Also you have to think about every action you do (or refrain to do).As I ransacked the old couple it helped me feed my group but the next time I visited their house they both had died leading to the characters being depressed.
76561197979035910,Recommended,282070,18003966,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,dcproven,"I need this working in Ubuntu 15.04, I can't believe there is no solution yet..."
76561198021376197,Recommended,282070,18004818,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Michaels,"Personally, I just love the alternative take on a wargame.It looks great and have a great soundtrack, to really set the mood.I haven't played nearly enough as to give a complete in-game depth review, but I haven't had any regrets with this game so far.So an 8/10 for me.Properly more of a 9/10, but you know how it its, that would make this game close to perfect, and I don't believe such a thing is possible."
,Recommended,282070,18013187,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dr. Baron von Evil-Satan,This game is excellent.
76561198043791841,Recommended,282070,17996175,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Senchou Vicho #duck,"The game, while fun, lacks in difficulty and replayability. It is fun but without enough of a challenge It doesnt take long to beat the game and you dont really fell like playing it agian after. If you have 20 $ to spare and are willing to spend it on a game that will most likely last you only a few hours, I reccomend this game. If you are looking for a game that will last you atleast a dollar an hour, this game is not what your wallet is looking for."
76561198031142127,Recommended,282070,18001575,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,BigB848,"A chilling take on the reality of war in an urban setting. It isn't glamorous and it sucks the will to live. This game should cause all of our hearts to go out to war torn cities that exists in Libya, Somalia, Ukraine, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Gaza, etc."
76561198037838581,Recommended,282070,17991645,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Kirsava,"This game is awesome, I would reccomend it to every singe one of my friends, even if they didn't like survival games, I would still reccomend it.*Edit*The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that you can only send one person to scavenge."
76561198049849646,Recommended,282070,17957166,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,abhi_Julius,"An awsome game. Highly recommended. Have been looking for similar games ever since (not the ones with zombies), not much luck though. Recommendations anyone??"
76561198151335423,Recommended,282070,17986605,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Heinz,"Great game to play, really fun, really cool graphics and you can distill moonshine. Whats not to like."
76561197962043957,Recommended,282070,17964660,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Desertfox,Amazing
76561198067487441,Recommended,282070,17948704,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DaniKitty,"I love playing this game. It makes you care about the people you're looking over and you have to make very careful decisions weighing morals and survival. Sometimes just the choice of where to look for supplies can be tricky. My only complaint about the game is that it is difficult to read the writing. No matter what resolution I'm on, the font is too narrow to read easily and I've have a lot of difficulty reading how many of an item I have or what is going on with the stats of my survivors. I wanted to message the game makers to request a change, but I haven't found a way to do that, so I'm going to leave that note here hoping someone will see this and fix the problem. Even with this difficulty, however, the game is addictive. It's like playing a depressing version of the sims."
,Not Recommended,282070,17951539,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Spartachilles,"Although there are little gems in what happens that do set this game apart, I have to say that the base gameplay quickly becomes quite boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,282070,18036281,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mayushii,"I cant force quit out of it nor can i see it? halp!, Mac user. Other than that, fun."
76561198067235277,Recommended,282070,18037101,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sagrim,"Absolutelly one of the most surprising game of the year for me, although strictly survival games are not my cup of tea.The game is all about living through a war trapped in a desolated town full of snipers, other survivors and militia. It§s not much of a fighting game, as one might suggest according it§s title, but more of a strategy one.You start with three random people, where each has some kind of perk like good cook, handyman or sneaky person and of course a lot of bad habbits like smoking, drinking, etc. Each day and night for that matter, you have to get resources (food, medicine, wood...) and make sure you take care of your shelter. You have to keep people fed, rested, keep the sad and bad mood out of the doors and especially, do everything there is to gather more resources and stay alive while making so.The more days you keep people alive, the more and harder choices are put in front of You. People start visiting you in your shelter nad offering trade, requesting help or asking to stay with you even. Will you take the poor man in and increase your chance for survival as more people are needed to guard the house and risk, you won§t find enough food or water, or turn him away?Each night, you can send out one person to scavenge for materials and food the other buildings around shelter. Some are empty and only blocked door or pieces of collapsed wall block your way to treasures as simple as can of meat, other times you may find milia, medics, or just people like you trying to survive.This game will let you think about the war in absolutely different context than Medal of Honor or Call of Duty sort of games. Here, you are no hero to charge to the front lines, no supersoldier to take out the enemy. Here, your enemy is cold, fear and shortage of food and people to trust.Subtle music is very much increasing the overall gloom and is well placed and doesn't become a chore. Inventory is simple and functional while character actions are dictated by various icons around the map, which is always like X-COMs HQ style.Game is certainly difficult to master and I guess very few managed to succeed for the first time. Anyway after the first playthough, playable characters are unlocked step by step as you play more and more games. There is also a custom game, which lets you set up your own challenge with the right group of people.And let me emphasize the DLC. This is the first DLC that actually matters. For as low as 1€ you are donating money to charity and in exchange you get a piece of art, even though in a digital form. Who needs five new batman suits for twice the money. I challenge other developers to bring more of these."
,Recommended,282070,30530571,Posted: 15 March,all,`_',Good gameMy music works just not physical sounds like running and opening doorsHow to fix?
76561198118764665,Recommended,282070,17854209,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sneexethe2nd,"Especially for the money this is a great game.First of all this is more like a sim than anything. It does have some intense moments when it comes to interaction with other people but its mostly about managing your resources correctly and keeping an eye on your party's physical and mental states.The best part about this game in my opinion is the atmosphere it creates. It's dark, depressing and overall bleak. Im not saying this is a bad thing at all, like watching a movie that was really depressing, if it was good you will get feelings from it, and maybe tear up a bit.The controls are simple point and click stuff but for as much as you can do this doesn't get in the way at all.Leaving to go out at night and search for supplies is where the intensity in the game comes from. Some places are crawling with danger and others are completely safe (however they make you feel like a horrible person for raiding them). Sometimes people are willing to trade with you and sometimes they'll just kill you for fun.Your ability to have patience and press forward are what will make you great at this game. There are times where you will get mad but it will usually be due to your own greed or misteps.For the money this game is excellent and honestly you'd be cheating yourself to not give it a whorl if your into survivalist type games."
76561197961815740,Recommended,282070,30517671,Posted: 14 March,all,Marcus Mortem,Awesome game wish there was a often update
76561198028550968,Recommended,282070,17793920,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,prasejednomalo,"Incredibly cool game, new and fresh, and requires tactical thinking. Take it!"
,Recommended,282070,17819739,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Erik Graves,"Alright, from the very beginning, I have to say that I've only played 5 hours of This War of Mine. With that disclaimer out of the way, lets get this reveiw going!This War of Mine is a powerful, atmospheric game that puts you in control of the people in war. The Civilian. You will feel depressed when your characters are depressed, scared when they are and most importantly, you become attached to them. I won't say that This war of Mine is 'fun'. Reading the Diary of Ann Frank or Between Shades of Gray isn't fun, but for some reason you keep reading, because no matter how low it gets, you just want to know what happens. You don't expect it to get better and never does, and yet you keep reading. Thats what This War of Mine does to you. It pulls you in and you can't leave because you just need to know. There is no 'winning' at This War of Mine, simply survival and I loved every minute of it. I digress. PROS AND CONS!!!Pros:Powerful Atmospheric EnviromentIn-Depth Crafting SystemEye Pleasing ArtRuns Smoothly, even on my relatively low end computer.Powerful Emotion System (Characters can be happy, sad, crazy etc.)Quality StealthModerately Good CombatCons:Character Customization is limited to presetsOverall, I would recommend This War of Mine to any emotionally stable human being with $20 in their pocket."
,Recommended,282070,17757007,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Vysoky,"I love this game.I wish this game had gotten more publicity through marketing when it first launched (now it seems to be doing okay since it's lauching on the PS4, maybe from success) because I had only heard of it through complete accident. I scrolling youtube one day and saw a review for this game (which I had never heard of at the time) and the guy loved it. I had recently recived a giftcard for steam and figured for $20, lets see if this dude knows what he's talking about. He did.I couldnt really find a nice place to fit this into the review, so keep in mind the way you will play the game is as if you had opened up a doll house to where everything is nearly 2 dementional. If you havn't watched the trailer, I reccomend it.The game starts with a variety of different people, all who you controll individually, who have different talents. Some people can sprint quietly, others are stronger can carry more supplies, ect. All of your characters (3-4) mutually live in a house with a nearly condemmed look to it. Throughout the game you can use supplies scavanged at night to upgrade it into a real home with a working stove, fireplace, beds, workbench, and even an alcohol distillary. During the day time is when you would perform all of these tasks but where it really has your face pressed to the monitor, going minutes without blinking, is during the night.You can choose; who is going to sleep in the beds, who will be put on gaurd, and who will be scavenging for supplies. The first locations you'll have unlocked to check for supplies will be completely harmless, either a suburban home occupied by the elderly or a house lived in by no one at all. When you find the places that don't exactly want visitors, is where you find if you're a stone cold killer, or a thief as silent as a mouse.It becomes way more indepth than this but I dont want to spoil more. If what you're waitng for is for the game to go on sale, that's fine but 100% do it.With love,VysokyPs. F#@k The War."
76561198027846380,Recommended,282070,17512488,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,NoName Female,"I recommend this game, nothing short of mind-blowing, a true work of art."
,Recommended,282070,13101912,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Groms,Sarajevo: The Game10/10
76561198119319559,Not Recommended,282070,17899850,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,chris.so22,i love the gameplay. but i hate the music
76561198027990168,Recommended,282070,13375085,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[rm-rf/] var,"This War of Mine is a tragic tale and in many ways, a symbolic representation of how the world is today. Everyone is trying their best to survive.It will grip you like no other game, tear at your heart when your joes get sick, spike your adrenaline hoping everyone will make it back okay. You will lose people.And hopefully, maintain your humanity."
,Recommended,282070,17929161,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Oxie,"This War Of Mine is a game that I first discovered on YouTube. I was intridgued and eventually bought it myself. The best way I can describe this game is that it is an emotional rollercoaster of emotions. As a player, you get so immersed into the characters and the story of the game. I found myself feeling annoyed, upset and desperate at many points. It's certainly a game which opens your eyes.The game is beautifully designed. The soundtrack is great and the different array of characters provided is enough to keep the game fresh for the player for some time. I think the only problem that I have, is that it would be nice to expand the character's backpacks and how much they can hold, this is mainly for characters who only have like 10 slots compared to others who may have more. It would just be a nice addition.Other than that, I would highly recommend This War of Mine to anyone! Fab game!"
76561198019131750,Recommended,282070,17918943,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,PartimeTheory,You can feel how grim things have become and how you have to do EVERYTHING to make it!!!!
,Recommended,282070,17914871,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Bob Bobbington,This game was so good and emotional i had to quit. 10/10 if you can keep yourself from crying.
,Recommended,282070,17906658,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TOP3JuBJuB,"even though this is a game... there is truth to it.  And with the music and dialog presnt in this game, it makes u think and feel a bit how real people might be going thtough or have gone through.  I know its just a game but ya.. very well done"
,Recommended,282070,17917978,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kyrios,10 of 10 my god 10 of 10. Moar games like this one.
,Recommended,282070,17962187,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Yulie,"I've been loving TWOM as a game to dip in and out of without too much commitment. I love the graphics and the moral system makes the game a lot more challenging than I first imagined.This is one of those games that I tell my self I'll play one day of, then suddenly realise it's 3am.Reccommend! It's very fun and genuinely moving in some cases."
,Recommended,282070,17910466,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,concon0731,War of Mine has me addicted for days. It's crazily surreal ad depressing.
,Recommended,282070,17912237,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,w3c,"Like: good concept, good graphics, everything is great, BUT !Don't like: Time. The time is the weakest thing in this game. It seems the time is just running out too quickly. There isn't enough time to do all the things in the house, which is strange. If talking to a character to help him/her out of depression, then that's eating up the whole day. Come on, it's just stupid. If one character need to climb up 2 storie, then, well this is going to take 1 hour or more especially if the character is wounded or sick. I know this is a game, but come on !"
76561198051515946,Recommended,282070,17946200,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Necrowmancer,"Roman. the dude trained in combat would fight Bruno, the chef and Roman would be the one who ended up with injuries.Even though my combat trained survivor would get his♥♥♥♥♥kicked by my chef i loved every minute of this soul wrenching game."
,Recommended,282070,18088929,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ConaN,"Makes you think about your actions and the tragedy of conflict.positive:- great atmosphere- the looting, haggling and other management is enjoyable (can get a bit tedious)- heartbreakingnegative:- the game should tell you that your progress is saved if you end the game, at least thats what I read on the web, after it forced me to stay up until 6 a.m. to finish the game because it made me believe that there is no savegame and all would be lost if I exit the game"
,Recommended,282070,18094243,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,|RHE| Moondog,"Goes to semi-detached house. Sneaks around and steals everything. Gets caught by a girl, she runs and taddles on me. Meets another girl hip firing a sniper at a stairway. One shots me. Rage quit i will never play this game again. 10/10 will play tomorrow even though I say this."
,Recommended,282070,30526436,Posted: 15 March,all,smash it,"I kind of binged and purged this. I played it alot more offline so the 1.7 hours played is not very accurage. The game play is very fun, and the first few times through its great. Different strategies to keep your little hovel going begins to come into mind. Though you will probably find the tried and true methods and begin to repeat them through the various stories.I usually like to judge a game by the way you feel when one of the characters in the game dies, it is really demoralizing when you go into a situation underprepared and your whole system of survival is thrown off by the death of one of your comrads. You really feel bad when the character is lost and the way your other characters react is pretty realistic and great.Typing this out, I think I am going to play it!"
76561198036308801,Recommended,282070,17971536,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Dealz,Something truly different and thoroughly engaging.
76561198009152671,Recommended,282070,17971833,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,AengusM,Awesome and creative game concept. Shows a different side of war which many of us ignore and allows the player to make choices which actually make a difference in the game. The ethical dilemmas in this game combined with the ingenuity of the whole game concept makes for a fantastic play. 10/10 Wud kill for a tin of beans again
,Recommended,282070,18009979,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,impulse203,"Harrowing with a heart of gold, TWoM puts gives you leadership over a group of desperate refugees attempting to survive in a foreign city under military siege and occupation. Gameplay revolves around resource management hybridized with a strange, yet engaging 2D point-and-click adventure style. The environments and art, while naturally a bit glum to say the least, are rendered with a striking and beautiful attention to detail. The same is to be said for the writing, with most decisions plucking away at those morally-grounded heartstrings of yours as you navigate the shattered lives of a crumbling city's inhabitants. Get what you need to survive by scavenging the ruins, trading with other groups of survivors or surrender your humanity and turn to banditry and violence - but remember an abrupt and unwelcome fate can find you no matter what side of the line you stand on. Do the ends justify the means, or will one compromise just lead to another?Oh yeah, about that ""heart of gold"" bit - TWoM supports War Child, a charity helping children that have been displaced or otherwise had their lives impacted by armed conflict. So you get to help kids and play this rad, engaging and unique game all at once. Cool stuff. So, buy it, play it, feel good. Simple!"
76561198050853221,Recommended,282070,18066870,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Redrock655,"Katia, Pavel, and Bruno were bunkered down in the city when the first shells arrived. Katia, a notorius writer, was getting stories to write for the news from local celebrities. While Pavel was an all star athlete- Bruno was a four star chef with his own show. None which mattered when government forces surrounded the city. They lived day to day, helping their neighbors as they helped them. Protecting the innocent from both rebel and military abusers. They even let in a defenseless woman live with them in her most dire time. They were Heroes in every way.Until one day- Katia needed medicane for Bruno as he was uncoditionally ill with something the immune system couldn't fend off alone, and went to the auto repair shop to trade with a man living there. The man trading wanted more than we could offer, food, weapons, Jewelary. She knew it was the mans life or Bruno. So she rushed toward the man with her knife only to be shot before she could make the first slice. Her death brought suffering in Pavel who felt her death must be avenged. To make the man realize what he had done. The next night, he left bruno on his own to settle that score. With only 2 rounds and a hand gun he killed him but not to recieve one to his stomach as well. Bursting inside the shop, he sees a sick man, the father of the late trader and killer of your bestfriend. He too saw death. With everything he needed he limped back to home to give Bruno those meds he was in desperate need.With Bruno doing better... Pavel bled out and died the next night. And the woman they protected and nurtured- gone. With their food and belongings taken with her. Bruno found his best friends cold corpse on the bed with Katias diary in his arms smothered in blood. He trembled on his cigarette and let it fall to the floor. Both were dead. And that was to much to bear for himself. With what little parts they had left, he assembled a noose as his final project, his final dish. He smokes his last cigarette and carved into beam that the rope was tied from, ""I'm sorry i couldn't return the favor"". Sobs fill the basement as shots are heard in the distance... The basement was silent- 3 days later the war had finally ended. RIP Katia Day 1-15, Pavel Day 1-16, Bruno Day 1-17.This was my first 'story' and let me tell you. It was a story alright. A real depressing one and theres so many more you can embark in. 10/10 Video Games in its purist art form. A survival, a story teller, and an adventure."
76561198117550892,Recommended,282070,18068666,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,LoFFMan,"It is a cool down game from every intense games like DotA,CoD and etc. When I played at night, the atmosphere felt f**king AWESOME! You can write your own story thats what I like about it. Never get bored playing this. Even when there is no hope at surviving at all.It's not just a game, it's an ART!!!"
76561198167680112,Recommended,282070,17001818,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mad Tech,It makes you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561198094150321,Recommended,282070,17002516,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ghost3776,This game was a amazing experience for me and i highly recommend this game to any lover of vide games.
,Recommended,282070,17012126,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Avocados Are Good,"I never though I would enjoy this game as much as I did.When I first took a look, it seemed like a whole lot of micro management with a broken morality system.By the same token, few games have been able to elicit genuine emotion from me.That said, this game is an instant classic in the steam library and a must have for those looking for a neat twist on the survival genre.  You play as a group of survivors in a war torn city just trying to make ends meet.  You’re lucky if you don't get shot by rebel soldiers or fellow scavengers, and luckier if you get to eat that day.  Go through the day trying to mediate the needs of your own group with that of your neighbors and then journey into the night looking for supplies to keep yourselves going.  There will be moral challenges, yes, but not necessarily any repercussions.  Careful and clever players will find ways to commit crimes with impunity; however, this does not mean you will escape the emotional consequences, as your party attempts to cope with the atrocities they commit to survive in war.  Teamwork is necessary, but others… they are expendable.  Or, perhaps, you value their lives and will attempt, at all opportunities to be good and ethical – good luck.Ultimately the game is a masterpiece, forcing a set of mind of survival and melancholia with its powerful imagery, music and dialogue.  I’m only about 15 hours in, and I want more; and so will you.Also, the soundtrack is free and it’s a pretty nice listen.  So, there’s that."
,Recommended,282070,17043897,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Raeyan,"This game is the most realistic war simulator out there.The idea is to create and guide a group of civilians through the horrors of war. Not the actual war though. You guide them through the aftermath of bombings and raids on buildings, and try to get them through the tough times.I myself don't enjoy the typical war games because of their unrealisticness and their ""war-praising"" mentalities. War is horrible, and this game depicts that fact perfectly.This game is the odd one out, definately in a good way."
,Recommended,282070,17046393,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mr. Castle,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,282070,17050190,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,KawaiiPrincess,"I am in love with this game. The mechanics arent the best, its not always fun to play and most campaigns feel the same, yet the game is unexpectedly deep and provides a (much needed) contrast to other war games. This is one of those games which will make you question if your a decent human being, and for this reason is well worth buying."
76561197980896005,Recommended,282070,13835001,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sol,"Awesome, just awesome. Get it!9/10"
,Recommended,282070,17053178,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,DarkSpecterHQ,"This game is a ""doomed going left or right"" at times.  It will challange what you think and react at critical dicisions.  You can also customize characters and add pictures of your own.  It will add a more personal effect to the game"
76561198137408283,Recommended,282070,17063542,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jericho,"I have been playing TWOM ever since it came out. It started out as interest, which turned to amazement, which turned to supreme respect for the designers/developers.The premise seems easy enough but the gravity of encounters, situations and scenarios that constantly bombard the player, forcing him or her to make some of the toughest decisions ever put in a game so far, show just how complex TWOM is. The additions and DLC added over the months since its release only enhanced the game in all of its already amazing areas. Making your own character and even being able to upload your own picture was one of my favorites.I keep up with current games (Arkham Knight, Witcher 3, etc.) but as awesome as next gen games look and play, I keep finding myself drawn back to this in-depth, unique gem of a game.There isn't a star system on Steam but if there was I would be giving it the maximum amount. I thoroughly enjoyed and still enjoy this game on a daily basis and look forward to any new DLC that might be coming out.I'm also sort of an indie author and I would love to write something about this war-torn story created by pure genius."
76561198091866791,Recommended,282070,17068152,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,lugidalmerkia,"Combat system is a little bit annoying, you can't do anything, when they attack, you just have to quit the game in ordr to save your character. Good game, though."
76561198089122611,Recommended,282070,17069807,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,abdulhadi-k,very good game
,Recommended,282070,17015279,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Doctor Mobius,"Incredibly gritty but simple to play, the game revolves around building your base during the day and going out to scavenge stuff in the night... it took me a few attempts to get the hang of it, but I've survived a month now and am growing tomatoes in the basement to go with the rats I've caught. Delicious."
,Recommended,282070,17018707,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Virgil,"The first time I robbed a house with people inside, they were armed robbers camped out in a church. Marko, my scavenger, killed one of them with a knife. He told himself that it was alright, that it was self defense. Neither of us could really say that later when starvation forced him to kill a husband and wife for the food in their cupboards.This War of Mine is a Rare Gem that every gamer should consider playing. Set in a roughly Balkan setting the game forces players into the roles of civilians trapped in a war zone, or more uncomfortably if you upload your own photo, yourself in the same situation. Scavenging for supplies, fending off hunger, bandits, and even depression just become a part of the daily life.Few games so effectively marry story and gameplay together, and This War of Mine constantly drives your actions towards the moral questions hanging over the game. To what ends will you go to survive? Would you kill for a tin of processed food? What toll would that take?Aesthetically the game is a canvass of gray shades, and the soundtrack is muted. While there are a few clunky patches here an there, it's well worth giving This War of Mind a look. Anyone who plays shooters regularly owes it to themselves to consider what the other side of a war might look like."
,Recommended,282070,17021128,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Goodwine,"She is very wounded, he is very sick, and there are no more places to go. I am very tired, but I am the only one who can move around. The only place with medicine, and bandages is the home of the 3 kids, and their father. I have decided to do something awful, but we MUST survive. I am going to kill them, take their medicine, and leave.*gets killed*This game feels like hell, and it's even easier than RL. I see war different than I did before."
76561198086048159,Recommended,282070,17024432,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Arlian,"Absolutely fantastic game which can provide lots of hours of fun and sadness. That being said, I feel this game could definitely benefit from a few roguelike elements and more content to make it more replayable. After a while the scenarios become repetitive and eventually becomes boring. I would definitely recommend this title and rate it at 8.5/10. With added content and roguelike elements it would come close to being 10/10."
76561198051440614,Recommended,282070,16968271,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,KillerG,"A quite compelling game with some very heavy themes. I would recommend this game to those looking less for a high action or intense experience, but rather for a more somber and thought provoking game."
76561198031383772,Recommended,282070,16970495,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Revanaught,"There's really nothing my review can say that every other review hasn't said already.  It's a really interesting game, it has good mechanics, and good challenge.  If played right, you'll go from barely surviving, having to decide who doesn't get to eat that night, to genuinely making a home, with a routine for everyone to follow, a feeling of safety from raids, and a completely self-sufficient food system.  There is a genuine sense of acomplishment when you survive the war, the option to play custom games with the ""write your own story"" option adds a good deal of replayability."
76561198097200180,Recommended,282070,16973570,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,SighFactory,"I did not enjoy this game. Nor will you, but I'll never forget it... And you should certainly play it too. I was desperate throughout the entirety of the experience. My survivors didn't get along too well, they were often hungry, sometimes they got sick. in the final days of the war the situation was looking rather grim, they had bonded through the experience and the death of the old man weighed heavily on their concious... And my own. I felt aNeedto save them, it really mattered to me.During the day you deal with internal affairs. Feeding everyone, tending the wounded, dolling out medical supplies and various other tasks. At night, people can be assigned to guard or sleep. guarding is taxing on survivors and can leave weakened ones in a dangerous state. Not assigning guards can get people killed. You can also choose one to send out and scavenge for supplies (this is a must, during the day you can not due to snipers) Scavenging is dangerous but not doing so can spell the end for your little rag tag family.There are many vital tasks to do in This War of Mine... And the fact of the matter is: You can't do them all. People will go hungry, people will get sick, and dispite your best efforts... They may die. Moral dilemas are daily and situations like this exist outside of the game. This is a true and painful look into the world of those really living this life. It's a story, custom to you. It's a story that will stick with you for days and restless nights to come.10/10 Beautiful and full of much needed perspective."
76561197973498154,Recommended,282070,16975564,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,SeXy_Ninjew,"This game is GREAT!! Hard as heck, but very rewarding."
,Recommended,282070,16980678,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TH3BAND1T,"Very fun game, got addicted right away! On the other hand i got bored of it after about 8 lives so.. 8/10"
76561197977378909,Recommended,282070,19332432,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,paperscissor,"This was a really nice surprise for me, and while it gets a bit repetitive after a while, I enjoyed it immensly."
,Recommended,282070,19333883,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,draco_232,this war of mine is a surprizingly good game. i thought that it would be a story game but after 5 hours u learn how much of a realistic but complening to play game. its an amazing game for a indi develepor. its basicly binding of issac with no magic in real life.
,Recommended,282070,19373855,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mr_freedo,"One of the best games I've ever played. Defently worth playing!! One of the few games out there that focuses on this side of war. It has some small mistakes like the fact that your characters dont get sad when you kill bandits, but then when you return the day later to take their stuff they get sad for stealing from dead peolpe. 11 bit please fix."
76561198117106772,Recommended,282070,19372877,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BlueRam,"Amazing game! Very original, realistic and fun.Bring on more DLCs/sequel/maps.Also give us the option to customize the actual 3d model a little more so it is similar to our custom portraits in the game.Can't wait for next chapter - keep up."
76561198193265363,Recommended,282070,19373304,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,mrlazer13,"Highly addictive in the best sense, very tense and exciting gameplay. Thinking about where your next meal will come from to what you need to fortify your home against raids from looters and bandits to making sure your group doesnt die from illness or by just being straight up killed by someone while you are out gathering supplies.Highly reconmend this tittle"
76561198028470562,Recommended,282070,19373493,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,THE AIDS VIRUS,Instantly obessed. Life on hold and 20 hours sucked away here.
76561198130830856,Recommended,282070,19383507,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,tcurran,Great Game
,Recommended,282070,19385048,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ogresav,"Amazing survival game. You're stuck in a city besieged by war, and you're struggling to survive as a small group... what other games have you played where your people are starving, so they're reduced to robbing an old couple for food?It's one of the most innovative survival games I've seen. Instead of playing the part of the shooter, you're the civilian trying to sneak around armed thugs and steal their food and gear, collecting rain water, trying to cook a decent meal so your people cheer up, only sneaking out at night to avoid the shelling and snipers.Really addictive, and the atmosphere is depressing as hell, as it should be! Well worth a try if you like survival games, and worth a try even if you don't."
,Recommended,282070,14803888,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Corn Doggo,"I can't believe I never reviewed this, here's my attempt at formulating words to describe I feel:DAYUMThis game was good; hit me hard emotionally, hit my wallet softly, hit my eye balls just right, hit my time like A LOTThe narrative this game presents and the events that happen along with it are engaging, the survival aspect is satisfying because you feel that you're controlling real people facing a civil war and over time you help them to survive better."
,Recommended,282070,19382475,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mushed Brain,"Enjoyed this game very much, hope they release new content."
76561198012701629,Recommended,282070,19341854,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,JusTDoiT_09,"Good game in average.Pros-Unique gameplay-Very good atmosphereCons-Daytime activities are limited.-Even though you raid an house and got spotted, next day you can trade with them like you are first encountering them.-There should be more socialization in between inviduals in the house.So far I liked the game but it's hard to say that I would play it again as it gets repetitive after several weeks in the game. It took 46 days in my game for war to come up to an end and last 10 days were very boring as there were nothing much to do."
76561198004068349,Recommended,282070,19375792,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,oak606,"One of the best, most memorable games I've ever played. The game conveyed the dire situation of trying to survive and make difficult decisions during war time amazingly well and I was gripped from day 1 until whenever cease fire ocurred. The character variation is well done in that they each have their own skills so are almost always valuable in their own way. The art style fits perfectly too. You must try this game."
,Recommended,282070,19284751,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ZedKnight,"Love it! It sadly does not have much re-playability, but very nice style and worth it if catching this game on sale!"
76561198079547684,Recommended,282070,19343202,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sougo7L,"Amazing, amazing game. Beautiful art, good mechanics (the materials grinding may be necessary sometimes), the combat is OK (take sometime to get used to). Overall, i really recomend it. And it will make you think about some heavy stuff"
76561198075700164,Recommended,282070,19342052,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Say hello to my little ping,"Never was looting so exciting and tactical, but must of all emotional.RIP to all my characters that missed out on ALT+F4."
,Recommended,282070,19342209,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,FilthVector,"Even though I recommend this game I do so grudginly. The game has a great soundtrack and likeable characters with decent personal stories. The crafting is fun and scavenging for supplies can also be fun. I have beaten a few default campaigns and I find that the combat is greatly flawed. I've had my character freeze up while I attempt to shoot while the enemy runs up and blows my brains out. I've had enemies stop in place while patrolling and ""twitch"" in place(obviously a glitch) basically pinning me in my hiding spot and screwing me on the night of scavenging while sometimes killing me. The game really has almost no replay value. The create your own story and characters option is very generic and I feel it doesn't add much replay value unless you wanna play ""This Selfie of Mine"". The characters DO have different endings but nothing worthy of me dealing with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pathing and terrible combat system for upwards of 40 game days. I got his game on sale for $10 and it was definitely worth it, but at any higher price it would feel like a ripoff to me as the game feels like it's in beta stage due to the combat and pathing glitches."
76561198071301879,Recommended,282070,19345022,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,pajotherower,Its like Sims... but far more depressing.10/10
,Recommended,282070,19345378,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Autistic Squidward,"One of my friends died from a wound, the rest died at night...im good at this"
,Recommended,282070,19335162,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rumble,"This game takes the usual concept of war games on its head, and puts you in the role of being civilians, just trying to scratch together a living within a warzone. It is moody, gritty, and really puts your mind into a different, more ethical, more realistic place about the effects that war has. You will care for your characters and know their stories. You will agonise at the struggles of life or death decisions, and should they die, you will miss them, feeling a stone of regret in your heart.Highly recommended for its unique concept (as far as I've seen), and its ability to bring forth emotion. A must play for anyone with ethical and poltical interests, or an interest in war. Or, humanity, really."
,Recommended,282070,19336995,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Enygmas,"I played this game several times.Every time one of the characters died, I had to restart the game. I just couldn't bare to continue without him or her.By the time I finished the game the first time, I got the aftermath stories, and some of the characters did not enjoy a very good one. I learned browsing the net that depending on how you behave your stories after the game will be better.So I played again, this time with the aim of not only surviving but as well helping everybody.At this point, I just wish I didn't play the game. Because then I would be able to play again without knowing."
,Recommended,282070,17378024,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,freecake23,"killed civilians,thugs,soldiers,bandits yet i have no shovel or crowbar and im still one peice short for crafting.                                         10/10 would have 9 guns 40 bullets and no food :D"
,Recommended,282070,17480448,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,TylerK,"Very good and unique game. It will probably get old after a while, and a little repetitive, but it's a very well made game."
,Recommended,282070,17486004,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Dr. Doob,"I highly recommend this game. It very fun, somewhat addictive (not really), great story line (achivements) and haertbreaking decisions. But there are some flaws. For example, when clearing rubble, instead of clearing them, can you go over them? At the military outpost, I didnt do anything, and they said they were going to shoot me! WHY? And then I was brutually murderd by the soilders. FOR DOING NOTHING! But nevertheless, the game is still very good. P.S, is this game based on a real event?"
76561198030973980,Recommended,282070,17490340,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ActionBasterdMan,"Find a house with a elderly couple.Break through the front door.Watch as old man pleads to not take anything.Take out hatchet and reenact the seen from the shining when they run to the bathroom.""It's either them or us""seems about right."
76561198044980595,Recommended,282070,17491195,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Mudsmuggler,"It was great fun, if you like this sort of resource management"
76561198131223015,Recommended,282070,17466702,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Triton_wulf,Amazingly well done. This games makes you care deeply for the characters who's lives are thrust into such a dire situation.
,Recommended,282070,17468944,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,"I love this game . A survival game during war ? YEAH ! This game is original and good , Its worth 18.99 euros , because it has content and if you dont like their characters , you can create your own characters that you can choose their name . I rate this game 10/10 ."
,Recommended,282070,17473354,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,EXHOPE,"so much feels and choices, sorry I cant help, I need to survive!"
76561198067856595,Recommended,282070,14214605,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,✠ Kaiser ✠,Ukraine Crisis simulator.
76561198088116012,Recommended,282070,18011320,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,HorizonDuty,"Waiting for the new DLCThis War of Mine: The little onesAfter all, this game does need more kids."
,Recommended,282070,18011685,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Avalanchee,"The guy that took the time to write ""SNIPER"" on the wall.. yea he wasn't joking.Fantastic game, 10/10"
76561198036361182,Recommended,282070,17966921,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Roerram,"The game mechanics are straight forward, move about the map interacting with piles of debris, desks, refrigirators and so forth, to find the items you can use to improve your shelter, feed your survivors and sor forth. The winning condition is surviving the war, if even one of your people live to the end of the conflict you get a win, don't think this means the game is easy.There are two phases to the game, day and night. During the day you tend to your tired, sick and injured characters, ration out food, build equipment and improve you shelter as you are able. When night falls, you need to balance having people stay up and gaurd against bandits, sending out a scavenger, and giving people a chance to get a full nights sleep.You have to balance what you equip your scavenger with when they head out and what they bring home from the other places they visit at night, as each person can only carry so much. There are several categories such as food, medical, weapons, building materials and luxury items, and no guaruntee that you will be able to return to find anything you left behind when you do end your night of scavenging by heading back to your shelter.The individual histories of the characters are interesting, and the conclusion to each characters story is affected by your choices in the game, and while no two stories are likely to be the same, there is a pull to find out what would have happened if you made the other choice with that person looking for help the next time you play.The ambient sounds are immersive, as is the soundtrack.There is only one thing that I find lacking in the game, and that is the combat system is a bit clunky, but then again this isn't a fighting game it is a survival game so this even with that this game is still worth the time and money."
76561198063053942,Recommended,282070,18016051,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,angelosnik,MOVE IT PEOPLE WE NEED TO MAKE PEOPLE NOT ONLY PLAY BUT PAY FOR THIS MASTERPIECE FOR ONE TIME DONT JUST DOWNLOAD IT
,Recommended,282070,18046680,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,#LukeShit,"Insanely difficult, my only advice, play extremely passive, kill only if you absolutely have to, and take it slow. Still one of my favorite games, 10/10."
76561198026912876,Recommended,282070,18021084,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ripfin,Great Game quite alot like Zafehouse Daries
76561198008924362,Recommended,282070,19196700,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,mattkaru,"This game is truly the epitome of everything that makes a game great.  It gives you insights, it makes you think, it makes you FEEL.  Its art style is captivating.  Sometimes when I play it I get really down, but to me that's a selling point.  This is an immersive experience that can't be passed up IMO."
76561197964342785,Not Recommended,282070,19188582,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,khachik2003,"Boring resource management game.  It's okay, not worthy of it's praise.Game has no story and just trudges along.  You're forced to gather useless materials and constantly have to juggle hunger, fatigue, sanity, etc.  Reminds me of the equally crappy Darkest Dungeon.Waste of $8."
76561198060205537,Recommended,282070,15088450,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,cvtmosphera,Can be deep and fun at the same time. Different stories and characters.10/10
76561198242994110,Recommended,282070,30627847,Posted: 19 March,all,Pickle Rick,"The music really tugs at your heartstrings when making decisions based on conscience. I decided to scavengean elderly couple's house and i was having such a hard time stealing from them, not because they were armed, but because i felt bad. The husband didn't mind that i broke into their house, but just asked me not to take his wife's medicine. It was heartbreaking having to take their food and water, but it was for the survival of my own group. 10/10 would cry again"
,Recommended,282070,19230290,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,T.Phong,"Great game, but it's short, so only buy it when in sale off!!"
,Recommended,282070,19298958,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kramit The Frog,"It's hard to review a game like this as a game detached from its message so I'll leave it simply as this...It's a game that deserves to be played, weather or not it's enjoyed.It's a message that needs to be heard, though few will take it to heart.It's a narrow opportunity to share pain, though few will fend off ingrained detatchmentIt can be many things to many people.  It is what you make it."
,Recommended,282070,19298047,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,palets,wow. truly brilliant
,Recommended,282070,19291898,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ShonaNingyo,"I recommend this game for the story that can be somewhat influenced by your actions. To me this game's story and its characters will never be outdated since civil war always seems to be happening in some part of the world. Like Syria for example! Or the constant in-fighting of various African nations that top it all off with horrendous human rights abuses.This War of Mine is a brief look at the means that survivors will employ in order to survive. By Day you direct your survivors to collect supplies around your damaged shelter and use them to craft basic implements like beds, a stove, and a water filtration system. By night you choose one of them to scavenge for supplies in places on the map that range from completely safe to suicidal if you do not have a weapon or armor and a strategy to evade being caught by thugs or soldiers.The narrative is told through the eyes of your survivors, who open up to the player every few days with more pieces of their back story. People from all walks of life have been affected by this fighting and it shows. The downside is that after playing hte game a few times with the same characters, their stories end up not mattering, at least to me. I've heard it already and it's simply another update on their thoughts that I don't really care about.Another ""eh"" aspect of this game is that it feels like the true horrors of war from the view point of survivors isn't explored *deeply* enough. At the same time, I would argue (against myself) that it's all about showing and not telling, subtlety instead of gratuity. We've all seen war movies, we have an idea of what the civilians go through when their neighborhoods are wracked by artillery and the threat of soldiers; Saving Private Ryan is a good example of this with the French family that are caught between the approaching Allies and an Axis sniper and are forced to huddle in their destroyed apartment.Your players will react to what decisions you make in the game. If you decide to murder innocent people, they will understandably be sad. The same thing goes for stealing from them.Combat is difficult and you should really avoid direct confrontation with another person because if you get wounded enough you won't be able to hobble away to safety fast enough before they catch you and deliver the finishing blow. I find it a bit unfair that it varies greatly on the compentence of my survivors when the going gets tough, but whatever, it keeps you on your toes I guess.Another frowny-face-inducing feature, or rather lack of, is the explanantion of combat itself. There is no explanation for what the symbols that appear on potential victims stand for. I had to go onto the Wiki to figure out what the levels of ""fill"" for the weapons on say, a thug, meant and what the consequences would have been if my character decided to engage them in combat. This is a pretty important aspect of the game and the fact that there is absolutely no explanation for it is mind-blowing. It implies that you need to sacrifice a few characters and perhaps a few games in order to truly understand how it works, and that's not cool.Unfortunately, there are various bugs that will detract from your gameplay experience. Examples:-Your players will justify killing soldiers and thugs, even if you are the aggressor, but in the WAREHOUSE there is a bug where if you steal from the thugs your people will still become sad that you've done so. I find this to be very, very annoying because it needlessly puts my survivors' mental health on the rocks for justifiably killing scumbags. Also, I don't consider it ""stealing"" if the ""victims"" are dead meanies.-Ironically, at the HOSPITAL, giving stuff to the doctor without asking for goods in exchange does NOT count as charity (and therefore no morale boost will be given). You must make a trade with them in order for it to count as such.-In CENTRAL SQUARE, there is a chance that the armed guards will come out and kill you on sight if you decide to go near them, not if you decide to venture into their building. That's messed up.-If you do not rescue the two girls in the basement of the BROTHEL after the last thug is killed, you may not be able to save them. This is particularly frustrating because the BROTHEL is large and will definitely take multiple days to clear out.So aside from these freaking annoying glitches (I have only encountered the Warehouse one, thank God) that seriously detract from my experience, and the jitteriness of some of my characters' movements when I second-guess a move I want them to make, this game is still something I recommend people play."
76561198057449947,Recommended,282070,19291942,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Pharaoh,This Feels of Mine
76561198218236797,Recommended,282070,19273471,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Stormz,"Night 1: Robbed and beat old couple for food(got food)Night 5: Stabbed priest in hope of finding food(no food)Night 6: Slaughtered entire church following for food(got food)Night 15: Stealth killed whole bandit group for, you guessed it, food(got a bunch of food)Day 17: Get robbed and stabbed by my own group member over guilt(food stolen)10/10 Would kill for can of tuna"
76561198054776968,Recommended,282070,19303119,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,V O R L O N,"Needed food, went to an elderly couples house, did not harm them and took some of their food. I come back to the swag pad and I became broken. 10/10 would have stolen all the food next time."
,Recommended,282070,19300665,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Freduoooooooo,This need you to remember the location of resourses and make some smart but tough choices. Really a good game. 10/10
76561198087503408,Recommended,282070,19330760,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,akoopatroop,"Beautiful, atmospheric, thought-provoking. I love the way other stories are hidden around the world, explicitly in the inspectable notes and implicitly in the background artwork. So much attention to detail. The music and sound subtly support the experience. The gameplay itself is well done. At its core it is about managing resources, but the variety of characters, skills, locations, and priorities make the choices engrossing.The thing that makes This War of Mine unforgettable is its sophisticated approach to moral choice---you are not making simple choices that align of your character with good or evil, but watching the characters navigate the complexity of life in a war zone with strangers-turned-family, and most importantly watching the characters as individuals deal with the consequences of your choices. Starvation, illness, injury all threaten the survivors, as you would expect. But they can also end up dangerously depressed or prone to anger, which puts the entire crew at risk. They are each effected by the actions and fate of the others. It's a beautifully balanced mechanic.Not unrelentingly dark---I put off trying this game for a long time for fear it would be overwhelmingly sad. You can survive to the end of the war. You can chose to steal or not, to kill or not, to help or not. Each choice has real consequences, but the game is well-balanced with respect to these choices. It does not fall into the trap of having one ""right"" way to play.This is an engrossing game and an elegant exploration of humanity."
,Recommended,282070,13761994,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,tsk_thomas,"Deliberately killed one of my survivor cause we have no supply and i was desperate, only to have her journal became a best seller.10/10 would kill one of the survivors again"
,Recommended,282070,19327149,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SpectreCraft,"I snuck into a quiet neighborhood desperately looking for food and medicine for my group of survivors. I entered a home with an elderly couple who were just trying to make the best of things and make it through the conflict in peace. This was my first encounter with anyone outside of my group and when I was confronted by the elderly man for entering his home I freaked out and beat him to death with my bare hands in front of his crying wife. I quickly searched the house only to find that they had nothing and were defenseless, I had killed the man for no reason and left his elderly wife a widow and alone in a besieged city full of raiders, rapists, and murderers. I left and my character fell into a deep depression. This led to his eventual death due to starving himself by being unable to move from the spot on the floor where he was sobbing.Pros:-	A great art style.-	A unique and refreshing theme.-	Very atmospheric.-	Great sound effects and lighting.-	Morality system that has an effect on your gameplay.-	Survivor skill variety.-	Excellent resource management mechanic.-	Random events that add variety and re-playability.-	A scavenging and combat mechanic that complements the side-scrolling style of the game.-	Sends a very strong message about the reality of war.Cons:-	The game can become repetitive after a while.-	The game can be extremely challenging and frustrating.-	No speed-up time mechanic.If you’re looking for a survival platformer with crafting elements this is the game for you. This game is a welcome breath of fresh air in the survival game genre that truly does it’s best to make you feel like a civilian caught up in the middle of a conflict that you have no control over. This is a one of a kind gaming experience that will stick with you for a while and I highly recommend it."
76561197996046481,Recommended,282070,19322626,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ObviousIssues,"Playing this game makes me feel awful. You have to decide whether it's worth stealing food and other supplies from scared old people, or forces you to doubt your fellow man enough to even approach a supermarket to see if the looters will share their finds. Helping someone who comes to your door looking for aid might be your last mistake, or it might help you down the line. You never know."
,Recommended,282070,19326048,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Pants,I love this game.  It absolutly stays with you after your done playing.  One of my favorites ever.
,Recommended,282070,19324550,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,"Overall rating:10/10Description:a side scrolling platform survival game where you need to craft, scavange, and possibly kill in order to survive till the war finishes.Expected completion time:this is hard to predict for a few reasons1. it's permadeath. so there's a good chance you won't make it to the end on the first try (i didn't)2. the number of days you need to survive the war are randomly generated, so you don't kow when the war ends (just like in a real conflict)For those who like:don't starvevalient hearts, the great warReplayability?:absolutley, the gameplay is so addictive that i still occasionally play it almost a year later (and i rarely replay games)Value for money?:yesfor $20 it is exactly what i'd be willing to payCollectables?:there are some artwork and background storrys to collect, but since everry playthrough is different you'll replay it just for the new experienceThings of note:the length of the war can last  anywhere between 20-45 days but you never know when it'll end. this is a very unique game, one i am very happy to have in my collection"
76561198077765557,Recommended,282070,19533373,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Psychoscientist,"""Compellingly harrowing"" is the best two word sum up of This War Of Mine that comes to mind. Despite the game only being controlled on a 2D plane, I've rarely felt so emotionally involved in the fate of a games' characters.In This War Of Mine, you lay as the side of the conflict so commonly overlooked in video games; the ordinary people trapped in the middle of the government military and rebel militia, their lives turned upside down and each day now a struggle for survival. The people you manage are not tough, seasoned veterans, nor do they have survival guides and explosives recipes committed to memory. The three characters I began the game with constituted a chef, a reporter and a football player. Their everyday skills can still be of aid in wartime however; I lost count of the number of times Bruno the chef saved lives by using his cookery skills to stretch out food rations, or Katias skill with words in bargaining a few extra items in trade.For the player and characters alike, each day is lived on a knifes edge. It was rare that a day went by without at least one of my party forced to go hungry, or spend a day without sleep to ensure the shelter kept running. And during the night time raids, I would be holding my breath at the risk of being discovered as I picked over a bandit camp to scavenge some supplies. Crime waves and cold weather add to the feeling of desperation, as the wood you had stockpiled for a big build is devoured by the stove in an effort to stave off the winter, or thieves make off with your precious food in the night.The oppressive feel of TWOM almost qualifies this game for the horror genre, because you are certainly not playing it to feel happy. Most days will end with the very tangible feeling that the following morning will bring your fragile world crashing down around your ears, and you will be forced to find out ust how terrible a human being you're willing to become to survive. But, on the rare occassion when you have managed to keep everyone safe, warm, and fed, and the gentle swelling of the games fantastic soundtrack lifts around you, you'll feel that you've claimed a small victory for your gang, a moment of sanity snatched from the horror of wartime. And this game communicates those feelings better than any I've played before."
,Not Recommended,282070,19466194,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Zizo,"I can't recommend this game right now, but maybe in the future.The game lacks of controls. You can only play with the mouse and it's not that my hand gets tired but it gets frustating trying to move the camera or select characters and what not.Please add more controls.-wasd and/or arrows to move the camera.-Able to select characters with the numbers on keyboard.-Lock camera to character key.-Maybe audible voices with meaning, like characters should say out loud what they need or something, it's not sims and sims does a better job telling you what your sim needs.-Tab button for Bio of current selected character? Smaller Bio window and more readable?-Since you can play with only your mouse it would be nice if click or right click could skip the count day image every time you return home, just like ESCape does.-Chair or armchair?-Do you need to tune to a music station every day for it to be considered as amusing to the characters?-How about more than 1 person going scavaging? It could be 2 times the same mini game one after the other or 2 characters at the same time.*After finishing 2-3 stories I have to say that you can't do much down the road.If you try to make your home better you don't get the opportunity to make weapons and go out fight for expensive things.And if you try to build weapons and armor you won't have an ok home to even survive. Unless having a weapon can make you steal tons of food, but then your character will be very sad to unplayable.I get that the game is meant to be in war and sad and like a ""simulation"" but then give me more realism not just make it barely playable and call it a day. It feels like a puzzle, pray to god that the right pieces fall to your hand and try to piece it together with your feet. (cause of the lack of controls).I don't know what is their dream future of this game but it feels incomplete. And that's only the start, I don't want to be rude or anything if the other people find this game perfect but this game has potention and it's not there. Reminds me of some free flash defence games online that look less good but are more enjoyable.Great atmosphere though and nice trailer."
76561198187113021,Recommended,282070,19451275,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,thekittyking,"I love this game first of all,but pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeee add an easy medium hard and classic mode or an easier mode please,at least do this because I get to day 7 or 5 and die from hunger.I know it suppose to be hard, but for the people who are not hardcore stratigic mode people.So for the last time if you can add an easier mod.P.S. Great game,if you can add mods.Just an Idea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,282070,19479119,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,PlaneCargo191,"When I was new to video games, I always thought that the war games should be like shooting the other guys, but this game is different. This game has changed my mind.  War games are not always shooting games. Sometimes we should know what is the result of the war, not just what is fun in the war. Buy this game, there's no need to wait. (I think I'm bad at English, so I'm sorry if I use wrong words or wrong grammars.)"
,Recommended,282070,19479826,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Krok,"Extremely good atmosphere!I'm really happy that I bought this game plus its ""War-Child"" DLC!Can't wait to trade medicine and to look at those pieces of art :)I recommend this game plus it's DLC! Can't wait for the ""The Little Ones"" DLC!"
76561198087712309,Recommended,282070,19509592,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Wepz,I have to say this is the most fun I have had on a game for a long time.This War of Mine is so simple yet it is so brilliant.Hats off to the people who made this game.
,Recommended,282070,19514008,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,five-foot-a-bitch,"An eye-opening experience to the consequences and moralities of those caught up in war.I knew the game would be a different experience, and hard hitting, from watching other people play the game on Youtube. But boy, did I get myself into some state playing the game.Sitting there, playing God to survivors just trying to make it through a war, is a lot harder than I had originally thought. The choices you make DO matter so much in the end. Whether or not you give food to one character, whether you steal from others, rat out your neighbours to the local militia, or even worse, kill someone. Any morals you are firm in before starting this game, prepare yourself to throw it away. As you become desperate in the latter days, you become so desperate that you have to steal, or kill in self-defense, and yet, you feel so guilty for it afterwards.There are an immersive cast of characters, including your own made characters later on in the game. Some are far more useful than others, though have contrasting personalities. One can be completely against murdering someone, and yet another couldn't give a toss if you murdered someone for your own gain.The visual art style and soundtrack in this game is AMAZING. It gave me the sense of being there in that shelter, shivering or starving to death. When going through dangerous places, every little sound give me the creeps, kept me on my toes the entire time, just as a game should do.If I could fault it on anything, it'd have to be the controls and the tediousness of playing the game for awfully long. At first, not being an overly avid keyboard/mouse player, I found it a little difficult and almost tedious at first with the click to move function, especially when dragging the screen at first (until I realised I could simply move the mouse to the side of the screen to move it.) Playing the game for incredibly long like I did on my first playthrough over a span of a week or so became more of a chore as I continued on. Yet, nonetheless, the game had me immersed, and kept me coming back.Overall, I became incredibly fascinated and enlightened by This War of Mine. If you are looking to buy this, I wouldn't hesitate. Getting this in the Autumn sale was probably the best thing I had ever done!"
,Recommended,282070,19528326,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,brhoge,"It's simple, but it looks nice."
76561198044981279,Not Recommended,282070,19527391,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,parasti,"Don't make my mistake. Don't get this if you're looking for an ""experience of war seen from an entirely new angle."" This is not it. There's nothing about war in this game you haven't seen done better elsewhere. The war setting is a wrapper that you stop paying attention to after the first hour, because it doesn't matter. This is a resource management game. You gather supplies to craft tools and keep your survivors fed and healthy. The only ""constant danger"" is your backpack limit, as it determines how much you can bring back in one night and therefore controls the entire pace of your progress. That's pretty much it."
,Not Recommended,282070,19472327,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,newdiguo,"not much fun , katia has trading bug"
76561197966949075,Recommended,282070,19472371,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,fuzzus,"Every great game has a moment where you find yourself completely immersed and invested. Final Fantasy VI did it when Kefka betrayed the Emperor, pushed the Goddess Statues out of alignment and destroyed the world, only to have you wake up on a beach and realize the game was only half over. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 did it with their now-infamous ""Second Sun"" nuke scene, killing off your character in the aftermath of the nuclear detonation.  These moments tend to happen in story scenes, or in the most pitched of the action.For me, This War of Mine's defining moment happened on an inventory screen.This War of Mine (TWoM) is a resource management game where you play as a group of civilians in the middle of a war zone, struggling to survive as war rages around you. The game is based on the stories of an actual survivor of the siege of Sarajevo, which happened in the early- to mid-nineties in Bosnia & Herzegovina. During the day you maintain and upgrade your shelter, unable to venture out for fear of snipers. At night, you creep from your bombed-out building to scavenge for supplies, dodge soldiers, and interact with other survivors.The defining moment came for me while preparing for the eighth night on my first attempt of the game. Everyone was very hungry, and there was no food. Pavle was sick, and there was no medicine. As I prepared Marko for scavenging, I equipped him with a crowbar, a shovel....and a knife.I stared at that knife. Obviously, in TWoM, knives aren't for cutting watermelons or spreading hoity-toity cheese on expensive crackers. The knife was a weapon, my only weapon, and I knew that bringing that knife with me meant I was ready to kill to survive. Was I this desperate? Had it already reached the point of them-or-me? I put the knife back into the general supply. Surely there was a better way. My cursor hovered over the ""Scavenge"" button that would start the mission. I stared at that knife.I equipped Marko with the knife and started the night. ""Better to have it and not need it, right?"" I said to myself, but I already knew just how I would use it. At a nearby garage, a man was trading for meds for his sick father. The map screen assured me there was a lot of food and a lot of medicine: just what I needed to scrape us through another few days. I could lie to myself all I wanted, but it came down to this: this man and his sickly father were going to die tonight, just so my group could make it a little longer.As Marko approached the door to the garage, the man came out and asked to trade. I had Marko walk close to him, then pull out the knife and attack. Unfortunately (?), Marko's attack was not lethal....and the man had a gun. He shot Marko, instantly dropping him to severely wounded, knocking him back....and stopped. ""Get out of here and never come back!"" he yelled as Marko staggered away, after I'd clicked the ""Run to Exit"" button. When Marko made it home, now severely wounded and with no food or medicine, I swore and restarted the game.Life is NOT cheap in TWoM -- even though I'd stabbed this man and tried to rob him, even though he was protecting himself and his father, he wouldn't finish me off. It was humbling, in a way, and it cast other games in a strange light. So often, almost a hundred percent of the time, we gamers kill without thinking. It's the primary form of interaction with other entities in almost all of our games. Even in the games where you don't have to kill, a failed attack would almost certainly mean death for your character, but in TWoM, surrounded by death and destruction, life -- even the life of your enemy! -- is a precious thing.One of the best features of TWoM is a morality system that actually matters! Yes! It's not just a fancy way to open and close off items and skills: if you do bad things, your survivors become depressed. Become depressed enough, and they'll give up on life, unable to get out of bed (or off the floor, if you haven't built them beds). But do good things, and your characters will become happier. You can balance the atrocities of war with acts of generosity and selflessness...or cigarettes, coffee, and alcohol.There are other things to be said about TWoM, certainly. The crafting system is balanced such that you always feel like there's never quite enough resources. The art style, with its real photographs of characters and pencil-sketched feel, almost all stark black-and-white with very faint blushes of color, is evocative and dramatic. Every choice you make has repercussions: I can upgrade my workbench, but then I can't afford to build a vegetable garden. If I feed everyone today, I don't know where more food will come from. The game puts you in a constant struggle for survival...just the way it should be."
,Recommended,282070,19723424,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,PandaFett,"If you're into the whole side scroller, survivor, sim kind of game then this is the game for you. One of the better games I've played in awhile."
76561198164981898,Recommended,282070,19738833,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Pomy,"I really love the little details they have put in the game, espicially when you don't assign any task to the character and they will just walk around or making some small gesture. Also when you kill someone on the scavenger hunt or someone looking for help knocking on your door, the following day, every single character's dairy will have something new. It make me really into the game because of these little details."
76561197997408969,Recommended,282070,19739081,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hispania Invicta,"When I finished this game, I cried.   D;11\10"
,Recommended,282070,19740082,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Liquid Tears,"Do you like playing sims? Do you like war time? Do you like micro-managing horribly depressed adults as they struggle to survive... stealing from beggers, and slaughtering old people? Yeah? Then this game is for you!"
76561198069862135,Recommended,282070,19699491,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RevenantOcelot,A game so engrossing it took me till i finished a playthrough for me to realise that i was as tensed as the characters in the game.
76561198023793553,Recommended,282070,19711267,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,facmanpob,There really is nothing bad about this game. Buy it immediately!!
76561198066470604,Recommended,282070,19751866,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,RuneWulv,"one of the best games I've played. The only thing it suffers from is a lack of variety. but they just release mod tools to make even more items and the like! 11 Bit Studios, I hope you plan to make a fleshed out elaborate sequel with all these profits, I'll buy it sight unseen right now LOL"
76561197981676832,Recommended,282070,19523262,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,saint_terra,"Great game. The combo stealth, crafting, survival works really well. My only regret is that the end comes all of a sudden. I expected there would be a point at which we would be forced to take some desperate action, but that never came. I actually didn't have time to improve my shelter as much as I would have liked and there were still plenty of areas left unexplored! I'll probably try completing it a second time, given that there are many combinations of levels and characters possible.Anyway definitely a must play."
,Recommended,282070,19522206,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sanke,"Great game, that hits right in the feels."
,Recommended,282070,17340859,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,</Fryte_Nyteツ>,"This game was something unexpected for me, I have played many side scrollers and enjoyed them, but this is a keeper! each time is different, choices matter and they are life or death most of the time.Worth a buy and rather an awesome game!"
,Recommended,282070,17342376,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Finn the Sergal,"This game will play with your emotions, and I am not kidding when I say that I nearly cried on my first playthrough. I starded off fairly well, had some trouble with raiders, but got by. About eleven days in, I sent Marko to scavenge a church and he was killed when I sent him near a bandit. From there, the remaining three spiralled down to sadness, then depression, and then they either died or left. At thirty days, Bruno, the last one there, commited suicide. I was almost in tears. That is the second time a game has saddened me to the point of crying.Its reliance on interractions and morals both good and bad, and stealth make for great mechanics. The use of bios, addictions, radios and other luxuries, and journal entries add an atmosphere that some games just can't implement.The game still has its fair share of flaws, though. Ending the day before six-thirty pm means you miss chances to trade or assist people, which essentially means you just lost free supplies, or you pushed your survivors closer to suicide. If you go to scavenge, paranoia will make that rat upstairs into an agressive bandit, and while I appreciate that attempt to make you cautious, a two pound rat is much quieter than a two-hundred pound man who is also armed to the teeth (movement is indicated with red blips, and all the blips are the same size, btw).I would honsetly rate it a 9.4/10 altogether, the gameplay is tedious, but never agitating, it portrays what it intends to portray, and is an emotional rollercoaster from start to finish. If you want a game that is also an interactive expirience where your decisions actually do affect gameplay, this is your kind of game.(Sorry about the essay)"
76561198026786102,Not Recommended,282070,17342663,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,:(){:|:&};:,"I'm not sure whether I sould be praising this game or tearing it to bits. Well since it has been praised by the game critics so often you could think it was cure for cancer, let me balance the scales a bit.This game dosn't really work on linux. The executable is linked against the old version of a shared objects and the correct .so-file is not distributed with the game.It is simply not acceptable that I have to debug a recent game to get it to run."
76561198064162552,Recommended,282070,17348952,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Thunder-Bear,"It's short and sweet but filled with delicious content, setting and heart pulling decisions that will test your skills and moral compass9/10"
76561198066174290,Recommended,282070,17699380,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,VoX=MorteM,"One may be tempted to write this one off as just an 'anti-war message' by War Child; but this is one of the smartest, most immersive war-based gaming experiences you can hope for.There is no 'restart' option, and no 'load saved game' button; nothing to remind you that you're playing a game. The gloomy menu just says 'survive' (a small quit button's tucked away in a corner), which allows you to select a file of richly drawn characters, with back stories inspired from real life.In the game itself, there is sometimes nothing to hold you back from ""winning"" (per se) except for an unethical decision, say, to rob a passive elderly couple that begs you not to steal their food. The theme makes it weirdly difficult to remember that you're dealing with 1s and 0s. Even at the best of time, there's little sense of triumph.This is an extraordinary rouge-like game with excellent replay-value, which creatively delivers its message about the devestation of war."
76561198041658841,Recommended,282070,17699516,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,minicheum,"A survival game, where you need to plan ahead of time what you will need to be getting during the exploration phase. Your resources are limited, time is precious, and you will be constantly be making decisions on what you will bring back to the shelter with your limited inventory space.Wood ? Sure I'll take that we need a lot of it, wow heck it takes a lot of space.Components ? Yes, I have to build a lot of stuff.Meds ? Oh yes, these fetch for a great reward when exchanged for basic components, and a cold comes faster than you might think.Food ? I don't have enough space now, we are a bit hungry, but I can come back tomorrow night for that, and starve myself a bit more.Weapon parts ? We were raided last night, we managed to fend those thieves off, but we will need at least a knife to keep them in their place the next day...Electric part ? I don't have enough space in my inventory right now, but we need to build that upgraded stove at all cost before winter freezes us to death...Books, cofee, cigarettes ? I don't have enough space in my inventory right now, but with the hunger, the sickness, we could all use some more comfort in those little things.Our cook got wounded last night when some pillagers tried to force their way in our shelter. The war front is blocking access to the hospital. He can hold himself alive by staying in bed, but we will need to find bandages fast, or learn cooking...Water ? I wish I had brought back every single drop of water when I could. All we can do now, in the middle of winter, is burn every last bit of wood and books we have to try and melt snow to get the water we need to cook some food.A complete run lasts for about 8h, and the game cen be replayed with different set up in a really enticing way.Once you know about the basics of the game and explored the scavenging areas available, this game is similar, but really much, much easier than ""don't starve""."
,Recommended,282070,17707993,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,LaZycAt,-Placeholder-
76561197988315253,Recommended,282070,17708745,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,aCiDcHaOZ,"Great game, original artwork. You really start to feel for the characters in the game!"
,Recommended,282070,17656677,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,slugzzz,What can I say -- this game is beautiful in its simplicity. Would highly recommend -- and would recommend higher if controller support were added!
76561198040915374,Recommended,282070,13740097,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Baron Von Snuggles,"This is a great game, love almost every aspect of it. great building system, great survival aspects. you actually feel like you're in a war. the people you play as respond emotionally to what happens in the game (friend dies, they are sad. etc) Only thing thats been irritating me is that i have died multiple times on scavanger hunts soley because i click to go somewhere and it either doesnt send me where i want to go, or it sends me in the opposite direction of where i want to go. (directly in front of a shotgun weilding hobo) now, this happens rarely, but if a person dies, they are dead permenantly. and specific people have specific perks. (run fast, better scavanger etc) if you die because you click *run to the exit* and it sends you to the exit with 20 enemies in the way,( who are all very angry, trigger happy individuals) instead of the exit with no one in your way. you end up dieing and possibly losing a fantastic perk, in the most infuriating way possible.anyway, i highly recomend this game. just be prepaired for the few ""WHAT THE F****** F***!? F*** YOU, YOU F****** F***!"" moments"
,Recommended,282070,17661372,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Painkiller,"A piece of art !Love the atmosphere and the darkness that hangs around.Gameplay is great and haven't encountered any bugs so farI usually don't replay a game when it's finsihed, cause iv'e mostly seen it by then...but i caught myself replaying this game without hesitation.10/10"
76561197982625220,Recommended,282070,17666872,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,SoulSauce,"It's a fairly hard and unforgiving game, but it's unique and worth playing it if it's on sale."
76561198055614579,Recommended,282070,17530144,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,abunchofrandomwords,It's really good.
,Recommended,282070,17531152,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Bobtail,"Get's you hooked straight awayi've really enjoyed the few hours ive put into this game,It grabs you staight away with its simple and easy to use controls, the point and click system is really intuative and the crafting is probably one of the easiest systems iv'e used.As for the gameplay your going to be loving this game for the first hour, then your probably going to kill eveyone, then you'll play for another two hours, love it, then kill everyone again. this is not an easy game, it's easy to learn but very difficult to master, which is an attribute that i think creates some of the best game's.The one slight issue i have is that its not very deep, it's a game that you'll pick up and play for a couple of hours maybe once a week, once you've played it once or twice its a bit rinse and repeat but for the price its defiently worth it. The crafting just keeps this game's head above the water on the front.The thing that makes this game great for me is the way it makes you feel, you feel like your in the war trying to survive, you feel awful when you can't save a dying neighbour or you have to kill that innocent man just to eat for one more day, it surrounds you with immersion and the sounds track is pivitol in that role."
76561198003159276,Recommended,282070,14838710,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,paulolsen175,"Love it to bits!Awesome game! Has potential for quite a few playthroughs and the environment and mood is really immersing. Did I mention that it looks absolutely beautiful as well? Well it does!All I could wish for is a sequal, or just a bit more content."
76561198059361175,Recommended,282070,17382824,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Danny Trejo,"This game is brillinat!Its war from the perspctive of the civilians cut in the conflict.  The things they have to do to survive, how far down the spiral would you go to save you and yours."
76561198202336782,Recommended,282070,17383530,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Muggost78,"Wow, this is really different than most other... games. Except its not a game. Or maybe it is... Well, it feels more like someones personal experience with war and it does a pretty good job in conveying all the emotions, regrets, sorrows and other difficult feelings associated with war."
,Recommended,282070,17391184,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,JacoboTheHobo,"I just beat this game for the first time, and it was a really fun management game that makes you think hard about your actions. It made me genuinely feel sad when I killed innocent people in order to survive or watched my people slowly starve."
76561198116746391,Recommended,282070,17391503,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Bill Clinton,If you enjoy survival games and are tired of easy and unthoughtful ones you should definetly give this game a chance
76561197991590262,Recommended,282070,17310632,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Johnny,"Great, definitely challenging"
76561198037381072,Recommended,282070,17311881,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,shitrit87,An amazing game.You can play it time after time and it just keeps getting better!!
,Recommended,282070,17312567,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Voyevoda,>First Day Scavenge>Find little food>Find little medical supplies>Build bed>Build cook stove>Build metal working bench>Make shovel>Night comes>Pick Deserted House>Supposed to be no one there>Loot outside>Walk in front door>Get greeted by old man>Tells me he has nothing and to leave>I walk out>But I need those meds and food>What do I do?>Equip shovel I made earlier>I didn't want to do this>I'm sorry old couple>WAR IS HELL10/10
76561198135338297,Recommended,282070,17318487,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,fort,It is like playing a less colorful version of the sims.10/10-Needs pet DLC though
76561198035652142,Recommended,282070,17568318,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Alun Garland,"Brilliant game something diffrent at every turn and for the price great value better than some, no most games i have paid £50 pounds for."
76561198148215538,Recommended,282070,16216872,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Bubbley,I made my story all my friends died (I put me in the game) I tryed to kill one of the guys who killed my friend I got stabed 5 times lived run back was very very sick leathley ingured and i surived it all but killed my self 20/10 would kill my self agian
76561198042565827,Recommended,282070,17578406,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,MacHeath,"Played the game many times. My only complaint is that they haven't added any new stuff or expanded the game. I would love to see more content, or a similar game with different setting and/or setup.Great game."
,Recommended,282070,17623401,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Gbarker2000,"Truly one of the greatest games I have ever played. Not only is the gameplay challenging and well balanced, the game is one of few that makes you not only think about the moral consequences of conflict in game but contemplate it in real life as well. The desicions all have repercussions whether one realizes it or not, and forever affects the ingame survivors. I give this game as hearty a recommendation as I can."
76561197970556535,Not Recommended,282070,17623678,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Greek Anal Sex,Very frustrating
76561198023376885,Recommended,282070,17625744,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Gamera,"This is like The Sims, but It's a survival game.There's no food or life meter, but you have hungry, tired, not feeling well, or content.the only thing that I don't like is no one talk to each other. They only talk to themselves. I think the only time they talk to each other is when one of them is depressed and you order another survival to cheer him/her up.I love this game. If you play smart then you will have prenty of things to do from day 1."
,Recommended,282070,17620062,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,chloe,great game
76561198174640634,Recommended,282070,17634502,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Griffdog,i love this game. everything about it screams survival horror. this is not a game i can put into words that can do it justice so watch this and see what you think yourselfhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EW-w8zd5Xbk
,Recommended,282070,17594802,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Keg,Very great survival game that will push your suvival skills to the limit do you gather food or go for medicine? The choice is yours.
76561198053166129,Recommended,282070,15399218,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,eanhard,Great game played it through several times. not a  big fan of the pick a line up. wasnt there when i first played and i play it on random now.  Ps i hate bruno
76561198062450109,Recommended,282070,17616212,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Red,Great game.
,Recommended,282070,17616913,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Trashlord,"I purchased this game on sale, and after playing several days back to back, I would say that I am glad I did not pay full price for it.I had seen it in the store for some time and I was very excited to purchase it at a reduced price. The game looked amazing, a compelling story line, crafting, scavanging, survival. It looked emotive, and it is.The art style of the game creates a very fitting atmosphere, as does the soundtrack.Overall I can say that I have mostly enjoyed the time I have spent playing so far.However, there are considerable drawbacks.As far as I can tell there is no tutorial scenario or instruction of any kind for the game (please let me know if I am wrong so I can read it). This made the first hour (at least) of gameplay much more challenging than it should have been. For example I am still unaware how to unlock more backpack space, if you can even do that.Additionally, after about day 7 of survival the game just... loses something. You come to realise that this really is the game - all of it. Wake up, feed your survivors, send the night guards to sleep, make sure theyre not cold or sick. Wait for 8pm. Send one person to one of perhaps 12 locations to look for food or materials. Yes, the avoidance of conflict at the beginning of the game can be pretty nerve-wracking but after you have weapons the danger loses its edge a little.Overall, a really good game, the concept is awesome as is the art and music. The story and actual game progression just lacks something.TLDR: Good game for casual play at sale price. Little underwhelming after the hype."
,Recommended,282070,17572683,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Fang,"There is not much I can say about this game that hasn't already been said. it's one part scavanger hunt, one part resource management simulator. Only gripe that I have is that you can't send out multiple scavangers on the same night, it becomes usesless to have more than 3 people in your house at any one time."
,Recommended,282070,16197890,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,NaLa,"*UPDATED*This is a great game, (by the way i like the War Child DLC grafitti, had it since the first few hours it came out!) but I'm just going to make this review a suggestion spot.[]= OptionalSuggestions:Mod Workshop- So you can download characters/maps/gamemodes.More custom characters- So whe can have more than just one customizeable character in our story[]Cheat mode- Give youself anythingMore characters-You know what I mean.Short game mode- So you can do a short 10-Day story.Write your own story house- We can choose our start house when we do the Write your Own Story.More maps- Different maps to choose from. Includes Cities."
76561198097680058,Recommended,282070,17551577,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,cowboyhaGVN,"Tons of fantastic experience from this game. It teaches me the irony, the hardship, and the feeling from the war. It's amazing just how simple it is to reach my awareness about the war.Yes, this is kind of ""let feel it"" games, the graphic, the music is simple, and the gameplay is carefully planned, where you try to survived through the war with tons of things with and against you. Trust me, that's mostly your heart.Buy it, and feel your own feeling about survival, through a war."
,Recommended,282070,17553440,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,TotaalinenChaos,"This is a dark unforgiving survival based game about the horrors of war. Not in the eyes of a soldierbut in eyes of a little survival civilian group that has to figth against cold winter,bandits, traps, inviromen but worst of all sanity. If you buy this game its not going to be a funny silly game. its a story about what happens behind scenes of battlefield or call of duty. Its a great game with a great athmosphere. 9/10"
,Recommended,282070,18379003,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Toot Toot (Yeah) Beep Beep,By far the most compelling suvival game I've played to date. Super good A+++
,Recommended,282070,18377176,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,RatCatcher,War! War never changes? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It gets worse with every day.
76561198032066739,Recommended,282070,18377314,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,trancemonger,"Everyone who likes wargames should play this.  In my opinion everyone who likes games at all should play this.  It delivers a very real message that needs to be heard.  I enjoyed the game, but it never let me feel at ease.  Only quick breaths of relief in between heart-wrenching situations."
76561198068898321,Recommended,282070,18372122,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,jarballo490,Awsome game. Great atmosphere with constant tension. Only complaint is that it could use a few more tool tips but thats would take from the emersion so i can definitaly live with it
76561197970995285,Recommended,282070,18372239,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,vonMises,"Brilliant game design. Makes you feel war, unlike the typical tag-with-guns war game."
76561198070859208,Recommended,282070,18372519,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,โย้ว! โป้งตีนเอง,One of the greatest games I've ever played. Recommend you guys who are considering right now. Just Buy This Game !
,Recommended,282070,18371698,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Lordnine,"Compelling, brutal and demoralizing.   You may not have fun but it’s hard not to appreciate what it does."
76561198031769292,Recommended,282070,18371749,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Alex Met,The concept of the game is excellent. The combination with the beautiful soundtrack is giving the sense of being actually in the house. It’s very difficult till you find the right tasks you should do. After that is fairly easy. I played it many times and enjoy it. You should buy it.
,Recommended,282070,18371894,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,V A G L E V O R,"Сложнаяя игрушка на выживание.Каждую игру вы начинаете в разрушеном доме имея 3(4) перса.Вам нужно ""расчистить"" ваш дом и найти ресурсы(разбирать завалы,открывть шкафы и т.д.).После вам понадобится верстак для того что бы сделать некоторые начальные вещи(кровать,печка,лопата и т.д.).После первого дня у вас открывается некоторое ночное меню здесь вы можете распределить что будет делать каждый ваш перс всего 4 действия.1)""добывать""-вы должны вабрать любую локацию для добычи ресурсов ваш перс идёт туда и ищет там ресурсы.При добычче вы можете видеть маленькие красные круги- это звуки кого либо будь это военный,бомж или же просто крыса.2)""охранять""-ваш персонаж защищает ваш дом от грабежей используя при этом оружие(если оно есть).При защите могут ранить охранника.Иногда 1 человек не может справится и нужно оставлять по 2.3)""спать""-ваш перс остаётся спать на холодном полу и под утро появляются параметры ""плохо спал"" и ""устал""4)""спать в кровати""-ваш прс спит в кроватьи если он конечно же имеется он хорошо высыпается залечивает раны и отдыхает.В игре вам придётся делать сложные выборы например:отдать лекарства детям у которых больна мать или пойти на линию фронта для того чтобы забрать припасы со своим соседом.Если вы не будите помогать то тот кто отказал будет опечален.Также опечаленым будут все если кто то умрёт. Если вы всегда будете помогать людям то они могут приносить вам различные предметы(драгоценности,лекарства и т.д.).У каждого персонажа свои навыки кто-то хорошо торгуется,кто-то сильный боец,кто-то опытный добытчик  и т.п. Если мне не изменяет память всего 9-11 персонажй.У каждого персонажа есть своя история.Во время игры к вам может придт персножа и поросить жить с вами если вы согласитесь то у вас будет +1перс а если нет то ерсы будут опечалиныТакже можно создать свою историю,своих персонажей со своей историей и навыками,свою карту мира(выбрать где бандиты а где крыс;где рынок а где церковь)"
,Recommended,282070,18373412,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Llamalander,Great game with lots of depth and replayability. The game's environment is very immersive and I found myself legitimately caring about the safety and wellbeing of my survivors across all playthroughs! Can't recommend this game enough.
76561198239062620,Recommended,282070,18373449,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Azkaban,I've played this game ever since it came out and finally i bought it on steam.
76561198084687137,Not Recommended,282070,18373806,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Franko,Had fun for the first 4 hours then the repetition got boring. I wouldnt reccomend this game at full price but for 8 bucks it's not bad.
,Recommended,282070,18368364,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,fl0ren hellcase.com,Raz ur dongers kappa (^>^)It's alot of fun if you have time to get really imersed.
76561198151872191,Recommended,282070,18368490,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,andrade,The best game EVER!!!
,Recommended,282070,18368888,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Drew Austin,Great game. Wonderful survival strategy. Great theme of showing military conflict from the point of view of the the majority of those who experience it. Can't recommend enough.
76561198069160630,Recommended,282070,18368936,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Wildfire,Fub game. hard to survive the first time...but you get some cool ticks
76561198048035345,Recommended,282070,13109950,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Inkspot,"Goddamn a dephressing game! but still it was awesome i survived 23 days and i mean i woud totally buy it again my deaths were really dramatic and stuff commited suiceids ,getting shot while guarding 9,5/10"
76561198035298745,Recommended,282070,18400474,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,panzer981,"Great game mechanic's, fresh look into who really suffers and how in the times of war."
,Recommended,282070,18401029,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,/*ZEUS*/,KEY TO SURVIVAL: Rat traps... 10/10
76561197966973971,Recommended,282070,18399287,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,_ston3,"Have had an eye on it for quite some time, thinking ""shurley, it cant be that good"" whit TB and many others comparing it to ""press F to feel"" of CoD, But it is! It is rly this good, and its just a ""basic"" game of survival but the ""bio"" and reading thats involved makes it that mutch more, it makes u (even if u'r a coold hearted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like me) feel pitty, not to say i dint rob the ealderly coupple blind of food and med's, but it conveys that message of indirect trauma i bestowed upon others that take supply from.... Good game, i paid ~10€, and 15€ and above is a bit mutch imo."
76561198123385118,Recommended,282070,20095146,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Snappl Crackl,"After ~20 hours, I've finally ""survived"" the Civil War of This War of Mine.And I've never been more distraught with peace.This game had me regret every decision I made by rewarding me. The goal is to survive, but the game reminds you that morals can kill as easily as a knife. With everything I grabbed, I ran the risk of a raiding party in the night to hurt and/or take my things. Considering the focus of the game is the innocent bystanders of war, there are moments equally beautiful and bittersweet to remind you that war hurts everyone.Absolutely recommend this game to anyone willing to have their heart broken, put back together, then ripped to pieces."
,Recommended,282070,20102753,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Concrete Donkey,"Realistic isn't the right word, but it's certainly worth playing. Illness, hunger, weather, fatigue, safety and guilt really put a different spin on managing your resources."
76561198039709824,Recommended,282070,20114375,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,POOP TRAIN!!!,It's a breath of fresh air
76561198251331354,Recommended,282070,20226406,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Harley Quinn!,EXCELLENT!!
,Recommended,282070,20226487,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,spaceslug,"I love this game, it's so well-made. Supplies are scarce, enemies either shoot-on-sight or give a warning, winter is just...yeah. Overall, this game is just incredible, very realistic, not an easy game, for sure. It's still in development, so I can't wait to see what comes in the future."
76561198061824645,Recommended,282070,20228012,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,wesleto02,"Not exactly a game you play for enjoyment.....Its one of those games that you play mostly because its interesting not because you're having a blast. The first couple play throughs of the game you will lose.... Unless you look up a guide or something, you will just not survive. Which makes the game depressing right from the get go. You'll spend half the game caring for dying team mates as winter sets in and the weather becomes just as deadly as any looters, and the other half rummaging around destroyed parts of the city for any supplies that might be of use to your group.Mechanics are solid, you'll feel some feels, and if nothing else its a game worth experiencing."
,Recommended,282070,20163251,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,energy_,Amazing game.
76561198002694797,Recommended,282070,20186691,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Koski,"Absolutely amazing game, it's way more than just a survival or war game. It's a whole package that is loosely wrapped around characters that are easy to relate to. This game will make you either quit and restart a whole bunch of times because of bad decisions or made. Or you will be seriously questioning your own decisions at the end of the day.I recommend just starting a random new game and just going with whatever survivors you get. The difficulty is about perfect in all modes (but sometimes winter comes really early and can sometimes be very harsh).This game is fantastic and full price is a SOLID 10/10. Even better right now it's 66% off on steam holiday sale. You can't find a better game for under 7 dollars right now.I know it's cliche, but this game is an 11/10 for me. Easily one of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,282070,20186927,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,celerycakes,"When you managed to survive the war in this game, it is actually touch T.T I was really really wanted to stay as kind-hearted as possible, as good as possible because during previous gameplay all my character went broken and in the end they all went to heaven.Started with 4 person in a survival team. Scavenge all the stuffs I can, even help a lady with the only food I have (*cries). Things went bad, I started to kill the very first person, and the friend actually begging me to not kill him but I did D: Robbed all the stuffs, left only a traumatise women, pretty heartless. Went back to shelter, all the characters got depressed. Half way, one starving to death and the other one robbed the shelter, guess is karma lol Trying very hard, finally they all recover from depression. Survive through winter, bandits, and FINALLY WAR IS OVER.As a gamer, I found this game is very real, it really captures what the real life is, how a person feels, how the environment will actually affects your daily life and so on. I would say if you are looking for a real life experience in game, this is good enough, is not a game that only have one way to survive, you don't need to fully upgrade all your things or for example need to stock up for food and wood or maybe need to go out everyday to scavenge. You can play your own way, have your own strategy as long as you get to survive.Also keep in mind, this is consider a very short game and is not meant for everyone, if you like survival and strategy game, this is a game which worth trying. I won't say everything in this game is well thoughtout but it is a very good experience. The only reason for me to replay again and again is to find a most effective way to survive and go for more challenging mode but as most people say once you get it through then you will know what to do in future gameplay."
,Recommended,282070,20208366,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Scarlet Paine,"Err Mey Gud. Err Mey GUD! Such a wonderful game.From the art and soundtrack to the difficult decsions you have to make. Rob the elderly couple with hella meds or let your friends die tomorrow. ♥♥♥♥♥ stabbed me with a knife and you killer, defend yourself and get depressed the rest of the game or run with the supplies you stole and get ♥♥♥♥♥ed at by your friends.The causes and the effect to the MAX. How long will you last?"
76561198149719749,Recommended,282070,20212940,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,IceTechnician,When i played it first i had a heart-breaking experience of it because the developers put lots of effort into making it look realistic and although they have some pencil black and white graphics (which i really enjoyed) it is a very addicting Anti-War-Game overall
,Recommended,282070,20212272,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[MW]Neo,"Brutal games, yet so emotional.Feel like it is me who is suffering the war."
76561198157941318,Recommended,282070,20217837,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Josh,"This War of MIne is amazing. It pulls on your heart strings and brings you to make life or death choices with intense emotional conflict. Its strategical and deep with rich story. Not many games bring your own heart into the game so deeply. You become attached to the characters and fight for their survival. The dialogue is very rich and thought through, each situation causing you to make decisions that could help you live for a week, or get your best scavenger killed. I would definetly recommend this game to a friend. 11/10"
,Recommended,282070,28380468,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,weeFour,"This game is absolutely spectacular at what it does. It isn't an action packed game, but it IS an emotional roller coaster. It excells at being deceivingly difficult, and implores the player's heart on several occasions.I'll give an example of this one scenario absolutely did it in for me. Me and my buddy were starving, and my buddy was in pretty bad condition. Our other mate got killed (because the game is also deceivingly brutal) so we were on our own. I went into some old couple's house and behold, supplies galore. The old couple desperately pleaded as they tried to convince me to leave them alone. I took their damn food and their damn meds, but on my way out I thought, ""Well...now they're gonna starve."" I did what I thought was best and killed them, but it was partly because I'd just lost my character's buddy. On my way out I find a letter they wrote to some kid/nephew/grandchild of theirs saying how the war would end eventually and how they'd love to see him again.When I got back, my mate was dead. His sickness finally did it in for him. I killed those old folks (because TBH even if I left them they would have died in a realistic scenario) for absolutely nothing.8/10 game for me"
,Recommended,282070,20223807,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,fandrfa,Higly recommended.
,Recommended,282070,20206321,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Scott Mac,"Love it. Quite grim.My first playthrough:Survived about 10 days then food started running short. People started getting hungry.Allowed a 4th person to join us, Roman, the runaway rebel soldier.Thought we could uses his combat training to help with guarding the place, after Katia got some injuries fending off looters.Then Pavle made a mistake out scavenging and got killed. That made everyone sad.Katia died the next night from her wounds.The same night, Roman robbed us and ran off.That lefta  very depressed and broken Bruno.He hung himself almost immediately. Guess he couldn't handle surviving by himself.The end.My people only lasted 13 days. Ouch."
76561198121464988,Recommended,282070,20206593,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,brettcline717,"This is up there with The Last Of Us in the feels catagory. You have to do some terrible things in order to keep your group alive, and most of the time it ends up not being enough. Had one person survive until the cease fire and instead of credits the game reminded me of all the terrible things i did and all the friends I lost... Awesome game. i recommend it. Its only a point and click but the back stories along with the soundtrack and color scheme, make for a exciting, emotional fight for survival.9/10"
76561198065984745,Recommended,282070,20204692,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TEH DOGGIE SQUAD,"John Cena, Gaben, and Pink Guy teamed up together to survive the war. John Cena killed everyone in the scavanging areas. Gaben hacked the game to get infinite food, water, and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pink Guy just ended up pink like he was. They all died the end."
,Recommended,282070,20205509,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mia,Wars. Wars never end.
,Recommended,282070,20170832,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,killerkitten,One of the best games I have ever played.
76561198080595091,Recommended,282070,16920952,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ThePolioPirate,"10/10 all the way. Played with one character, killed homeless man, got depressed, slept off that with a bottle o' booze, next day I brutally stabbed a womans boyfriend right in front of her and she continued to ask me why I did it as I ran home, hung myself and lost the game. Everyone should play this game"
76561198154974759,Recommended,282070,16921116,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Anonymoose,"Very good message about places that are in war right now and, in general, is a very good survival type simulater."
,Recommended,282070,17162128,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,shm0,Fantastic game - got truly addicted for a whole weekend until I figured out how the gameplay mechanics work and the formula for success. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,282070,17130461,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TakumaGear,This is the great game!
76561198119241655,Recommended,282070,17135336,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,AstroCunt,Good game but i cant take it seriously enough (thats just me though) because i kill my people when i get bored and just end up restarting. 8/10
,Recommended,282070,13767929,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Иαмɛ Єяяσя,"This is a really amazing game. I have only played 2.8 hours so far though. My scavenger Marco was killed while scavenging and I felt really sad. The game gets to your emotions. Probably one of the top 3 games I have ever played.Update: I played more of This War of Mine, I died on day 36. Bruno had survived weeks longer than anyone else. Very Sad but very good Game. 9/10"
76561198051378539,Recommended,282070,17144305,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Wedrujacy,"It's hard to forget it... in one game designers combine interesting point n click game with hard topic of war, and they have done that well.Game touch different layers of that what could happen with people who will be pushed in between confict.Will we be helpfull to other survivors and hope that acts of humanity are the correct way... or rather we will protect only ourselfs and try to stay alive independed on costs even if that will mean to cross red line...If you are looking for game that could be played few times due to different scenarios, where your choices and actions will have impact in future and you want to lead your ppl to survive in hostile eviroment but not in direct conflict as an soldier... try it."
,Recommended,282070,17116591,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MeowTheLover,This game will really make you question whether or not you're a good person as you must make the hard decisions in a town destroyed by war.
,Recommended,282070,17118365,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,✪Brotherman Bill,"In a city torn apart by war, you must do terrible things to survive and survival is everything. Sometimes, you just need to end a life to keep yours. And that's what makes This War of Mine such a great game."
,Recommended,282070,17119687,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Krom,"A great game with good replay value. This game focuses on the survival aspect of strategy games, with emotion, base and nutrition management all being important values of the game. Many characters are different and you find yourself playing different routes once you succeed or fail with one. Very recommended."
,Recommended,282070,16884301,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Officer K,"Every choice is yours.Do you go outside and risk running into a group of thugs who want to kill you for your shoes?Or do you stay inside and battle your own mind as it falls apart during this crisis?This War of Mine has a great balance of exploration, story and combat that will keep any long time survival fan happy while pleasing and impressing new players to the genre.The best parts of the game come from the morality choices and the way your character will deal with them.  If you have one character attack and murder helpless people, they will start to slowly snap and unravel.  I have had characters leave, commit suicide or just go batshit insane.  That level of detail alone adds realism to this game that very few survival games have.Choose wisely."
76561198079928611,Recommended,282070,16887167,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,kgin47,"Wonderfully depressing. There are no other words as all decisions you make have their own reprocussions. Throughout the war, you're forced to consider your own responsibility as human beings against the general welfare of your team. Are you willing to kill to make it through another night?Progressing through the initial stages of the game is relatively simple, yet reaching the end is surprisingly difficult. I do wish that the game had more replay value. As long as you have a general strategy, the gameplay is relatively similar across all characters."
76561198007487478,Recommended,282070,16889757,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,peper4000,.
,Recommended,282070,17397014,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,narkius,"It's so depressing. Seeing your mates getting sick. Seeing your mates getting shot at. Seeing them suffer in their bed. While you are trying to loot from abandoned places, to rob other people, to survive the cold, to find a scrap of food. Highly recommended game. Love the refreshing graphics in pencil style,"
76561198122040415,Recommended,282070,17399597,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Umwelt007,There is a bug that households will lock the entrance and then shoot u because u can't run outBut that's the only bug I found so far
76561197996384986,Not Recommended,282070,17403585,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Mack_The_Knife,Does not run on Ubuntu 15.4 with nvidia drivers (stock or x-swat)
,Recommended,282070,17686131,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Gannon,nothing like robbing an old lady of her meds to save your own♥♥♥♥♥ looting there house while they plead for you to leave some for them♥♥♥♥♥♥i'm trying to survive these meds are mine of course i busted into the old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s home carrying a .45 and a crowbar who was he to question my authority. but really some dark stuff in this game but after playing other survival games i've become a monster i will step on a kids throat if that means my character survives so i shed no tears for these NPC's.
76561198059723156,Recommended,282070,17686630,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Insurgent,"fun, challanging, and every choice counts. 11/10 would have marko die to lag again"
76561198009749761,Recommended,282070,17712226,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,citronsmag,Genious gameplay. This also made me look deeper into the fascinating and frightnening story of the Sarajevo Siege.
,Recommended,282070,17713754,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Revelations,"Honestly one of the best games i've played in a while. It rewards you for playing safe but punishes you if you sometimes don't just realise that you are trying to survive in a warzone. Makes finding resources difficult as you cna't just mass stack a load of wood, components etc when scavenging and you can only ever send one person out at a time.It seriously busts your balls if you lose your people though for example : Lost my Scavenging guy in two run throughs (haven't finished the game yet, ran out of food twice aswell) and when losing him my resources just ceased to exist.Recommend this game massively for the atmospheric feeling of impending doom and destruction from the pestilance of life and the common bandits and other surviours in the war torn city.."
76561197981804086,Recommended,282070,18382379,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tetran,Watch drunk soldiers get giggity with looting civilians? 10/10
,Recommended,282070,18380052,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ziad10a,"Great game for all that I can say.I like survival games and resource managment is a very great genre also.Pros:-Diverse characters can affect the situation-Background music-Atmosphere with the bombing in the background, the lights and all the war-related structures-Related to the real events that happened in the past in Sarajevo-Gameplay 10/10-Characters get affected also from your decisionsCons:-Not multiplayer (I know it's not easy to make it multiplayer but I needed to put something in the Con list  :P )but all in all I'd rate it 11/10I might have forgotten something in the pros but I love the game in and out ...Great job"
,Recommended,282070,18380214,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,San-E and Mad Clown,gg m8 10/10
,Recommended,282070,18380232,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,aks,The Sims: Deppressing War Zone. 10/10
76561198011604143,Recommended,282070,18380368,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ScoutMaggs,"Buy this game. Just do it. Hands down one of the best games I've ever played and I've played a lot of games.First of, the atmosphere is just amazing. Gunfire echoes in the background and shells explode somewhere far away (thankfully). There is always a sense of insecurity and dread. Do we have enough food? Do we have enough water? Enough ammo? Medicine? These questions usually come up in survival games but where most games (IMO) only ask these questions during the first half of the game This War of Mine keeps asking you again and again and again. It keeps throwing new challenges at you and if you ever start feeling like ""okay, I think we got this"" it makes damn sure to pull you down to earth again.Then there are the choices. Some are easy, some are hard and some are just borderline impossible. Do you help your neighbours when there house is shelled? Do you give away your last bandage to help someone in need? Do you kill an innocent to stay alive?"
76561198175521437,Recommended,282070,18393559,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,aangelic,Im usually too lazy to write reviews....but this game is excellent.
76561198229570900,Recommended,282070,18393021,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Raider,"If you had not played this game, man you really wasted.I would be more addictive to this game than Witcher 3."
76561198016698600,Recommended,282070,18392146,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Bedlam,"I'd fully recommend this game, it's a great game, with a lot of emotional value and great gameplay.The soundtrack is really beaufiful as well, and there is a lot of variation in gameplay. I started the game four times over in three hours, but that didn't matter for me, because I was having fun all over again. You really start to feel compassionate towards certain people and about certain eventsThe artwork is really beautiful and unique, which gives great atmosphere and feelings.I think it is one of the masterpieces of last year. and overlooked by a lot of people.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,18394526,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ramvi,Great game
,Recommended,282070,18394550,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Grat,"The first game that gave me the ""what should i do.. omg i'm really confused"" feeling.So gg.. the most realistic war simulation ever.Go Buy It while it's on sale."
76561198007511718,Recommended,282070,18353083,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dylanface,"One of the best games I've ever played. Ignore the time spent, I've played it plenty on another persons account, I only bought this copy to support the developers because they deserve it.This game is like playinng a terribly tragic movie that gives you unending depression, it's fantastic!"
,Recommended,282070,13528077,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,nickhunng93,"I like this game very much, it will pretty much make you feel you're in the middle of the war. Every decision shall lead you to different path. One wrong move might brings you disaster. There's multiple of style you can play with, while the game will get's slightly different every time you play with different (group) of characters.Shall you be the good samaratian, helping each other. Or maybe killing anyone who's in your way and steal everything you can. No matter what you want to do, you're in the middle of the war."
76561198115374089,Recommended,282070,18357228,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SkarabCZ,"Play it... Just play it... This ""game"" reflects true war much better than some f**king hollywood FPS shooter."
,Recommended,282070,18357588,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,meme,"It's very fun to say the least, and It's one of those games that is easy to find yourself lost in. The gameplay revolves around choices and can be stressfully challenging or methodically soothing depending on how you wish to spend your time in-game. The replay value is definitely there as well, I got a lot more than I expected to considering it's a ten-dollar game.Highly rewarding, interactive, interesting, and immersive game!"
76561198000682932,Recommended,282070,18357657,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SpookyJudas (Cruelty),First time playing this game is amazing. I really advise not restarting levels over
76561198144396020,Recommended,282070,15659596,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AfterElement,"I shed tears if a member of the group dies. The things they say makes you so attached, especialy further into the game. 10/10"
76561198084438709,Recommended,282070,18381385,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tank Applegate,brilliant
,Recommended,282070,18396182,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,12 Bottles of Barry's Red Cola,cool
,Recommended,282070,18396793,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Tylenol Jones,"Linux/SteamOS was broken and refused to launch for months, but it's fixed now."
,Recommended,282070,18394958,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ishikawa,"If you like realistic survival games,give it a try. Great soundtracks,btw."
76561198006573649,Recommended,282070,13343722,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,RED,"""You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villian""10/10 would stole the elderly couple again."
76561198055766705,Recommended,282070,13344282,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,chaotic.calm,"Excellent and well-executed premise - dark, unsettling and upsetting. The gameplay is smooth and easily navigatable. Good strategic planning elements."
76561198009305657,Recommended,282070,13407878,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,mtothec,"A gripping game about trying to survive in a war-torn city. Superb concept, solid mechanics, great art and overall a harrowing but highly engaging experience. It's like watching a sad movie or reading a book where horrible things happen - it's not ""fun"" per se, but definitely a worthwhile experience.To get the most out of the game, make sure not to look up any strategies or wikis for the first few hours. Once you understand all the systems it's not too hard to always survive. It's still a good *game* like that, but in my case the first few hours of flailing around trying not to die while not crossing too many moral boundaries is what left the strongest impression.Highly recommended to anyone who's looking to understand more about the world and themselves."
76561198028819141,Recommended,282070,13408189,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Grinix,"Awesome game better than some of the AAA titles out there. This deserves more than $20. I'm hooked on this instead of some new ""AAA"" game worth $60."
,Recommended,282070,13408312,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,zaggyNL,"Interesting but depressing game, how far are you willing to go to survive in a city ravaged by war?"
,Recommended,282070,13408788,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,JackEC2,This isnt my war. In my war I kill ZOMBIES!
,Recommended,282070,13409095,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,MadZoo,"A wonderfully unique gaming experience.  Asking you to make a lot of tough choices from which materials to gather, should you help others, barter with others and to pillage or not.  Well done!  I just wish the characters weren't so quick to become depressed!  But I guess in the world they live, it is difficult to expect anything else."
,Recommended,282070,13409552,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,TheGowge,"Great war zone survival game, with random starting conditions that increase replayability and properly throws you in ""the feels""There is only one game mechanic that I have a problem with.I went to the hospital as one character and stole from them, which of course led to me being chased out and shot at but I escaped as this character alive.The next night I went back to the hospital AS A DIFFERENT CHARACTER and they shot her on the spot.We're trying to survive in a war zone, its not like we'd be out having a picnic and they'd see us together. The soldiers would not have known that the two characters we're linked in any way whatsoever.Other than that one thing though, its a brilliant game, well worth the £15"
76561198027098032,Recommended,282070,13410087,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,JakeGhost118,"One of the best games i have played. A complete breath of fresh air compared to many other games that are out there. They have done a fantastic job of creating the really, downright gloomy atmosphere that living in a war torn city would undoubtably be smothered in.10/10"
76561198038325060,Recommended,282070,13410163,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,skylinechaos,enjoyed it very much have finished it few times now  and unlocked everything tho it needs to go for longer maybe 6 months or something  and maybe more things to build  cant wait for more updates
,Recommended,282070,13410348,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,NegativePositive,"Amazing, absolutly amazing game. I highly recommend this game to anyone I know, it has gripped my interest and not let go since I bought it."
76561197961891130,Recommended,282070,13410440,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Blakken/Shubah,Great game I would recommend to anyone!
,Recommended,282070,13412775,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,lazersword,Super fun!
76561198009068958,Recommended,282070,13412786,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Kegheimer,"A great game with an even greater message, based on a real life event from the 90's.It's basically the sims, with starvation and murder.  The premise is that you are already three years into the siege and have taken refuge in a neighborhood that has a military sniper preventing your movement.  Other sections of the town are doing better, but yours is deseperate.You're never quite 'good enough' to survive and the atmosphere of the game will trigger a response if you are forced to do something 'bad'.  You are given three random survivors out of a dozen or so, each with a single advantage and several disadvantages (in the form of addictions, being overly apathetic / emotional, or physical drawbacks).  The game also randomizes when major events like winter, crime waves, and the end of the war arrive.Those three starting survivors shape what kind of game you will have, adding replay value.  One batch may be emotionally cold and able to take from others, another may be very self-sufficient but their addictions smoke and drink your currency away.The soundtrack is also very good if you are into that... check out #5 No Good Choice.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7yRR17s17kThe only complaint I have is that the mechanics are opaque.  You wouldn't know that hunger ticks every other day without googling it, for example or that vegetables need THAT MANY!? fertilizer."
76561198009045013,Recommended,282070,13412896,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Preacher_D,"I have gotten more than 20 hours out of this, so worth the cost.If you like games like ""papers please"" for the concept you will most likely enjoy this as well.The gameplay is easy to understand, but a lot of what you do will be trial and error, it is not immidiately clear what the consequence of your actions will be, so patience is advised.The crafting is easy to figure out, and adds to the sense of hopelesness as you will never feel like you have enough.The stealth elements are clearly defined, very easy to follow visual cues.Combat is inconsistant, some enemies can´t shoot if you melee them, some can, what constitutes a clear shot can be hard to figure out, and the controls are not well adjusted for quick responce combat, then again chances are you won´t encounter combat at all.Overall worth playing for the experience alone, be prepared to invest yourself in the atmosphere for full payoff. A unique experience."
76561198026253363,Recommended,282070,13413310,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Bruno,Started out with a rebel deserter in my party.  Gave him a knife and he eventually wiped out the entire military.  I now have 160 rounds of ammo in my inventory and have no idea what to do with them since I'm trying to do a good playthrough.  Except for that one time the crazy ♥♥♥♥♥ with a shotgun fired at my scavenger for no reason.  I stole all of her meds when I snuck past her.10/10
,Recommended,282070,13413339,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Halberg,Emotionally draining experience.Beautiful locations and artwork.Plenty to do.Would highly recommend.
76561197970909306,Recommended,282070,13413761,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MaiJaa,"intense, real and enjoyable. didn't spend much time in the game (couple of hrs. so far). One thing I can tell you is This War of Mine is great game (and could be time consuming one!). Get it, and have this war of yours."
,Recommended,282070,13414856,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Meadow,"A game that shows the true face of war. Horrifying, but so freaking good."
,Recommended,282070,13423004,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,George Hillier,"I tend to hate 2D platformers, but This War of Mine is a brilliant game in which you make horrible choices just to survive. This is one of the only modern 2D platformers I like and it's understandable why.Your characters need food, medical suppies, weapons and building materials in order to survive and as supplies start to run out you get more desperate. You might steal from an old, unarmed couple or maybe kill them, but at the same time it's a brilliant game.You'll set out to go and attack a group of thugs to get their gear, only to realise you're vastly outnumbered and don't stand a chance, so you've got two options, either retreat and let your group become more desperate or attack them and risk being wounded or killed; either way you'll end up regretting it.Overall This War of Mine is a brilliant game and would definitely recommend everyone get it, it's not expensive and it's better polished than most triple A titles from 2014."
,Recommended,282070,16635367,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MarioMetroid,"This War of Mine does a great job of showing people, through its gameplay, that good people are sometimes forced to commit immoral actions to survive in the hostile environment that surrounds them. Very moving and powerful game.Lots of replayability due to the random aspects of the game, the different playstyles you can take - just an all-around good game."
,Recommended,282070,16635544,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ultra,"This game... as depressing as the war, the scavenging, the robbing.. killing for survival makes this game very depressing I even made my own characters so they actually have meaning. This game is a 10/10 depression simulator. Worth the buy!"
76561197995727203,Recommended,282070,16635627,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,UMB}Ice.Breaker,The best game of 2014.
76561198036596268,Recommended,282070,16635832,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Big Willy Shakes,"We, as gamers usually play games from the eyes of the heroic individual storming the frontlines and saving the day. And yet, almost no empathy is displayed towards the ragged civilians we pass; The ones who are hungry and sick or others with gaping wounds. Not a second thought is given to them. This War of Mine offers a new perspective to the harsh battlegrounds we call paradise and forces us, we who have played as warriors in the past, to become defenseless men and women subject to the conflicst of war. No good or bad. Only survival amidst bullets and desperate individuals."
,Recommended,282070,16636776,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[ANIT] RetroReactive,One of the most Heartbreaking games i have ever played in a long time 11 bit studios did a really good job with this one!btw why are you reading all the bad reviews? just buy this you won't regret it :)
,Recommended,282070,16638231,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,linky64,Story randomizes for replay value. Can add yourself to the game.
,Recommended,282070,16638303,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,elgincon,This is the most terrible game I've ever played.I am helpless. I go for supplies and raiders take what little we had and injured my friends.We use the little supplies we have to help them recover. Food runs low while they brave their wounds.We need food.I explore the ruins of a building only to find others there and they carry much more firepower than I can muster from my kitchen knife.I die. After my death a friend leaves our hopeless group to find family.He dies. We all die.War is Hell.An no game has represented this as vividly as This War of Mine.It awful. And amazing. At the same time.
,Recommended,282070,16641031,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Giraffe,wow baced on a historical event showing the civilian side of it all this game is truly somthing special. it really opens the eyes of my friends and i on some of the harsh realistic effects on those who are not soldires in war. i hope this game expands even more becouse this is the best perches i have ever mad as far as games og. thank you for making such art for us to play. this game deserves an god dam award and im sure anyyone who plays it would agree. truly amazing.
,Recommended,282070,14848854,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Puppet,Addictive as hell!  Great game if you like survival but don't like the cartoon silliness of Don't Starve.Be warned though that without the cartoon silliness this game gets very dark.  You sometimes must have to make hard decisions to keep the group alive such as whether you rob an elderly couple of their meds or watch one of your group die of an infection.On the plus side if you can get a moonshining operation in full swing you can usually barter to get what you need :)
76561198075691343,Recommended,282070,16641664,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Glover,"This game is not like the other war games your not a soldier who can kill everybody.You are a survivor who tries to survive facing Bandits, Elders, Soldiers and other survivors."
76561198039343380,Recommended,282070,16641956,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MrBaman,"Oh this game. Very few games can make me feel this distressed for a long period of time. In order to be well off during the war, you'll need to steal or kill. Attacking people is always stressful, as your scavenger could die at a moments notice if you aren't armored. When I bought this game, I didn't think I would be as sad when a character died as I was. Every time a character got killed, I always wanted to get revenge on the killer. War is hell. #FrankoForPresident"
,Recommended,282070,16643148,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Crumb,"This is the most engaging survival/crafting game I've ever played. The characters, graphics, subject, and soundtrack all work together to make this an extreamly enjoyable game, in an oh-my-god-i'm-not-enjoying-this-game way."
76561197977069906,Recommended,282070,16646984,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,I'm glad war exists so this game can also exist.
76561198075052220,Recommended,282070,16726211,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,[Nr4] Delernil,"In this game, there is a house with two old people living in it. Many people have used this example to show how this game is excellent, but i need to say it. I dont usually feel bad for those people when i play. I loot that house almost every time. But as of writing, i just came back from there empty handed.I was stealing all the stuff, as usual, due to a shortage of food. I mostly try to ignore the old man and his wife because they make me feel bad. I stole every little thing in that house, and accidentally clicked on the ""read note"" button. It was a letter talking about his grandchildren.I felt so, so bad in that moment. I returned all the food and meds and everything i stole and left with an empty inventory.This game is incredibly good."
76561198039697445,Recommended,282070,16726497,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Baltazar,"It would be much better with more demos and videos, also more options for creating staff and etc, but working on these subjects do not have a chance for reciving huge support of Money.This is a game you need to play."
76561198028675795,Recommended,282070,16727729,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Me5h0k,"Just buy the game, push new story and live the tale."
76561198058699167,Recommended,282070,14875396,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,"Saved a Girl from being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ She tries to run away without even saying thank you.8/10, would shoot rude survivors again."
76561198129682289,Recommended,282070,16729746,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Elhixsagh,Unique and spectacular in everyway. I can't get enough of how great this game is.
76561198071867781,Recommended,282070,16730186,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,"Tyrone ""Thug Nasty"" Biggums",Basically just attack the military base and win.
76561198026115461,Not Recommended,282070,16730459,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Frontalpha,I could never get the game to load on my computer and the Help was no Help.
76561198009977748,Recommended,282070,13804309,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,kurkpavel,Its one of the best game what i played last 10 yers.
,Recommended,282070,13804711,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Rapiant,"Great game, new take on warfare from a gaming perspective. Hint - built RAT TRAPS!"
76561198082476375,Recommended,282070,13807103,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,nttu98301,Amazing!
,Recommended,282070,13807309,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Menta,Hit a hobo with a shovel 10/10
,Recommended,282070,13807611,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,koclak13,Survival games lover must try this game.
,Recommended,282070,13793143,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sinistral Gamer,"This War of Mine feels like almost real. Almost...It's repetitive pattern bores you after 3rd or 4th story, 'cuz after that you know everybody, you know when Franko will come to exchange you know when opportunuties or situations will happen...Definitely needs more people, a bit more randomness...Other than that, the game is amazing, I sitll can't stop myself from getting in the story"
76561198078679501,Recommended,282070,13793525,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,or29544,"Ok, this game is damned :D I survived 23 days with the scarcest of resources, always at the brink of complete obliteration, always fearing that it is going to be the last day. Food? Barely to help minimal sustenance. Meds? Too limited to be useful. All characters were constantly battling depression. News on the radio were always grim. This game actually makes you feel like the whole world is against you. AND AFTER ALL THAT, WINTER CAME."
76561198046052145,Recommended,282070,13795516,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SteelDragon45,"This is a very emotional game, it may be very simple looking, but it is complex, a little more fast paced then I expected, and is actually a very good game. First playthrough I was not expecting it to be so brutal, ended up losing all of my crew in 14 days in-game days and losing. Very good game and is a must have, especially if it is on sale. I got it for $15 and it is well worth the money. 10/10"
76561198116232586,Recommended,282070,13796566,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kyledavid100,"Very fun game, I have spent entirely too much time on it.This game is a ""thinking"" game, though the first few hours spent on it can be highly ""reactive"" to the enviroments you are put in. And it is a bit emotional starting out. Maybe the music/backgrounds/etc, but you can get pretty caught up in it.Bad part is... eventually you know the whole game. The ins and outs of each location. What to do if it is winter. What series of steps to take with each character, etc. The emotion leaves and you robotically click, only on occasion having to do some thinking.The developers did a fantastic job randomizing it enough so that it takes some time to get stale, but it does get stale.And then what? I want to keep playing but I want new scenes and situations. Now I have some sort of odd monkey on my back, sigh.Looking forward to the next release!"
76561198037489984,Recommended,282070,13796965,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Asi Gonia,"I enjoyed This War of Mine, the game is not really that replayable,but you'll restart the game a lot to get it your way.It takes quite a bit of work to last until the finale.The way the game is pieced together means that, even though it's a point and click game,you really are scared for the characters when out of the hideout.The morality system and backstories for the characters make the game emmersive,with a 'one... more... turn' catch.Well worth a look."
76561198066813709,Recommended,282070,13797177,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,hasselblad,"This is an amazing game. It's not easy, yet very emotinal and realistic. And the atmosphere is the best thing about this game. I really sucks you in and you can feel the desperation and the war around you. Amazing."
76561198042430367,Recommended,282070,13797418,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,/dev/null,"Great game so far.  Definitely an interesting idea and really draws you in to the story, you want to explore and figure things out for yourself.Amazing sense of reward after finding certain items or finishing a build that you've been looking at for a long time.  And real frustration when things turn south."
,Recommended,282070,13798293,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,CrippledPoet,"Though there is a lot of survival games around lately, this is different. I find myself caring for the people who I am helping survive, I have felt guilty for the choices that I have made. I spent the opening hour discovering what I could do, only to find myself by the end of it clearing out an old couples home and eventually attacking them to see if they had more medication for my sick party. It makes you question your own morals and for once, you actually feel the need for justification for your actions. One of the most unique, dramatic and visually engaging games I have ever played and I am so glad I bought it."
,Recommended,282070,13799186,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Git Gud Ngarud,I thought I could be a nice person...
,Not Recommended,282070,13799267,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Halo 3 Grunt,Played like 14 hours pretty much did every thing there is to do already. fighting some one in this game is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid had a knife and this old guy beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me with the same move 4 times in a row it's pretty unreal even after being stabed he can do that lmao and you'll havea  shotgun and it takes like 10-15 seconds to fire a shot that will do any dmg at all from pointblank and the shotguns take the same rounds as an ak or the little handgun lmao there is not enough in this game nor does half of it make sense wait for a sale or wait to get it for them to update the broken♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282070,13786926,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TheSithElite,My game of the year 2014
76561198032781234,Recommended,282070,13788275,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,torocan,"While not the flashiest game around, and deceptively simple with its side action scrolling display, This War of Mine is a game that can be both riveting and engrossing.This isn't a game for those looking for tons of action or a shoot em up.  This is a thoughtful game of resource management mixed with sneaking around while on scavenging missions.You start with anywhere from 1 to 4 characters (randomly generated initially) and your goal is to survive the war.  The length of the war is random (25-45 days), and there are numerous randomly generated events to make every survival experience somewhat different.Some of the random events include illness, attacks by night time raiders, the onset of winter (and extreme cold), and snowstorms and combat making some areas inaccessible.  Aside from this the locations you visit have more than one version.  You might enter an area that is free of hostile forces.  On another playthrough they can be filled with soldiers, rebels or thugs.  The locations are also not all available at the start of the game but are instead unveiled throughout the game over time.Throughout the game you are confronted with moral decisions.  Do you help someone or not?  Everytime you help someone requires a sacrifice that can cost you in the short term either in terms of time, resources, or risk of injury and potentially death.  However, turning away all requests for help can lead to negative consequences on morale.  And if someone wants to join you do you value the extra pair of hands more than having another mouth to feed?Similarly, you'll be presented with opportunities to make hard choices on your scavenging runs.  Do you take advantage of the weak?  Do you kill innocents?  Do you confront those doing wrong or let it happen?Adding to replayability the resources immediately available to you are also randomly generated.  On one play through you'll find you have more than enough wood or parts, on another you'll struggle to find electrical components, weapons or food at your starting location.  As the game continues you'll find you never have everything you want or need which forces you to prioritize what you want to build and when.On top of this your scavenging runs are further constrained by a fixed amount of backpack space.  Depending on the character doing the scavenging the amount of space can range from 8 spaces to 17 spaces (1 character), with most having around 10 to 12 spaces.Similarly, the status of your starting characters are slightly randomized.  Sometimes they can start as ill or wounded (slowing you down and forcing you to manage your people more carefully as well as consuming important items like medical supplies).This is a very good game that will appeal to most but not all.  It has solid replayability and multiple ways to win.One warning, this is a somewhat unforgiving game with a steep learning curve.There is no ""save"" option other than a daily autosave (in case of a crash) which is automatically updated upon a major event (like a character death).  In other words, if characters die you'll have to keep the group going in spite of the repercussions on the team.That said, the first time you ""survive"" the war with no team deaths you will feel like you've accomplished something."
,Recommended,282070,13788527,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Smurphy,Fantastic game. Only way it could be better is if they added a multiplayer option.
76561198061112525,Recommended,282070,13789455,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,thestonedwall,"This game is awesome, spend your money on it!"
,Recommended,282070,13790617,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jeremy the megalomaniac,Just a great game! A must have game for your inventory!
,Recommended,282070,16611868,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PC3,"Despite the depressing premise, this is truly one of the most enjoyable games I've encountered. The atmosphere it paints, truly immerses you into the story, and gives players' a glimpse of civilian life during a siege. The market really needed a game like this, and I applaud 11-Bit studios for coming up with the idea and the execution.Gameplay is quite simplistic. Select character and click on icons to get them to perform tasks. The main focus is the decision making. What do you craft or do? Do you go scavenge through the rubble for resources, build tools or craft furniture. Do you scavenge for food or crafting materials? Do you make cook food, eat it raw or let your characters starve (if you have no food)? Do you spend resources towards crafting weapons or tools? When you scavenge, what items are high priority versus what do you forgo? Do you go barter with people or just take what you want? Those are all decisions choices you're faced with in 'This War of Mine.'I initially was annoyed by the save feature, where the game would only save at the end of days, but after thinking about it more, and comparing it with XCOM's Iron Man mode (no saving during combat), I realised that the daily save does enhance the gameplay. As a player, you start to truly get attached your characters, and it saddens you when they get hungry, tired, sick or depressed. And if they die, you will probably get depressed, and want to reload the previous day. :POne criticism is that I do wish the game does notify you if a character is idle (ie. Standing around doing nothing). When you start to get more characters, it gets a bit more tricky and time consuming to manage. And to deal with the time issue, a pause button, which would allow you to direct the character's action, but not have the execute it until the game is un-paused, would also be ideal.Other than that, this is probably the one of the games with the best atmosphere I have played, and is just a well crafted work of art.RATING: 9.5/10PS: I deducted a 0.5 point because I feel the gameplay still can be tweaked for improvement (HINT: Pause Button and Designate Action during Pausing). Also it occasionally crashes from time to time, but that could just be my rig, and not related to the application :)"
,Not Recommended,282070,16611947,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Malzzel,"This War of Mine is a pretty immersive, easy, understandable game. Unfortunately, it doesn't have much of a replay value in its current state. During the game, you try and survive the horrors of war with 3-4 people in a building that can barely be called home. Food, water, gas, weapons, and supplies are all on a shortage which give you one of three options: kill, steal, trade. Between a month-month and a half, the international forces arrive and put an end to the civil war - you just have to decide what it takes to reach a new age of peace.With all that in mind, playing through the game twice is enough forever (you can theorectically get all achievements within one playthrough aswell). The ""create your own story"" or whatever its called has severe limitations to creativity (there's limited traits, can't select how much someone can carry, can't determine their addcitions, etc.), which completely undermines the entire idea of your own story. Without mod support or the ability to play around with map creation, the game gets stale rather quickly."
76561197968373880,Recommended,282070,16612439,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bushwacki,Transends gaming to an art form.
76561198024141258,Recommended,282070,16612463,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Stormtrooper,This War of Mine is truly a great game.  It doesn't include massive amounts of combat. Your survivors will get sad if you rob people. Scavange for resources and food or die.
76561198208314800,Recommended,282070,16613307,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sailormoonwithguns,"This game is really good, but its really depressing also. Recommended for people that get attached to the characters in the games they play, otherwise the decisions that you are making won't mean anything to you and you'll just be grinding to find materials to make it to the end.9/10"
,Recommended,282070,16613672,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Gembrot Gaming,really thrillingfinally finished with two characters dierequires a lot of consideration to survivenice game
76561198136093183,Recommended,282070,16613856,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sven,"very well done, great game and set up. definitely has a retro feel to it with the side scrolling. only downside is it gets very intense and makes you a little paranoid playing it at 2 am ha ha ha"
,Recommended,282070,16613998,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Yoda,"Depressing but addicting.Between the music, the constant uphill battles, and the uncertainties, it's definately the best survival game out.I can't describe it better than the other reviews, it's worth a buy if you think you'd like it."
76561197995425517,Recommended,282070,16615135,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,barcode1888,Quality game. Buy it!
,Recommended,282070,16579301,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,anh,Stunning game. Great story and amazing levels of details.
76561198075059565,Recommended,282070,16579848,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,mylunkwill,"Awesome game, better then i had expected.first play starting with three people. dont have any idea of the game.first you realise that you have to go out to others location to get food and materials to improve your home.who cares stealing the last carrots from old people orkilling some other survivors with a knife, because they dont let u go with thier stuff.everyone of your people care, even the one who not was there killing that poor guy.everyone become sad. the guy  who did the killing left the group. next day the girl was sitting at the ground dont want to eat! so the last guy who was sick have to get out for more stuff and got killed.waiting to start the new day with that sad girl, but ...meanwhile she killed herself, game over.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,16580325,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The_Knight_One,"Steep learning curve but still complex enough to make veteran players have to make tough choices.I don't know how long it took for me to understand the game. I went in without any guides or idea. I would recommend playing this way. It makes every decision heavier, every loss that much more devastating and each triumph that much sweeter.Combat is hard, but can be mastered. What is awesome, is that it is not NECESSARY. That's right folks, you can be a mass murderer or a saint in this game and still be successful - but only up to a point. Go too bloodthirsty and your survivors might not be able to live with themselves. Refuse to take a life and you could be gunned down on the spot - or die a slow death of freezing and starvation.Love the game, the art style is amazing and the score really gives you a sense of tension. The sound effects are right on point too - sniper fire makes me jump EVERY TIME.Absolutely recommend this gem of a game!"
76561198066897953,Recommended,282070,16581274,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Icy_Belle,"Hands-down the most impressive game I've played since I can remember. Very atmospheric, very emotional with lots of moral choices.This game has made me ponder, this game has almost made me cry, this game has made me furious and in some (admittedly very rare occasions) even smile.I'm very grateful to everyone that was involved in making this game and bringing that emotions across so strongly. You definitely have a new fan here!"
,Recommended,282070,16585978,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Glitch,Great Game
76561197972289037,Recommended,282070,16590148,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,In Loving Memory of Harambe <3,Amazing game
76561198151314155,Recommended,282070,16762029,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dayman,"Gritty, dark, dirty, emotional, gripping; this game will grab hold of you and suck you in. It's a nice change to play on the other side of war games, the survivor. In a war torn city, every decision you make could bring a day of joy and small comforts or one of regret and despair...Would you help your neighbor?Would you provide much needed medical supplies to the bombed out hospital?Do you keep your head down and scavenge/trade?Do you steal?Would you kill?How desperate are you?This game puts you in the emotional driver seat; you choose how you want to survive. You can play the thug by cutting down anyone standing between you and the dwindling supplies in the city; the hero by donating supplies throughout the city; the empath by helping others in need and trying to provide that small glimmer of hope to your group found in a book, radio, or cigarette... ""today is a good day.""+Graphics+Non-linear story+Locations+Scavenging mechanics+Music / Atmosphere"
76561197988859028,Recommended,282070,16765904,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,archmando,"In short: During the day you'll be eating/cooking/crafting and during the night you may send someone out to scavenge for food/weapons/materials/meds. What you're trying to manage is materials vs. your characters' mood/hunger/sleep/health.Fun enough experience for one playthrough, probably wouldn't bother for more as the game gets repetitive/old 'fast'.There isn't too much to do during the day, and I found myself just fast-forwarding to night. Unfortunately the nights get really repetitive aswell, as you'll revisit locations where nothing (at least from what I've seen) seems to change. So towards the end of the game I just fast-forwarded to nights and stayed the night inside fast-forwarding to day. This eat-sleep-cycle was possible because I was able to gather so much supplies I didn't even need to bother with the scavenging. None of my characters got seriously ill or wounded, nor even more than sad, though I did manage to get one killed in a fight after things got too boring. Even then the rest of my group got over it in a few days, never dropping lower than 'sad' and I had one less mouth to feed. Lucky run or not, once you get the hang of things the game is quite easy.From a gamer perspective the characters aren't balanced at all (you'll just use the same guys for the particular tasks they're good at), there's too little to craft, too little to explore. So it doesn't take too long to see everything.However, all of the above points could be explained with ""that's how it is in a war"". Things get repetitive, your options are limited and not all of the people prove to be useful. Still, I'm unsure how much should I forgive just to make this point.I like the different take on war, the feeling and look of the game. All in all I did enjoy the game and mostly my negative points could be simplified to ""give me more of this""."
,Recommended,282070,16766964,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Petit Suisse,"It's sad, had to uninstall."
76561198066123706,Recommended,282070,16757198,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ThatAussieGuy,"Short version: Depressed and Weary survival simulator 2015.Long version:If you're a kid, or you've got a young mind, this game is not for you. I think this sold mostly in the 25+ age range. Granted, it does what most games do. Plays with your emotions, strings them like a harp. But it's harrowing. Harsh. It made me feel worried for almost every day I kept my survivors alive because I had to think: I don't know what this place has. I need wood so we don't fall deathly cold in the space of a night, but I need food so we don't starve. But I can't carry enough to properly satisfy one of our requirements, let alone two. Can I rob the elderly couple? Sure, but we'll all know they won't live if we do. Someone wants to join us? I need to stand at the door with stocked, hard-worked food and tell them to stay in the cold. Away from safety. Because I'm worried my own won't have enough supplies if something goes wrong. And the game makes sure I feel the guilt for every decision. I killed a soldier who tried to kill me. Straightforward there. So I hid in the dark and slit his throat with a character, and the whole process had me scared because I didn't know if he could do it, and when he hurriedly and botchedly killed and rob them, and when he came home, he sat on the floor completely broken because it pained him, and it pained me.It's perfect for the casual adult gamers. But as the giant paragraph states: This is a painful game. You need to play it because you feel like you've understood how much people suffer and what their choices do to them to give themselves the most basic right of survival."
76561198130268469,Recommended,282070,16755354,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,skyhrg,Good game
,Recommended,282070,18806908,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,lusidity,"This game is a cross between Sims and... well... I don't know, really. But whatever it is, I really enjoyed it. It is very cruel to the player though. You could spend all your time trying to ensure one of your characters doesn't die, but they still wake up every morning with injuries, feeling ill, and/or going through depression... I think this kind of gives the game a purpose, however, and I appreciate the fact that I feel somewhat powerless to do anything about it at times.When I first played this game, it definitely felt more difficult as resources were very scarce. You had to play a perfect game to stay alive for longer than 2 weeks. They must've changed that because I pretty much felt unstoppable very early on in a recent playthrough, so much so that I lost because I was confident I could run into a fort with an automatic weapon and not get killed. I liked it much better when it felt impossible..."
,Recommended,282070,18807365,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[Bob] Gold,The world would be better off without snakes.
,Recommended,282070,18807854,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,potato namrog84,"I absolutely loved this game. I sadly haven't beaten it yet though I do hope to someday.  However, any game that evokes any kind of emotion from me, though rare, is always a winner in me. There are a few games out there that have conjured joy, frusteration, empathy, fear, pride, and many others.  However This War of Mine, though evoked depression in me. Now do not think this is a bad thing, any game that can evoke an emotional response I consider to have accomplished a rare feat and I adore them for it.   However it did mean that I needed to space out some of my sessions. Also, despite having never been in a war like scenario; This game pulls on my heartstrings and sorrow for those who have had to faced atrocities.  The old man and his wife location just hit me hard, and so did a few other places.  The fact that your players can become depressed and how bleak things feel is quite moving. I'd highly recommend this game, the developers did a wonderful job."
,Recommended,282070,18376371,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sernie Banders,Looted a house for medical supplies. Shot some bandits. Bandits turned out to be an old couple.10/10 would feel horrible again.
,Recommended,282070,18822911,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,birdsaround,"Absolutely. Awesome.Most serious/athmospheric game about survival i've ever seen. You lead a group of a few civilians during a war while constructing your shelter, producing goods, scavenging, trading, stealing, robbing and killing - last three come with a price of your people's mood (probably you will share their mood), they can even leave the group if too upset.Be warned though: savegame system is unfriendly, you gotta close the game app to prevent character death from recording to a single available autosave slot.You can also buy this game for mobile devices."
76561197972335852,Recommended,282070,18823023,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Zornac,"Like many others before me have said, great game but a bit too limited for my liking.I wish this would get an DLC or second game where you would be able to build your house more freely by deciding what type of rooms you would have in there. Something like this... you could build holding cell / tortue room in to your house and this would be so evil that your higher moral characters would start to dislike living in a house like that. Or you could build a donation / refugee room to help your neighbours with your limited resources, which would obviously annoy characters with high selfpresorvasion and selfishness. And as you have limited amount of rooms available, you would have to choose how you wish to play the game.Anyways, this is a good start, but I can see how this game could be something much more and better."
,Recommended,282070,30537990,Posted: 16 March,all,Red Letter Day,I got more story and feelz than I thought was possible. I play this when I'm down and it reminds me of what I have.
76561198000040911,Recommended,282070,18193912,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,an actual fucking tortilla,honestly. why would anyone ♥♥♥♥ing not recommend this game? they give to charity. and its a good game. and the soundtrack gives me eargasms. 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/2 would play again m9
76561198032180833,Recommended,282070,18213456,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ozzy,"It's not a fps shoot em up or survival one, but it definitely pulls you in the mood of war in a trapped city.You can feel depressed, sad, or happy sometimes depending on events. I remember after Roman was sniped down by a soldier while scavenging, I let Bruno to look for him the next night. The moment I saw his bodw with Bruno, I definitely felt down and depressed just as a real friend was shot down.And an interesting note that; devs inspired for this game from Bosnian War if you ever want to know."
76561198237047488,Recommended,282070,18287481,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,mineralwalter123,This game is fun but can get a bit boring after a while. It also makes me feel a bit sad while playing.
,Recommended,282070,18285079,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Trevor Jeak,"This is a great game, it makes you laugh, cry, cry some more, get angry, and then you remember, this game is based on true events. Honestly, I enjoy this game quite a bit, and it will make you question your own morals often, because, as they say, war is hell."
,Recommended,282070,18297907,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,JFA,"Despite the good reviews I had read about this game, it was still much better than I initially expected. It powerfully gives you the feeling of being in the middle of a war zone as a civilian by its atmosphere, by its realism and by the difficult choices it brings in front of you. You often find yourselves trying to decide between what is needed to be done for survival and ethics, which in a way makes you really understand the cruel side of war outside the battle field for non-combatants, ordinary people."
76561198112950550,Recommended,282070,18291611,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Cal.50,"This game is bleak. Unfathomably bleak.Its bleak nature is primarily where it excels, allowing players to forge their own tales of pain and misfortune. Every single day is a huge struggle to survive with next to no supplies to work with, forcing you to make horrifyingly tough decisions.This game will make you question your luxourious existence and will bring harrowing insight into the world of war.10/10 would kill homeless people for food again"
76561198106065545,Recommended,282070,18278112,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bumblefuck,"A great game that is an excellent blend of micromanagement and post apocalyptic explorationPros:-Many Different Characters with a variety of skills-Different spawn locations and many random events that can happen when exploring different locations-Smart and interactive NPCs-Forces you to make decisions that deeply affect the rest of the game-Nice looking artwork and fog of war-Survivors suffer from a variety of problems, from hunger to depressionCons:-Loot is not randomized, you start to pick out the best locations to go hunting-Is not very replay friendly, survivors and spawnpoint may be different, but the places available to loot remain the same-Awkard combat system-Not very much play timeThings I would like to see implemented:-Randomized Loot-Randomized Locations-A bigger map-The ability to be a bit more mobile, staying in one place gets a bit boring after a while-More workshops and things to do around base, to give the player a bit more opinion on what road they want to take-Give survivors a bigger inventory or at least a way to upgrade it, looting for the same material over and over gets a bit grindyI know many of these are based on opinion, but i feel that just a few tweaks to the game could make it much more enjoyable and easier to play."
76561198080407000,Recommended,282070,18282640,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,chizmacaroni,"The first few playthrough attempts will be arduous. They will be difficult. They will be emotional. You will lose precious members and you will yell angrily at your screen.After learning the proper survival tactics, you will be able to survive, maintaining adequate provisions such as food, some medicine, and some bandages.After mastering the art of survival, you will not only surpase Bear Grills, Survivor Man, or the Man from Man vs. Wild, you will be able to kill 12+ enemy npcs in a single playthrough, liberating their corpses of their valuable guns.They call me Sneak'n'Stab, liberator weapons. 10/10 Would stab again."
76561198027390777,Recommended,282070,18282055,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SpongeScrub,"There are so many war games, but none is like this one. It is so emotional and attaching that my eyes were burning a few times during this game. If you want to find a way to appreciate freedom, then play this game and you know what I mean.So much wow! The scavagings are nerve wrecking and you want to play it save, but playing it to save will cost you valueble time The strategy element is hard to uptimize, but amazing to figure it out. This is a game I will come back to over and over again over the years.11/10"
,Recommended,282070,18260533,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Shadeball,"One more turn. Maybe another. Now it's 530AM.Metagaming it, I should have probably just taken all the food and medicine in that house. There's probably no additional penalty to morale for taking 5 meals instead of 2. But even though I couldn't waste the night and return empty-handed, I didn't want to take everything from that nice old couple.This feels like the base-building and scavenging game that State of Decay should have been. There are some things I find annoying about it- I don't understand why you can't have two scavengers out, for example, since the game allows you to have enough survivors present. The save system is also crappy- I hate games that try and prevent ""save scumming"" and so make it so I can't quit when I want or NEED to without losing ground. As it is I just alt-tab and kill the game that way if I want to redo something.The biggest problem is the combat is really poor. I know that may seem okay given that it's a 'civilian' simulator, but it's inexcusable how clunky it is at some points. They should have taken it out entirely if they couldn't make it more responsive.But the style, tone and minimilistic gameplay all form together quite nicely."
,Recommended,282070,18270056,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Xanatha,"Highly reccomend this game to everyone. Controls are a tad awkward, and the combat is  a bit rubbish, but that's not what this game is about.It's about seeing the real horrors of civilians trapped in a war-zone, and about trying to survive in it.It's soul-crushing. Some of the choices I made still chill me to this day, thinking of what I would do in the position I'd put my characters in. You might be surprised to find out you're not the hero you thought you were.There is no right or wrong way to play This War of Mine, just the same as there are no rules in a war-zone. It's dog eat dog, it's horrible, and TWoM made it feel real.10/10"
76561198056864963,Recommended,282070,18225382,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Pink Guy,This game forces you into a horrible war and makes you responsible for your actions in it. As a civilian trying to survive this i gritty and does a good job trying to represent what it is like to be caught in a war.
,Recommended,282070,18224918,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Diakoptes,This game is stressful in so many great ways that I didn't think I would enjoy. It definitely tugs against your heart strings and hold you in a vice. You get attached to the characters and should definitely be wary about making any decisions rashly. But what really is a good choice? To hoard or not to hoard. Will you help your group and turn others away at the door risking depression or give away items/food and risk dying getting struck by looters in the night and starvation? It breaths life in to the genre with so many twists. Amazing game from the shadows!
76561198072486506,Recommended,282070,13747087,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,gribblet,"All the tense fun of Last of Us' scavenging and crafting system, without the stuff in between, + some sober realities of war to help wash the taste of stupid shooters out of your mouth."
,Recommended,282070,13748935,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Valayvis,The game has an interesting way of making you genuinely care about the survivors you control to the point where you want to help them more than you want to win the game.I highly recommend trying it out.
,Recommended,282070,13735181,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,nms,Play This War of Mine if you have too much happiness in your life.
,Recommended,282070,13735606,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,m.baso,Rekomen ++
,Recommended,282070,13737154,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Funnisto,"During a theft in a house full of other poor people trying to make a living during dire times, Katia sawed a door to get to the food. They heard a noise and started looking for her. She had no weapon to defend herself, but her bare hands. Once she got a handful from the fridge and threw all of it in her backpack, she started running.While pushing violently through a door, she faced one of the inhabitants. For a second she stopped, but then she kept running as fast as she could to the exit. She jumped down one floor through a hole caused by the bombardments, landing on a table. Katia saw the exit and got home safely.Through all of this, my heart was beating so damn fast.BUY THIS GAME."
76561198020078146,Recommended,282070,13737956,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Silvah,"Exellent game, so fun to play something different that makes you look at things from a different perspective. Buy it."
,Recommended,282070,13740101,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,bO.nO,"i was like having 15 attempt to complete the game (coz i was noob)... but my god... i completed it, and it was amazing. really love this game. hope you all support the developer. nice view/graphic for this type of game. really love it. its hard to me bcoz u cant have more than 1 save data but i still made it.. :) thanks"
,Recommended,282070,13740287,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,"Hey, listen!","Excellent game that focuses on the hardships of war for the everyday person. Craft, scavenge and trade in an effort to survive during a dangerous war."
76561198101742425,Recommended,282070,13740355,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SL33PL3SS,"From the very first day you can almost put yourself into the shoes of the survivors. There are so many things that could happen.. so many different possiblities. Food is a major requirement and its not always easy to find. I ran into a man and a girl in the supermarket... I knew from the moment I heard his first words what the mans intent was... I was left with the choice of letting him go, or saving the woman. Luckily i caught him off guard and managed to kill him with the knife I had made only the day before. I saved that woman and obtained the mans gun. I would have to give this game a perfect 10/10.. its so in depth... so emotionally gripping. Having to decide whether or not to rob an elderly couple... that is where this game truly separates the survivor from just another victim of war."
76561197981949668,Recommended,282070,13740504,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cleric_Volthar,"Great concept and execution but this game is not for everyone. If you are looking for easy and entertaining gameplay - this game is not for you. If you are patient and willing to learn on your own mistakes, find out whe civilians in places like Sarayevo might have to cope with, learn to prioritize - this game is for you. Some people may find it boring and stop playing after they die couple of times but some, like myself, will keep trying again. This game is quite difficult and you can't choose the difficulty level. There is no tutorial other than try and error. It requires alot of thinking and decicion making. Supplies that can be scavanged are scarce and when all are gone you must either make them, steal or barter.Pros:+ original concept+ minimalistic climate+ interesting characters+clearly alot of research done on civilians surviving in cities under siegeCons:- made me stop playing WoT for a while...- pricey for what it delivers in terms of graphics and other tech stuff, even soundtrack is near non-existant. It is only my opinion but I have willingly paid for it in hope it will help the devs stay on the market and hopefuly provide extensions and updates (free of charge) at least for a while. I wish them luck on the gaming market and beg they will never offer free to play titles."
,Recommended,282070,13740869,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Not A Banana Baton,"This game takes a familiar concept and presesnts it in a refreshing way. The atmosphere of the ruined city, buildings and people feel very believeable.The premise consist of three survivors who are living together in a decrepit old buiding, each has their own unique skillset, and you must control all of them to accomplish task, build useful survival tools and keep warm and well fed. If you fail to do so you'll have to start dealing with more complex issues like illness, depression and even worse.In This War of Mine, the day time is when you stay in your shelter and manage your living conditions, which is in itself interesting and suprisingly well delivered, but the true gameplay starts at nightfall, when you choose which survivor is on looting duty, who is going to guard your base against looters, and which weapons to give out or leave behind. You then choose a location to loot and use stealth to loot as much as you can carry. The mechanics of the game work very well. A blurry overtone marks the areas where your character can't see or be seen from. The only complaint I can have about this aspect of the game that when it comes to combat, it works great most of the time, but I have been in some instances when I was unable to perform the attack I wanted. This was due the tedious manner in which you switch your weapons, requiring a physical click on a specific on screen button to change from ""Scavenging"" to ""Combat"" which is suprisingly difficult when your getting attacked.In someways, even though were not told too much about the characters at all, it is easy to feel invested in them. For example, one of my survivors, who goes by the name of Pavel I believe, is an expert scavenger, on one of my early playthroughs he died around day eleven. By that time I had not only viewed him as a valuble asset, but as a character i cared about, I felt personally sadden at his loss, seeing his empty bed, and no longer having a scavenger with fifteen slots.The best parts, ones with some real shock value, I refuse to write about because it took be by such suprise that I wouldn't want to lessen the impact of when it happens to you, if it ever does.To top it off I would have to highly recommend this game, it's a shining example of what an indie game should be: Polished, thoughtfull, and worth investing some real world time and money into. 9/10"
76561197993207471,Recommended,282070,13741412,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kagna,"This is a great survival game for many reasons.1) The night time scavaging is VERY fun and unique.  One map might be strictly used for trading, another for worry free looting, and another will require sneaking around guards.... OR killing them if you want.  There is randomization to the maps aswell and some scripted events that change as time goes on.   Parts of the map also become unavailable at times due to fighting and winter....  So your MUCH needed hospital might be unavailable for 5+ days.. what are you going to do now?2) Looting is done well and it is a constant struggle to pick and choose what you want to carry back with you.   Do you take the extra wood to build something, the extra ammo to protect your home, or some alocohol for better trade?  You decide3) The game flows like a rollercoaster.   For a few days you might be struggling to find food, and then your next struggle is to find wood OR medicine.   Things get really tense when you have multiple problems on your hand.   It got so bad on one playthrough that i ended up loosing 3 people within 2 days.. and i STILL completed this playthrough with only 1 person for over 13+ days.They removed many of the inventory and 'crafting' issues i have with other survival games.   I hate having to craft sub-items in order to create something new... in this game, everything is straight forward and items are categorized at a high level and they can be used to build whatever you need.... an axe? a heater for food, or an upgrade for the house?This game is great, go buy it.....   I havent even mentioned how interesting this new perspective is (playing as survivers instead of army guys)....  When was the last time you played a game where you tried to AVOID going in guns blazing to get what you wanted.   Do that here, and you might find some deserter"
,Recommended,282070,13682746,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,klown,Highly addictive and a great way to spend your night/day
,Recommended,282070,13757246,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jahel,"Day 3. Cveta was killed while looking for supplies. (Basically sacrificed her to save a girl from being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ not before cleaning up the house, of course, and scavengring)Day 9. Someone asked us to keep some meds for his girlfriend, but she didn't come to collect them.Day 12. Our friendly neighbors came to ask us for help in reinforcing their shelter, but we couldn't help them. (Anton was alone at this point. Can't go helping alone.)Day 19. Anton died of severe wounds. (Guarding for lots of nights straight on a crime spree, while Marko was sleeping in a cushy bed, both starving)Day 20. We robbed a defenceless elderly couple. (So the guard-spree could continue)Day 24. Marko robbed someone, taking almost everything they had. (So the guard-spree could continue)Day 26. Marko murdered a defenceless victim. (So the guard-spree could continue)Day 30. Marko was killed while looking for supplies. (Was surprised at how quickly he got his♥♥♥♥♥whooped, Bruno severely ill at home, radio saying 2-3 days.)Day 31. Our neighbor's children asked us for medications for her, but we had none to give. (Give away meds with 1 left character deathly ill, think not, brat. If I had any that choice would have been easy I think)Day 32. The long awaited ceasefire finally came into force, eventually putting an end to the fighting in Pogoren. Those who managed to survive the war in Glraznavia would never forget it."
76561198057577254,Recommended,282070,13773467,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rafuuu~,"Before anything else, do note this is an indie game. I don't expect it to be perfect or anymore near it. So I'm more willing to forgive issues that may stem from this fact. Such as the game being repetitive, and the difficulty level.Advise:- Try to get the rat trap thing quickly, makes having meat easier. Don't forget the garden to grow vegetables, which makes one meat feed two instead of one.- Fixing the walls is important to make raids not as troubling.- Try to start not in winter, but remember to watch for the signs that winter is coming.- Use that pro cooker to cook the meals, uses less water. Also noticed he uses less of the pill stuff to make medicine, not sure if it's a bug or not.- Make alcohol/smokes to trade, very important to trade with people.- Walk slow, pay attention to sounds, and search for where people are and where they're going.- In dangerous areas, I'd say bring a sawblade and two picklocks, if not more. Don't want to miss those rooms/be stuck outside and have to leave.- The game does end, so don't give up. Don't lose hope.Pros:- Gut-wrenching moments that make you question your past decisions.- Makes me want to commit evil deeds to see those gut-wrenching moments, and then question my humanity for thinking that...- Still proceed to commit the evil deeds, enjoy the moment, and tell myself the lost of humanity was worth it. (It would appear I might be a bad person.)- I personally like the art style.- Like the ending. How people try to go back to normal, while others never come back.Cons:- I personally found it to be on the easier side of things. Do note I am bias in this for playing many stealth and survivor games.- There's only one mode, where's my hardcore mode, the mode that brings me to tears for being too hard, but loving it none the less. This one is really important.- Opinion really: I can't go to say the marketplace and recuit people to live with me. This one is so I can have more than four people, which you don't need, but I'd like the option!- The guitar can only be heard when the screan isn't too far from it. So the guitar siting on the right side of the building to the wall can't be heard when trading at the door. Don't know if this was intentional or not, but I don't like when it's silent!This War of Mine is an interesting game to say the least. With experience in survival and stealth games with some luck of course, the game isn't too hard. Which is my biggest issue. I ended up trading food to finish building everything, and siting on a rather large sum of food. Won with enough food to live another twenty days easily just holed up in the house. Not to mention I could grow and capture my own food to survive.There's only one mode, which after beating it can be played again and still enjoyed. The problem is the game is easy enough for me that I avoid those gut-wrenching moments that are what makes this game so unique. After my 2 completed runs I've only seen 2 of those moments. First time playing and leaving the poor girl to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because I didn't have a weapon, and after murdering a sniper waiting for me to pop out. Poor girl was a dude's girlfriend, who soon joined her for shooting me after murdering her. The area gave me no more trouble after that. Do note, to see those moments you have to stick around."
,Recommended,282070,13773591,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lil teddy,"I'm feeling ehm, sad..i survived 29 days, pavle died in a shootout with army, Zvelta died of injuries, Cvata left the shelter, Boris died while scavanging, Marko died because of the cold, Bruno died in a shootout of army after being depressed because he killed 16 guys.10/10 this game is trully emotional and so cool."
76561198064475304,Recommended,282070,13774289,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Fenix,"Simple, yet elegant. You do your best to keep your people alive and well, take care of them and you end up getting attached to their lives, which makes it heart wrenching when you lose someone. Great game, interesting twist of genre."
,Recommended,282070,13774909,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,T-Minus 0,"The pencil effect on the art is amazing. It truly contributes to the overall sense of humanity of the whole game. The music is extremely well produced and quite reminicent of ""The Last of Us""."
,Recommended,282070,13775046,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DocLangley,"Ever wondered what it's like to be a horrified untrained and ill prepared civilian when your town has just been overrun/been under siege by a semi-modern conventional/assymentrical-warfare trained military?Nope. Not me. But hey, this is the guy who thought buying and playing Outlast was a good idea!You get to control 3 civilians (with semi-European names) and somewhat useful skills (although there always is one 'good cook' but I don't actually know if he actually cooks better than the 'Excellent Scavenger' or 'Better Bargainer') who sit around in a dilapidated and rundown house while the city around them falls apart from some unknown military presence who... Strangely enough fails to make any progress whatsoever in taking the city.You are then faced with a struggle of looting your own house (almost impossible on the first day unless you find some lockpicks as there are almost guaranteed to be locked doors) and then the houses of other people (some of whom may or may not be abandoned, at which point your options are very much Fallout: Negotiate for better stuff or outright steal their♥♥♥♥♥♥and/or kill them in the progress. Doing the latter makes you sad and requires group hugs before you can continue with your life.Well; I've only ever had one successful heist go off well; every other time I end up getting shot to death and playing the game with just two people is too damned hard (HOW AM I GOING TO COOK ALL OF MY MOONSHINE NOW?!).Would I recommend it? Probably. It's interesting. And the art style is good. The controls are a bit finnicky (as you will often think you have clicked on the right character but instead send another character from a task previously assigned to go answer the door for example) and as previously mentioned combat (if you engage in it at all) is brutally hard. But then again I think that was the point after all..."
,Recommended,282070,13775261,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr.Dr.Prof.Neckgoblin Ph.D. M.D.,"This game is amazing. You are put into this world where you must fight, sneak, kill, or be killed. It was very fun the first itme i played it although i only survived 28 days. I will continue to play this game to see how far i can get. There are so many different routes to take; stealth, melee, guns, etc. Depending on your choices made, you will either survive a long time or not so long. I highly recommend this game to people who enjoy games that require careful decision making, great graphics and sounds, suspense, and much more. I had second thoughts before i bought the game, but i went out on a limb and I am not dissappointed at all! Overall 10/10 Amazing Game!!"
,Recommended,282070,19325100,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,JJ,RIGHT IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING FEELS. Have no reason to give it 9/10. MY SCORE : 10/10
76561198122476836,Recommended,282070,15797634,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Renegade,"在战争中，你会如何去抉择？感谢《This War of Mine》.In the war, how will you choose? Thanks to《This War of Mine》.感谢制作团队加入简体中文，这让更多中国玩家体验到游戏。Thanks to the production team to join the simplified Chinese, which allows more Chinese players to experience the game.9/10F*ck the war !每一款游戏都应该有他存在的意义。Every computer game should have the meaning of his existence."
76561198106323210,Recommended,282070,21067076,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mighty Twerkules,Beautiful
,Recommended,282070,20934154,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,andrewong1995,Very interesting game!!! Strategically fun and addicting!!! :D
76561198012036914,Recommended,282070,21058318,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[2.FJg]Fox-ST,">Killing others is a challenge on this game.>If you attack someone with a shotgun and only have your fists, youre gonna have a bad day.>If you attack someone with overwhelming force, youre gonna die of depression.>If you dont attack them, youre gonna die of hunger.Little did we know that this was actually the spiritual succesor to the game and popular movie, SAW."
,Recommended,282070,21063679,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,nerdtrash2k14,"This game is an absolute treasure. I cannot even begin to imagine what it would be like to be involved in war as a civilian, but This War of Mine provides a wonderful start. In fact, since the only DLC is literally a donation to help children in war, it's probably the best DLC you'll ever purchase. It adds art to the game for free, since all the money you spend on it is a donation, which I assume you can continually buy if you want to donate more.Of course, the gameplay can be incredibly challenging depending on who you start out with, and each civilian (you can make your own character, by the way) has their own skills, personality, and possibly an addiction. Every character has an autobiography that tells you what kind of life they lived before the war broke out. Each story is just as heartbreaking as the last, and it makes the whole experience that much more real.Your household can grow if you allow new people to take shelter with your group, and it can shrink a whole lot faster while scavenging for supplies, illness, or attacks for robbers during the night. However, since you yourself can go to other houses that may or may not be empty, it's a painful revelation that you're just as bad as the people who attack your group. Your group realizes this no matter how stoic they are, but the more sensitive characters are particularly affected by this, just as it would be in real life. It can be so easy for some characters to become depressed, especially if they're doing something they feel uncomfortable doing.The atmosphere for the game is absolutely spot-on, and the world is almost devoid of all colour, save for red and some orange for fire. The graphics are a blurred grey for the backgrounds, and it's reminiscent of a watercolour painting or charcoal drawing. There is a sombre theme established through the background music, but you are able to change that through a radio that you can craft during the day.During the night, you scavenge or trade for food, water, and materials, but in the day you're cooped up inside for safety and, therefore, carry out basic needs. This would be the time to feed your group, heal them, console each other, or craft new objects out of materials to make your shelter a more liveable place. A radio can be crafted to hear about shortages, the weather, and of course, listen to music. Beds can be made for sleeping and recovering from injuries or illness. Weapons, animal traps, home security systems, tools, medicine cabinets, and other objects can be created to aid in survival, and deciding which one to build first is incredibly difficult.Personally, I like to play this when I'm feeling depressed and can't see anything positively, because despite being a melancholy game about the horrors of war, I find it to also have hope for survival. Every time I play this, it makes me feel the same way: pensive. I feel as though I have realized something great - yet sad - about humanity. As strange as it sounds, focusing on survivng is incredibily helpful for me to take a step back, although I doubt everyone will feel this way.Honestly, this is a wonderfully challenging game for fans of strategy, war, or crafting genres, and I could see it appealing to a much larger audience.For anyone who needs a moment to realize what life is about, this is the game to play."
76561198019327123,Recommended,282070,21062083,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ヤキsawyer,wurf
,Recommended,282070,21109876,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jimi Hendrix,"Very interesting game , butiful mechanics and will make you think twice about war"
76561198048570160,Recommended,282070,20100972,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,alec,A great survival game that captures the atmosphere of a world that is based on survival and teamwork. The game allows the player to make choices not primarily based on negative consequences but more on morals and ethics.
,Recommended,282070,21096115,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Vinsmoke,-raid danger location-try killing everyone with gun-dead-quickly press alt + f411/10 would alt+f4 and raid again
,Recommended,282070,21085693,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,zesty oval knob,"Great game, but i had to stop playing because i started to suffer from FREAKING PTSD!!!!! EXPECT TO FEEEEELS"
,Recommended,282070,21021784,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,EmZiom,"Game is amazing. But UI is often terrible, so many times your deaths are cause by it.But after few hours you can get used to it."
76561198104930280,Recommended,282070,21085278,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,v.biggy.s,Sometime you have to be bad just to survive.Every choice you made will change the feeling of this game. Very addictive.
76561198039602752,Recommended,282070,20920138,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,arkadipl,"Good 2D survival game 'without zombies' . Graphics  is nice ,style and climate in the game it's good .We can feel this problems with food ,heat ,sleep ,mental problems  which all characters are geting invold , situation outside our 'safe house' it's also problematic . I have a lot of fun playing this game and time fly very fast when you playing .I realy recommend this game but i think if you have a chance it's better to buy this game in some promotion ."
,Recommended,282070,18456051,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Fiaasow,"This game made me dislike FPS games...It really makes you think about how wars affect citizens...The game itself is kind of repetative, to be honest, but it's the heart, and soul of this game that makes it all worth while, and for that, I thank you, developers! I love you guys for making this game, rather than another FPS game.10/10 - Buy it! If you don't have the money, get the money! This game needs to be in your library."
,Recommended,282070,20966949,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Danger Meat,Trying to stealth with an occasonally double clicking mouse is like playing russian roulette.10/10 would accidently run and get shot again.
76561198026168134,Recommended,282070,20967129,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,deckel2,So powerful it will make you weep and need a time out.
,Recommended,282070,20956076,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,HaywardGB,"It's like DayZ, but without the zombies or hackers and actually based firmly in reality.A seriously immersive experience that will leave you emotionally scarred and possibly suicidal. One of the best games i've played in a long while, you really get a sense of what actual war is like for those caught up in it. While I finish typing this review, people are living this game for real. Please, help stop war, simply stop voting.Peace out."
76561198067589133,Recommended,282070,21011145,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Exterminator,"mechanics are really cool with an interesting concept, really fun, highly recommend"
76561198001634749,Recommended,282070,21015333,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,_StanleyTweedle_,"I'm more of an fps kinda guy so I was initially apprehensive about this little side scroller, but it did catch my attention.  I grabbed it on sale and it turned out to be a real gem. One of my favorite plays for 2015. Drum up a little patience and give it a good play-through ( likely more than one try ). You may just learn a great deal about yourself."
76561198020807368,Recommended,282070,13779851,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Firebird,"Good Game , but short story its boring after finished once"
76561197960802901,Recommended,282070,13779865,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Niku,Worth every penny!!!
,Recommended,282070,13780058,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jack Odira,"One of the best war-themed games one can buy, This War of Mine incorporates numerous risk-reward mechanics that adds an deep level of immersion to the game; damn near every action you make affects EVERYONE, and I mean EVERYONE. Beyond the obvious pros and cons of who's staying in your shelter, one must heavily weigh the priority and necessity of they need to get set up from deciding to upgrade your metal workshop to make your own weapons and equipment to deciding to upgrade your home workshop to make your shelter more secure and self-sustainable.Even when you think you're doing great at the moment, the game throws various curveballs to completely shift your priorities such as bands of looters forcing you to constantly guard your shelter and the brief but severe winter weather that forces you to heat your shelter constantly or succumb to illness. When you go out to scavenge at certain locations, you may be presented with various challenges that can affect the morale of your fellow survivors i.e. assisting distraught civilians, using equipment to access better supplies, or dealing with hostile NPCs.Overall, the game does an excellent job of setting the mood of a war-torn madhouse that...frowns upon the adrenaline rush that is war, to say the least. You'll rarely have situations where you aren't forced to cutback somewhere and maintain an all-time high moral standing; you're gonna have to do what you must to survive, of course. Just keep an eye out for your survivors...you don't want them to mentally succumb to the hell they're in."
76561198107459030,Not Recommended,282070,13780828,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,imjustsaiyan,"I love the concept of the game, but some of the controls are so basic that they end up not making sense and are very frustrating. For example, let's say you go scavanging in one area for materials and it only takes an hour or two. Even though you have all this extra space in your bag and all this time, you can't search anywhere else! Not only is it not realistic (which I can forgive), it's so restricting that I've had people starve because the game wouldn't allow me to search multiple places for food. The idea is fantastic, but some of the gameplay could use tweaking."
76561197989721708,Recommended,282070,13780950,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kayzne,"This game is fantastic. I was a little hesitant about a side scroller. Then, I felt bad for stealing from old people."
76561198162868342,Recommended,282070,13781736,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,John,this game made me understand that you need to make hard desisions and roman needs to die
,Recommended,282070,13781960,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Laznikoff,"you'l be hooked for a week or so,. until you realise its pointless and all that."
,Recommended,282070,13782025,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,bc,"Very well made game, can see myself playing this for a long, long time.The interactions between the choices you make and the emotions of the characters whilst playing creates interesting challenges.Its often very difficult to be able to keep up with the demands of your people.I had to steal food from the elderly and one of my people spent the entire night sobbing, therefore making everyone else moody for lack of sleep :P"
76561198004319765,Recommended,282070,13783863,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mumu,Amazing game!
76561198048555583,Recommended,282070,13784649,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,alvstyyle,This war of mine is a very interesting game you start with a group of survivors 3-4 and your goal is to survive.this game is worth the buy its very enjoyable with plenty to craft and plenty places to explore with the odd side quest i have encountered so far into the game.There are a few thing i would love to see in the future of this game:Craftable bigger bag for more space for scavanginghome protection nights like a 3rd part of the night after scavenging with the other members that stayed home that is if raiders come that you can fight them off real timeco-op would be pretty awsome if two of you could search the same place or two different seperate locationsability to move to another house bigger/smallerfurther away locations to explore for suppliesguard dog (help with defence/scavenging to attack bandits)
,Recommended,282070,13784942,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TheMavericks,"i dont know what i must say but this game is ""BEST GAME I EVER HAVE!""."
,Recommended,282070,13785428,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,STOOGEN,"This game is great, gives a very different perspective on war that is not offered by your run of the mill wargame. Whereas games like battlefield and call of duty and halo and so fourth romanticize shooting the bad guy and all of the heroic soldiery stuff, here you play as a group of civilians stuck trying to live in a war. People who were teachers, and students or a chef before the war broke out who have little to no applicable skills to the type of situation in which they now live.Food is scarce and meds are rare.... during the day you cannot leave your shelter because of the danger and at night you attempt to scavenge supplies for your group and are faced by other scavengers, soldiers of questionable morals and other dangers. This game is great but if you really let yourself get immersed into the game it becomes really very depressing... my first playthrough I was starving and my people were sick and scavenging for food was tough. Desperation became so great that I sank a crowbar into the skull of an elderly couple for the contents of thier pantry and medicine cabinet; while it helped saved my people the brutal reality of having to murder a defenseless elderly couple or starve myself was a very real and very disturbing choice the game presented me with. 10/10"
76561197970350320,Recommended,282070,13685247,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,LLv34 Flanker,"This game is different. No more running and gunning and breathing behind corner to gain health. It is all about managing your scarse resources and trying not to get sick or wounded as it would propably kill you as well as the roaming robbers. A quite captivating game where you do not mind losing if making a bad decision, next playthrough you can do things differently and see how long you survive, will you see the end of war?Only drawback so far is that time goes a bit too fast when in the house. Quite annoying to lose at least 10 minutes when going from a room to another or even more if going a bit farther. The time compression could be slower in the shelter, would give you some extra time to tinker. Maybe put there to make the player do decisions faster, who knows.Another thing that could use a slight tweak is hunger + water. A human can live with quite a bit less food if you have fresh water. In game water serves no other purpose than being an ingredient to food, booze or meds etc. Characters never need to drink, but they sure get hungry and die within a few days. As said a small tweak could be in order.I hope this game expands as it has offered hours of entertainment and still want to give it another go, to see if I survive this time."
76561198007320194,Recommended,282070,13685396,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jimmyduncan23,"great game!, plenty of fun and is fairly hard to start.great unique game"
76561198028774639,Recommended,282070,13685624,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Enchiridion,Highly recommend. This game is beautiful.
76561198006619167,Recommended,282070,13686323,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dr. Perry Kocks,"This game isn't good, it's superb! I once had done a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥(rob an elderly couple) just to be able to make some cigarettes, only to have my smoking addict smoke them all and then run away. The game leaves you with a lot of morale choices that effect your characters, but also yourself. When I robbed this elderly couple, with an old man caring for his sick wife, I thought: goddamnit, I don't want to rob them but I need the medical supplies.Not only did my characters felt bad, even I was feeling bad. Cause is this what I would do in a real life situation? Would I be able to rob people who are trying to survive, just as me?I give it a 10/10 and a badass seal of approval (thanks AngryJoe for giving me this idea :P)"
,Recommended,282070,13678033,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zweiss,"Risky, thrilling and sombre. There are many different emotions to experience throughout this game. You can choose to do many things in here, but you always have to consider the cost. Would you want to go save this stranger that ran over asking for aid, or would you shut the door in his face? Is it the right choice? You get to keep one person in your party, but you don't know what could have happened if you saved him.Are you going to watch some woman get assaulted in the supermarket and then use the chance to lurk about to get supplies or are you going to save her? Are you going to kill the poor old couple for what they have, or are you going to leave medicine for them?This is what makes the game beautiful, the things you do when pressed to."
,Recommended,282070,13687243,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Money Fight,The Sims in hardcore mode
76561198110714520,Recommended,282070,13687506,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,nephalim2k,"This game is great. I could put it in more eloquent terms, but great is really what it is so why bog it down with hyperbole and lots of other big words :)The best part about this game is it is actually quite good at giving you real moral choices...which is more important today? Food or medicine. Should you leave those old people alone or steal everything they have? It a game which immerses you deeply in the simplest sense of what it must be like to live in this kind of situation, whilst still reminding you that unless you live through it you will never understand the trials and tribulations this game shows. And the little bit of graffiti by the front door sums up what the normal people feel about war."
76561198020847671,Recommended,282070,13688207,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Eldae,"I love this game. Played it several times through and still didn't get bored of it. Simple, but still exceedingly interesting and not too terribly time-consuming. (But if you're really into it, the hours just fly by!) I'm sure I'll come back to it in the future as well."
,Recommended,282070,13691066,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Aesu,This game is so rediculously hard... yet so very true to what it tries to achieve. Get ready for lots of frustration and making very difficult choices.
,Recommended,282070,13691599,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,cape,"It was Day 4, a warm day with a calm previous night.Bruno's wound had developed into a serious one, Marko's sickness had grown worse.Pavle had just came back with loads of supplies, but no food.The guys haven't had food since Day 1, they've scavenged the supermarket, the school and even the Quiet Homes..The only reason they weren't acquiring nothing of consumables was because, everytime they would be found, bullets would fly past them, and people would charge at them, and I would have to rush them out of there before they could even touch it. Now, they were all very hungry, tired, thirsty, and either had a gnarly deep wound or serious sickness.They had medical herbs, but they were of no use. It was Day 4's Night, I had sent Marko to scavenge on the market once again, while Bruno slept through his wounds, and Pavle guarded.I should've kept them all there.When Marko came back with loads of supplies, and some scraps of what they would soon call ""food,"" he was far too late.They were raided, Pavle was shot dead, and Bruno was murdered with knives and shanks.The raiders took everything, the stove, the workbench, the radio, the single bed, our only weapons were two crowbars, they were stolen as well. Marko had the crowbar and pistol with two shots loaded into it.I should've just made one of them sleep while the two guarded. I should've.. I should've..The game is an overall 9.3/10, this game has the true ""Press F to Feel."""
76561198052781182,Recommended,282070,13691618,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Fidget Fiddler,"This War of Mine is a very unique game.  You play as civilians trying to survive a war, rather than a soldier.  In most war games (Call of Duty, Battlefield, ect.), all you think about is killing the bad guy.  Thats it.  In this game however, you get to see what kind of effect war has on the everyday person.  It gives you many choices that will make you question your morals: should I rob the elderly couple?  Should I kill the priest for supplies?  Should I gave away what little food I have to feed a little girl's dying mother?  These arn't the only choices you will have to make, there will be many more.  Highly recomended.  If you have $20, BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198021655358,Recommended,282070,13677406,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Migit,"Who doesn't love dying by freezing, disease, injury, sadness, and hunger all at once. All around amazing survival and the first to put it in a realistic context."
,Recommended,282070,13677552,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fear_The_Noob,"This game punches you in the gut, grabs your heartstrings, and never lets go.  It's the gritty story of survival in the a fictional war-torn town.  While everyone else is out fighting the war, your group of survivors are simply trying to scratch out a living day-to-day and not starve to death.  Things like freezing, starving, getting sick, or getting wounded all tend to drag you deeper into caring about the characters that you're controlling, while giving you plenty of things to do while managing it.Sneaking into an occupied house to steal food and medicine from those living there, so that my injured, starving group of survivors would make it through the next few days literally punched me in the gut, as upon my return to what little bit of sanctuary we had from the war, all of the characters responded with remorse from stealing from the other survivors who were just trying to get by themselves....This game definitely made me feel the weight of the choices I've made and I enjoyed the experience thoroughly.  It's no surprise this made Rock Paper Shotgun's list of Best PC Games of 2014."
76561197964738754,Recommended,282070,13677583,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vandraven,"I really enjoyed this game. At the very basic level it’s just another Sims style game. You get a ruined house with at max four different PC’s to control. They need to eat, sleep, and keep warm. Some minor things like coffee and smokes are added in as well, though not needed they help the mood of the people in the house.The characters are set and mostly random when you start a new game. The whole point of the game is to survive in a war zone for roughly 45 days. 45 days in game can seem like forever.The controls are good aside from the combat. Combat in this game can be really annoying at times. Once you understand the hidden numbers for different characters it can help you decide if combat is worth it. But more often then not you are much better off just hiding and ambushing people.With that being said though, you can get through the whole game without doing any combat. And honestly you are more likely to be better off trying to avoid combat. The game has a lot of feels and messages about how hard it is for people living in a war zone.However, none of the in game stuff really hit me till I lost my first person. And one ending I got was a major downer and hit me pretty hard. Even though most my people lived through the event, because of the choices I made one killed herself after the war. And the others in my house had almost as bad out comes.Price wise I think the game is very worth it. I’d really like to see more games like this. In most rogue like games the worst outcome is normally just death. In this death seems like a better outcome when you`re out of food, have no water, and the main savager of your group was killed trying to free sex slaves. And in my case he was a father of two just trying to make it through the world to see his family again."
,Recommended,282070,13677653,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,iGleeson,I played for a few hours and all my people were starving. I went looking for food in a quiet house. I killed an old man and robbed his house while his wife wept over his corpse. I haven't played the game since because I feel so guilty. 10/10.
76561198071142267,Recommended,282070,13677734,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dinodan,Brutal game that messes with your emotions. Only problem is the fighting. But everything else is great.
76561198071587274,Recommended,282070,13677974,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rarity's Lover,great game
76561198048897923,Recommended,282070,13678172,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Slythiechick,"Got this game because it was a twist on the normal war-survival game, being civilian rather then a soldier.  The gameplay is easy to figure out.  Surviving is difficult, as is in real war, with food at a minimum.  I've gotten to 22 days so far, though I've lost two people by being shot, my three others push on.  But it's starting to get cold....I highly recommend this game.  9/10 (took one off because I think there should be a difficulty level adjuster, so on the easiest it would be a little easier to find food and supplies, though I understand they are going for more realism)"
,Recommended,282070,13679406,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,weirdnamemike,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is depressing
76561198034281340,Recommended,282070,13679547,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Alaric,Sadness: The Videogame
,Recommended,282070,13679563,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr.Cuddles,"Started playing at 8 PM, looked at the clock and it was 4 AM. Time eating magical game full of choosing between starving, being shot, freezing, or killing the innocent. Couldn't love it more."
,Recommended,282070,13424585,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Vlackrs,"If you like, love or want to test a survival, this is the right for you, it will test you as a person, surrounded by a war, you will have to do choices that will mark the experience of every person in-game and more.+10/10"
76561197970398452,Recommended,282070,13679763,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Carrion,"This game is a lot of fun. The setting is great. The idea it portrays is novel and interesting, and the gameplay is just difficult enough to be interesting without it being annoying. For the TLDR, I'd say get the game. It was well worth the $20.For gamers who like to learn as they go, this is the game for you. Getting started is a crapshoot. There is no explanation on how things work, or what you should be doing. You start off as a random team of people with unexplained traits, and a building with random objects in it with buttons to click on. From there you will clean up, build, and prepare your house for the coming nights.For those of who find these sorts of unexplained situations frustrating, I highly advise you to take some time to read the wikipedia. While some things are straight forward, many other things aren't intuitive. I personally had a lot more fun with the game once some of the mechanics were explained and I was able to plan my day/night cycles better. /Spoiler For example, you don't need to feed your sims every day, only every other day. If you try to feed everyone daily you'll never keep up. You also need to fill the heater with more fuel as it gets colder, as opposed to just keeping the heater running.  /SpoilerAs nightime falls the game changes. You select one of your band to go out and scavenge, while the others sleep or guard the base. Once you've picked your scavenger, you're taken to a world map where you select where you want to go. The world map tells you the names of places, generically what loot is available there, as well as a basic idea of who or what you might encounter. Then you select your gear and off you go.The scavenging portion of the game is great. Searching the ruins of buildings nearby involves both the fun of discovering things (something I never get tired of) and dealing with danger. Peeking through a doorway to see where the people are standing or moving, dodging bandits, steailng when you have to, and getting away by the skin of your teeth all happen often. Each night you need to have a plan on what you need and how you're going to get it. The game does a good job of almost always leaving you wanting SOMETHING. Whether it's materials to improve your base, medicine for your sick sim, or valuables to keep your sims morale up.All in all the game is great. Fun to play with an interesting world and the rogue like elements (the world map is different every time, and even when the same location is repeated, it has the chance to have an entirely new set of people with differieng objecives living there. Get the game, you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,282070,13679905,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sea Robin,This game so far is awesome. It's not your normal 2d survival sim. Each character has special atributes and emotions that dramactically change the enviorment of the people in your shelter.
76561198010548992,Recommended,282070,13680374,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Strick67,2/3 of my team died. Murdered an old couple to survive by myself. Feel a little guilty.13/10. Buy this.
,Recommended,282070,13680487,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hug,"A truly unique and addictive game. Contrary to the popular belief the game does have an actual ending, but all the times you fail to reach it and start again are somehow more satisfying than when you finally finish it, after which it lost all replay value to me.I wish we had more games like this with different settings, as it is a great general gameplay model."
76561198192399528,Recommended,282070,13680569,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,xtnepo,Simply addicting!
76561198000418585,Recommended,282070,13680874,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Optimus Reich,"Very good game with addictive voltage. It is not just a simple game, because the game encourages to think about current crises. Anyone can help, especially in everyday life! In general, it is the small things that count."
,Recommended,282070,16802771,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[1n0] FinnSanity,"9/10: Excellent civilian war trauma simulator, inspired by the events of the Bosnian War and the siege of Sarajevo in particular.This War of Mine's main claim to fame was a focus on the struggles of civilians during war time, instead of the far more common role of ""most important invincible super-soldier."" The result is a despondent struggle through war, winter, and want as your survivor(s) await the ceasefire.In terms of play, this game is almost entirely focused on inventory management and planning. Most of your time and mental energy will go towards deciding which things to take back to the house based on what most needs to be built or accomplished. There is combat, but the game is not geared towards it, and the risk of dying is far more present and permanent, nevermind the sadness and depression that often afflicts the survivors after commiting murder.It takes a play or two to really get the hang of what to build first and when to use things like food or medicine on survivors without being wasteful. All the survivors have a descriptor that alludes to what they are best at, with some people being far more valuable than others. Some, like Marin's  ""Handyman"" and Bruno's ""Good Cook"" allow things to be made with fewer resources. Others, like Marko's ""Skilled Scavenger,"" Pavle's ""Fast Runner,"" and Boris' ""Strong but Slow"" are about movement or carrying capacity. Unsurprisingly, being able to carry a lot of stuff is undoubtedly the most important factor when it comes to having enough supplies.Over the course of the game, exploring different areas as fully as possible is crucial in order to stay supplied. The little notes one can find in different locations sometimes reveal valuable resource cashes, but more importantly they provide a glimpse into the sorrow of people being separated from their families or their children dying. In conjunction with facing tough choices like go hungry or rob someone, This War of Mine really highlights the trauma and challenge of just trying to survive in the midst of wartime.All in all, it makes for a very engrossing and desperate scenario for a game. Highly recommended, especially to anyone seeking a game with a different perspective on war and violence."
76561198102505495,Recommended,282070,16803228,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Widowedalex,This game shows how hard can be to survive after the war. I loved playing it.Pros:-Hard time finding food and supplies (How survival games must be)-Real feelings for killing people.Cons:N/AI recommend this game and it is worth every single penny.
,Recommended,282070,16803415,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nillers,Would strongly recommend this game!
76561197960810145,Recommended,282070,16803514,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,HachiRokuMack,good
,Recommended,282070,16805589,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Death@Head,"This game is hard to beat, hard to play, and is set in a very depressing theme. But! This game is so annoying to beat it iis very pleasant to play, you want to just beat it, settle you're survivors, and let them thrive in a devestating world of war. There are scavangers whow ill kill you, people who will annoy you and you're survivors. Even you're survivors have feelings, they get depressed after killing someone or stealing someones food. I am sirious if i told you: BUY IT INSTANTLY! Play it for hours and beat the game. SURVIVE."
76561198048887843,Recommended,282070,16744666,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,BlackBuddhaSensei,This game is a true survival experience without feeling the need to toss in half baked zombies. Ive enjoyed every minute. If you're a fan of games like XCOM FTL and even a bit of the original Fallout games then this one is for you. Fully Recomend.
,Recommended,282070,16745696,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,glandishi,amazing game. cant stop dat feels
76561198154604830,Recommended,282070,16709379,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,nifeleki,"Wars have a serious impact on people's lives.Things that we have for granted are becoming scarce, hard to obtain. Food , meds , fuel for getting warm , clean water  become top priority for them to survive.A title coming from 11bitstudios a game development company from Poland , puts you in a situation like this and dares you to survive.This war of mine is a 2.5D survival management game.You take control of 4 people who are struggling to live in times of war.During the day you manage your reserves ,you decide which one  takes a meal, meds or bandages, rests or works by creating necessary stuff like an oven or a bed to sleep.One critical need in the game is their mood, how they feel.There are situations that will broke their mentality and they will need something to cheer them up or someone to talk it out.Every character has a specialty for example he can be good at trading or sneaking.During the night comes the part of the game that you will go scavenging.First you choose which one goes out and which one rests or takes the shift for guarding.There are 20 places on the map that you can choose to go and find the stuff you need.There are people who can trade or bandits, soldiers and other scavengers that you will have to avoid or engage in order to survive .The decision is yours ,whatever you choose to do will have an impact on your crew.For example i chose to pillage one house where an elder couple where living , i attacked one of them and killed him.Next day my crew was depressed.There is a limitation on how many things you can carry and it varies among the members of your crew.Time is essential here, day or night it never freezes so you constantly need to take fast decisions.When the night ends and you return back to the refuge there is a possibility of a raid(a good one) where you can loose items or your crew members getting hurt.On top of all of this you will have to encounter the winter when it comes(winter is coming as the Starks say).The game is hard as it owes to be and sometimes disturbing because it makes you feel the grief of war.There is also a fun feature where you can put pictures of your friends when you create a character.There are polish companies that make serious games, they put a lot of effort and love and its clear on the outcome ,they really gained my respect."
76561198122104402,Recommended,282070,16751332,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sexy_stallion1998,"Good game from what I can tell. However, after a few minutes of playing I turned the resolution down because it was running slow on my laptop. This crashed the whole game and now I cannot open it at all. Please fix this bug so I can play the game a paid for."
,Not Recommended,282070,16750233,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,KM,"I probably should have looked into this game a little more before buying it. I bought it on sale so I'm not super upset about it. It's a decent game, but please keep in mind that this survial type game is based on keeping your group of 3 alive from starvation, depression, and those type of things. Kind of like Oregon Trail! Except, you're in a building instead of a wagon and people love to rob you when you leave it. You have a little bit of time during the day to build supplies, eat, sleep, and what not. At night, one person goes out and scavanges for things you might need. They didn't really guide you much at the beginning of the game, and I found myself going to this places only to not be able to get much because of the other people there who would kill me if I touched their stuff. Except for the old couple's house.... I took all the things! And then the woman in my group hanged herself because she couldn't live with the guilt. Man up! I get what they were trying to accomplish with the game, but just wasn't for me."
76561198051752799,Recommended,282070,16754051,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,The Eternal Crusader,"I highly recommend it especially if you like survival,scavanging, commanding people in you're group, and the struggles of war. I must warn you especially at nights this game is very unforgiving and is like in ironman mode (once it happans you can't change it, 1 life rule) It does have some bugs BUT it hardly affects the game and hardly shows up. Plus it is addicting as hell, you WILL get your moneys worth and yelled at to get off after playing 5 hours nostop!"
,Not Recommended,282070,16754631,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jul the Fool,I made a video review of this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN3RcALiO8A&feature=youtu.be6.8/10 Cakes.
,Recommended,282070,16756070,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ludster,"This game makes you do ♥♥♥♥ed up things man. If you're into games that gives you choices on how to do a certain scenario, and if you're into survival games that pits you into doing anything for survival, then give this a try please.Good things to consider:>Many ways to interpret and do events (Slap a ♥♥♥♥♥ or be friends with it, you know the drill).>True survival events and scenarios that makes you do things to survive, but regret horribly later (Just talk to my deceased bud Marko).>The OST is very atmospheric. Also turn the radio on all the time, the songs there are my jam.>Not your average FSP, CoD-ish game (Thats a good thing imo).>It has a DLC for charity man, how is that bad.Bad things to consider:>Half of the time, you're trying to sneak through armed people for food. The other? Standing around waiting for the rain catcher to make clean water to make food.>Price? If you really want to get it, go ahead, but I suggest waiting for a sale to get it around 40% off or more.All-in-all, its an emotional game, would recommend to people that cry easily."
76561198140033068,Recommended,282070,16681386,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hysterical Ant™,"Last night....Marko killed 3 men. First one with a shovel to acquire a shotgun with a few rounds. after slaughtering the other two men in the building he went home and was never the same man. He broke down in a deep depression. The harshness broke his will to eat, drink, or even live. This War of Mine is inescapable. Survival is nearly unfathomable. Only the strongest will survive the creulity of each day.To this point I have made it as far to day 17 before all of my people were killed or mentally and physically broken."
76561197972588260,Recommended,282070,16681417,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,_warrior,"I survived 17 days. This is not a game where dying doesn't matter. I never thought any of my characters would get killed. They all died within a space of 2 days. Katia was killed while scavenging. I though I'd quickly steal some supplies from a house full of armed men, as we were desperate for food and valuable items for bartering to get more bandages. As the night of her death ended, the next morning saw another of my team, Marin, pass away from severe wounds, even though he was bandaged and recovering, or so I thought, in bed. It was the worst night I'd experienced. If this wasn't enough, the third member left the house. He was also wounded, tired and hungry. That left me with Pavle, the 'fast runner'. He was broken, and he would not move, because everyone had died. On the last night of scavenging with him, he was knifed by someone, as I tried to steal some precious food supplies. I was going to quickly run away, but had to run past the Garage owner's son who knifed me. Seeing as I could do nothing, I pressed 'End Day'. I might as well have pressed 'End Game'. Pavle committed suicide. The credits explained he thought he had no chance in seeing his son again, so decided it would be easier to give up.This game has so much character, and also a huge replayability factor. I was too keen on helping others, so I invited another in to the house at about Day 8. Now I had another mouth to feed, another body to protect. He then fought with another of my team, causing both to be wounded. That did not help matters. I had already messed up scavenging in the wrong locations, not crafting weapons at the beginning to protect ourselves, not building enough beds at the start. I thought I would do well when at Day 6 I knocked an armed guard over the head with a shovel while scavenging with Bruno, because he was about to assault a poor girl who was also scavenging the supermarket. I killed him, and got his AK47 and 20 bullets. But that didn't help me. What helps is food, water, bandages, furniture and warmth. And above all, kinship. Characters can talk to others and build each other up. This is a true survivors' game. A simulation of real survival during wartime.Do not be put off by the 2D nature of the game. The only game which made me feel as emotional as this game, was The Last of Us. That says something. £15 is peanuts for a game with a soul."
,Recommended,282070,16682878,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Invi,"It's only a game, but not a ordinary game. This War of Mine is really something you don't see often on the market. This ""game"" shows you how wars looks like. Not form soldier or some general perspective... from the other end. From victims perspective. You will have to survive as a civilian in a HELL on earth... on a WAR. No supplies, no super powers, only you, you friends, enemies, and choices you make."
76561198022251786,Recommended,282070,16684303,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ThePruner,"Great game, kind of like a mix between ""Commandos"" and ""The Sims"" but only on some very light/basic editions of those. Took me a second try to finish it and understand the way ""autosave"" works in this game.Basically, this is a resource managment were most decisions you make have a toll.You entirely play with the mouse in a click-to-go style. No keyboard and no ""aim-to-fire"".It is very basic in controls and so is its fighting system.There are day / night cycles.At the day, you are at your house, safe but have limited time to prepare for the night.That means you have to craft weapons, tools, cook to eat, make a bed to sleep, etc.When the night comes, you chose from your ""team"" of characters only ONE player to go scavengeand set the rest to guard/sleep/sleep on bed. During the night, you can get into fights / gun fights and be killed as well.There is some stealth system in the game but nothing fancy.Do not expect to see heavy action.Unfortunately, after some hours of game play,you have seen almost everything, been to most map places and before you know it, it is over...I bought it on a sale offer and would recommend it only through an offer as well.It is short for a full purchase but it is worth it."
,Recommended,282070,16685603,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Tactical_Cheeto,>be me>day 7>gone scavenging>on hotel>kill 4 people>come back>everyone depressed>everyone commits suicide10/10 would kill again.
76561197974662324,Recommended,282070,16686184,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Something4themrs,Fantastic if not haunting account of war. 10/10 would recommend to a friend
76561198010990743,Recommended,282070,16688447,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ratu,"Addicting in the just one more turn kind of way, or in this case, one more day/night cycle.  This has a great 2D Simms like, click to move, play style where you have to scavenge and prioritize your supplies, your time and physical risk to survive in the urban warzone until the cease fire and end of the rebellion.How many days would you survive? Would you steal, would you kill or even murder to make it?Pros:- Art and music done well, drawing you into the dreary destitution of a war stricken city.- Clean UI with tight sound/sight mechanics when scavenging- Character development makes you love, or hate, different characters, or at the least appreciate them for different skill sets (one uses fewer supplies to cook food, another sneaks quietly, or has combat experience, or larger bag for supplies).- Crafting system is interesting enough while being realistically limited. You will not be making chainsaw-polearms, but you can repair firearms, make an axe or lockpick, rat traps for food, a furnace to stay warm, and herb garden to roll your own smokes amongst many other useful items). Nor will you be utilizing the whole crafting tree during a single game (perhaps unless you create a custom game) as supplies again are very limited.- Replayability I put at medium as I love the survival/post apocalyptic genre in general; this will be a game I dust off every several months after this initial binge because, elements of the ""map"" or scavenge sites you visit can vary inhabitant types between games. Don't assume the supermarket is safe because last game there were only fellow scavengers there.-- There are several preset ""campaigns"", which translates into survivor character matchings  to play through (so far I've seen up to a group of 4 people out of 8+ you control).-- Other variables seem to include timing and harshness of winter and crime waves along with supply trade value fluctuation/availability.-- These and other settings can be tweaked in custom games, as well as creating your own survivorCons:- Combat dynamics required some sacrificial trial and error before I could use it effectively (meaning I could clear a house of 3-4 armed bandits with a knife and the combat character)- The layout for your home does not seem to vary much between games, I've only noticed a slight variation on one floor one time. Which decreases fulfillment after a few games- Thought bubbles get repetitiveBonus Tip: Right click makes your survivors run, really great for the day cycle when you have to wait for them to scale a few floors or get a meal in before nightfall."
,Recommended,282070,16446501,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,wolfcat87,This is an INTENSE game. There's something crazy about trying to keep more than one person alive. This is you protecting a group. It's not just about yourself. That really threw me off. They allow you to get to know these people and bond with them on some level. It's that much more heartbreaking when THEY ALL DIE. Makes a person want to cry. I HATE crying. lol. Great game.
76561198201992636,Recommended,282070,16448012,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,YORVIK VIKING CENTRE,"its distinct because its original and dumb too.dont know how that works.its basically school daze made by hipsters with limited intellegence,apparently it was inspired by IRL eastern european war. which is no doubt why everyone in it is american. and a tube.i hate myself.recommended."
76561198061912207,Recommended,282070,16651967,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CastleZ,So sad but so fun. My eye have problem after playing this game because I attend this game and feel so bad around my world.
76561198041158986,Recommended,282070,16653924,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,joe_ferrett,I die lots
,Recommended,282070,16656668,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lidhuin,"This game has an excellent crafting system, a decent scavenging and trade system, and an okay fighting system. The fighting system could use some work, but it isn't a fighting game as such.It has a decent story - text isn't too long, and maybe just a bit too short at times. Yes, some people call the writing infantile, but I prefer the term simple.It has a few kinks here and there, but tells a good story.The only improvement I would like to see is an addition to when the survivors are doing very well for themselves - once you have all the weapons, food, fuel, water, etc... you might need, and are nearly impervious to attacks and just waiting for the war to end, I think that the survivors/civilians should actually get involved with the war. It feels like a side-show at times - you're affected by the war, but not really involved. The reality is that while not everyone is a soldier, civilians can and do get involved in wars. Once you have all these resources, that's when you can have group dynamics start falling apart because one of them wants to go out and support the militia actively while the others just want to stay hidden. And what happens after the war then, when the militia loses and your guy has been out killing dozens of soldiers and civilians for the militia?That's the only group-dynamic lacking in this game: Actual involvement in the war, one way or another, as opposed to just scavenging, trading and the occasional skirmish."
76561198039934045,Recommended,282070,16657313,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Shelly <3,"I really like this game, its emotionel and I really had to think a lot, ""do i really need to steal from these ppl."" Its a very slow game, but it didnt bother me at all .. 20 hours of gameplay, before I survived a ""whole map."""
,Recommended,282070,16660585,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Keith,"An excellent game. I kept wanting to do just ""one more day"""
,Recommended,282070,16661786,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,JaCrispy,"Good game.  Sucks you in pretty quick, however, it can get stale pretty quick also.  ""Surviving"", in TWoM, in most aspects is fun.  There are a few things though, that become tedious.All in all the game is veery well made, and in the sea of crap that continues to come out on Steam, TWoM truly shines.Worth it."
76561197995062655,Recommended,282070,17879623,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,pak,"This game is very hard-hitting. It allows you to build a rapport with your survivors as well as other survivors around you. I have not found a game that actually makes the player think about doing good deeds rather than just being selfish and killing. It does this by essentially, mentally punishing the player and having adverse effects on the survivors you control, which can result in them leaving and stealing stuff, or committing suicide if they are 'broken'.The soundtrack for the game is also amazing, it matches the art style and really builds a tense and overwhelmingly upsetting atmosphere. For the price of this game, it is a definite must buy. Since the game is incredibly difficult, it will take a while for you to get used to all the functions and to actually survive until the ceasefire. But learning is very fun in this game, and playing with some for of tactics is heavily rewarding."
76561198059141120,Recommended,282070,17922557,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,derek31,really like the game. Trying a game where I play as 1 character and I try to kill everyone managed 21 days before my untimely death
,Recommended,282070,16564807,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shiroro,"A great survival startegy game, geared toward the realistic? that doesn't allow you to simply loot and kill your way to victory, if they're percieved innocents.  If they're bad guys it's 100% ok to kill them all.  Shows an interesitng side of war from the civilians perspective that showcases their struggles during wartime."
,Recommended,282070,16570528,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pkmnruler,Probably more emotional than the Walking Dead series10/10
76561198026522476,Recommended,282070,16570856,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,hippo_meat,"Cool game. I really liked the art and the style of play. I nice change from my first person shooters and point and click RTS games. It was so good, I purchased it for a few of my friends. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,282070,16571654,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Neometalero,"The most depressing game ever, full of the most sensible minded characters ever. You stole a bottle of water? Better kill yourself? Private property keep belonging to the dead apparently  (a capitalist dream), and if you get depress you will starve, bleed or get sick to dead. Apart from all that is an awesome game, with a lot of good moments that reflect the drama of war."
76561198021388186,Recommended,282070,16511122,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cli'ki,"One of the best survival games I've played so far.  I love the low saturated art style, interesting characters (though, it would be nice to customize your own), and the overall theme.Some cons though?  It doesn't matter who you 'steal' from or even kill in self defence, if they are innocent survivors or sociopaths who want you dead, your characters will still be depressed.  This may just be in my experience also, but it doesn't seem to matter how much you barricade your shelter -- looters will still easily get in and injure your survivors.The pathfinding seems to also be a tad weird.  'Run to exit' is often a bad option to use as it can make you run into enemies...or go up and down the same ladder while being shot at.  Places that look like you  can jump down may not be so as well.  I've lost too many characters for this reason alone.Overall, I'm having quite a-bit fun with this game, even if breaks may be needed after a rage-quit or two.  I would recommend it to anyone who like single-player survivors."
,Recommended,282070,16563241,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sheppy,"Even if i haven't played this as long as my other favourite games, and most probable will no do, it is infact in line of the greates games i've ever come across. Do not expect to be a hero in this game, you are nothing, somebody might raid your home, somebody may shoot you without warning and in the end you might shoot somebody or die off hunger. It has trial'n error elements, which may frustrate some and if you seek action you are wrong here. Some describe it as a very dark version of the Sims, but i would disagree, this game is less about surviving, but more about how you justify your survival."
76561198018708088,Recommended,282070,16506591,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Shamyasus,"So for the first time in many goes, I have two survivers of the war, but now I feel guilty because the young lass Zleta? died the day before the end....if only we'd have guarded our medicines better!...Fool!Brilliant (other side of) war game...well recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,16508191,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Meowzaa,i love it! recommended to all people!
,Recommended,282070,16512845,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DoctaKat,Awesome game. Definitely a must play... :)
76561198165312264,Recommended,282070,16514164,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The Red Wolf,"No game has allowed me to tell stories like this game has. With the ability to do various things and actions, and with those actions having many results, the ways to play the game are endless!Honestly, great game. Would recommend to anyone who wants a somber, different type of war game.The graphics aren't amazing, but the art direction is. Seriously, I can't imagine a better way this game could have been visually made. FIts the mood perfectly, and looks really good.The gameplay is fun, at times a little slow though. If your looking for a high action game, this is not it.The writing is simple, short sentences, but get the point accross.The music is also very, very good!And with the unique approach to war, and great role playing elements, this game is one I will have many great nights with.9 / 10"
,Recommended,282070,16514498,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Victor_Vermis,"The Sims + war crimes. Amazing.The ONLY aspect of the game that I think could be improved upon would be further limiting the player's ability to stash items in scavenging locations. Other than weather/war temporarily blocking access to these locations, it is kind of silly that you can safely stash all your stuff under a rock right in front of starving people without any risk of ever losing it."
76561198042180244,Recommended,282070,16514654,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,vacnatskall,Old people beating simulator 2015.
,Recommended,282070,16514880,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ClawMaster,"I just finished this game and man... What an experience. I have been itching to play this game since I heard about it and what got from this game was uncanny. Instead looking from a soldier's/marine's point of view, you look into a perspective of a group of civilians that is caught in the crossfire over political stifre. The battle for survival is never pretty and you may succumb to acts you would NEVER considered.I had four survivors and only one survived the war (41-42 days). Just keeping their satifaction was quite a challenge, never mind the chore to prevent them from starving to death. Healing wounds was not easy either. The scarity of resources made me compromise some of my personal morals and made me do things in the game that I am not proud of. Thankfully, I didn't kill anyone, innocent or bandit, during my playthrough. My characters were already depressed from stealing, just imagine murder.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone. It really gives you a new perspective of how ugly war really is (if we didn't know that already)."
,Recommended,282070,13682788,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,KIWIo3o,"Let me start off by saying that I normally do not rate or review games (or any movie/show/etcetera for that matter), but this game caught me so off guard; I had to say something about it.This is, by far, one of the best games I have played. The reality of the actions of the characters is beyond comparison to any other game. Despite there not being a direct storyline, you are able to read characters' thoughts throughout the game dependent on certain situations that happen. There is raw emotion (the gamemakers portrayed this beautifully) to be found in this game- it is truly a masterpiece.P.S. The art is quite beautiful."
,Recommended,282070,16515005,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Glice,"Probably the most depressing game ever made. It's really challenging and micromanagement is a must. It's incredible and real and sad. I robbed an elderly couple but didn't hit them with my crowbar. I thought I was being a stand-up guy. My guys still became depressed over it, so I guess I spared them for nothing."
,Recommended,282070,16515246,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Vultcha_,"incredible game.changed how i look at games, and won't attempt to explain how.get the game, play it, and it will break your resolve that you are just ""playing a game."""
76561198010479045,Recommended,282070,16515691,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Peter Pan,"A beautifully depressing game that captures the desperate conditions of war.The game plays similar to a zombie apocalypse game where you have to scavenge and craft to survive. Except instead of a fantasy enemy, the enemies are real such as looters and war.The game is played in detailed 2D and your base is an ant-farm, much like in X-COM.In this game, you control 3 survivors who have varying abilities. Once you progress further in the game, more starting teams can be unlocked.You have to make sure your survivors make it until the war ends. You have to watch your hunger, depression, tiredness, sickness, injuries, the cold weather, and defending against looters either while scavenging or protecting against your base.You have to scavenge, craft and trade various things in order to manage those needs. You cannot build everything because there are only a limited number of locations you can scavenge from, so you have to decide what strategy you want to go for with your limited resources.There is some randomness in the form of random events and when conditions like the cold weather arrives. The starting team that you pick also have different abilities that may change your strategy.A very good survival game which doesn't use the stereotypical fantasy zombie apocalypse as the setting. A must buy for survival game lovers."
76561198065432732,Recommended,282070,16517297,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Schneider Von Penisburg,"Everyone either was shot or died from a lack of banadages. Poor Anton was left by himself for a few days, a broken man in a broken city. Another survivor, a girl, came and stayed with him. Anton was happy again, feeling as if could get through this war.However that night the girl was shot dead by a soldier she had just traded with.Anton killed himself the next day.10/10 literally the most stressed ive ever been over a group of people."
76561198040368350,Recommended,282070,16518607,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The King,"Played one hour in, found myself having to rob a house with two old people inside. The lady was sick and the man kept begging to not take anything, but my party was so sick and hungry so I did anyway. After that I just quit the game, went to bed and tried so hard not to cry like a b*tch....9/10"
,Not Recommended,282070,16606115,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Torkiano,The game doesnt currently boot in modern Linux systems. See:http://steamcommunity.com/app/282070/discussions/0/610573751159186268/#p4
,Recommended,282070,16606568,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jutta#AntiRB,"You play a group of persons with different background stories and abilities trying to survive the war.That's it ... basically.You will try to stay alive and look for food, medicine, cigarettes and so on.It will feel like a grind without end in sight. And that's what the developers try to show you.You will have to decide, whether you will take the honest path and share with the other survivors or if you choose to kill for your basic human instincts.Your characters will react to their actions. A murdering scavenger killing innocent people for food will get depressed and may commit suicide.Another problem is that the game tries to be very unspecific, it doesn't name a specific location for the war, takes ordinary people as characters, has no voice-over and gives no backgroundstory on anything.It's basically ""You are a normal person. There is war. Survive.""And don't get me wrong, I know that this is used to show that war can hit anyone, but it makes the characters and dialogues/monologues seem very flat and unauthentic.Maybe the developers can give the characters and monologues/dialogues a bit more depth while still keeping the aspect of showing that war can hit anyone.All in all, I like this game for being unique and carrying an awesome message: ♥♥♥♥ THE WAR"
,Recommended,282070,16606946,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Adam,I stole food and medicine from an old couple.10/10
76561198170671298,Recommended,282070,16608039,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,semper_edem,"I'm not going to cover the good points 'cause there's already enough of that.  I wish there's a sense of realism to it when it comes to scavenging.  Why can't you do it during the day.  Clearing or going through rubbles should be able to be done by more than one people.  It's good that it conveys the message that the worst victim of wars are civilians.  I wish there's more to it, 'cause later on it become's repetitive."
76561197995338186,Recommended,282070,16608521,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,my longest chudbo,"You know the people in other games, the ones running away screaming or simply the dead bodies on the ground. They don't get much attention whilst you're busy shooting some brown people shouting 'murica!In this game you play as those dead bodies on the ground.3/3"
76561198062730341,Recommended,282070,13779818,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Deamonic,feel simulator 2014 killing son and dad then brutally murdered old couple. made me regrett gg.
,Recommended,282070,13726723,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Regular Kekistani,"♥♥♥♥ YEAH I RECOMEND THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥♥! THIS GAME IS THE MOST CREATIVE AND FUN GAME I""VE PLAYED IN A LONG TIME!"
76561198046757550,Recommended,282070,13726812,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Magical_Pony_Warrior,"It's good to see a war based game, where you are not Seargent Sniper Pilot Class Destroyer Can Opener General rank 34 after your predator missile killstreak nonsence, but rather, a simple guy, who only wishes to once again see the world, which was lost to the war"
76561197963316291,Recommended,282070,13727399,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,gex2k7,"""This War of Mine"" really creates an intense feeling of being in war without being a soldier or similar. (Like in most FPS games).The atmosphere is really thrilling, but also frustrating. However this is intended.Personally I tried three times, then I gave up when I made a stupid irreversible mistake, where as a consequence Marko (the guy with the biggest inventory) died on Night 11/12.Probably I will try another time, after I got some distance.Now why do I still recommend it:I  often play FPS, RPG's and RTS games and other games where war is somehow glorified, which is also OK in my view as long as the player is aware of a game being a game.However it was really interesting to somehow experience the war victim side, which ever player should see, also in order to have a more realistic contrast to all the glorifiying and heroic stories in other games.And also the atmosphere when experiencing this ""game"" is really intense."
76561198097649528,Recommended,282070,13727730,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Comic Sans,"This game was amazingly made. I love it and can't stop playing it. Every part of this is heartbreaking because it is the cold hard truth. I love that this game provides a completely new view to people who are used to the war-time experience of games such as Call of Duty, or Grand Theft Auto.87/5 Stars, Would buy again. Would recommend to everyone that I know."
,Recommended,282070,13713671,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Legacy,"This game is as realistic as any survival game is going to get, the choices you make and the actions you take is going to determines how your survivors are going to be after the war. This is one of the best survival I have ever played as your survivors share their feelings on the war and how they react to each action you take.For me I started my first try great, not stealing from the weak nor killing innocent people. Taking only 'trash' and killing thugs/bandits for supplies/weapons. Ended the game great with a good ending (Buy the game and find out) you will not regret the money spent on this!"
,Recommended,282070,13717759,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,EggBoy,"Essentially, all I've done in this game is die in many horrible ways, and just fail miserably in general. But I keep coming back for more. This game gives you an experience like no other, even if all you do is die repeatedly. It's a fresh take on a pretty ""dudebro"" topic for video games. You play as a civilian in a warzone, and it's basically as terrible as it sounds. You'll have to kill people when your life is threatened, but they're just people like you. You'll have to steal from people who have even less than you to survive properly, and these events effect you characters as well. This game is great, as long as you don't mind not being happy when you play something :p"
,Not Recommended,282070,13718359,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DedByDragon,"This game woud be really awesome, If ift didn't crash so much!"
76561198041745613,Recommended,282070,13718750,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Big5850,One of the Best Game of 2014.
76561197973552330,Recommended,282070,13719295,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,XOskeletal,"Addictive, one of the best point and click games I've played."
76561198071473911,Recommended,282070,13720445,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Von W. 5M-181,"Just outstanding!!!This game is unlike anything I played before. Its made where every day has its different struggles ranging from food, to fights between each other. It can get a bit stressful at times, so its imperitive that you play this game when your not distracted or els people will die. Other than that the game is just a bundle of awesome, I highly recommend it. 5/5 FTW"
76561198070885027,Recommended,282070,13561875,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Focks,"Different take on war games. Great graphics, make you think on how to survive, what to do... Difficult but good! Different and I love it. Well done game."
76561198051249829,Recommended,282070,13563130,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LessTenaciousD,"This game is brutal, unforgiving, and ruthless.  10/10 would buy again.My three survivors are trying to live in a shelled out building. Katia, Bruno, and Pavel.Day 5. An older man knocks on the door of my building, asking for refuge. I agree to let him in as I figure another addition to the crew is always welcome and we have resources to spare.Night 5. Katia goes out on a trade mission to the soldiers in the Northern part of town. She trades moonshine, coffee and smokes in return for building supplies. The only weapon the group owns - A small kitchen knife - is left with the remaining refugees in case of an attack. Pavel guards the door while Anton the new guy and Bruno the cook sleep.Day 6. Katia returns home to find bandits raided it. Pavel didn't stand much of a chance, he was wounded. All their food is lost. The group is sad, Bruno hasn't had a smoke in six days and the wear of withdraw is creeping up on him.Night 6. Anton goes on a raid. Nothing of worth is found except a shotgun, some shells, and a few herbs.Day 7. The lack of food is hitting the group hard. Pavel is recovering slowly from his wounds, Bruno is becoming sick and depressed from withdraw. Katia and Anton are tired from having to take shifts sleeping and clearing out the building because Pavel is recovering in the other bed.Night 7. Katia goes on a raid to a small apartment complex owned by an eldery couple and their son. She knows the building is locked and the man probably has a gun for looters, so she takes the shotgun hoping she can just take enough food and not have to use it. She's up the side, in through a window and halfway to the kitchen when she hears the old woman scream for help. Katia panics and fires on the old woman, killing her. The woman's husband hears the shots and  runs. She fires again, injuring him. The young man yells in horiffic surprise, his parents gunned down. He's running up the stairs with his own shotgun. Katia fires twice, killing the man and taking his gun. She pulls out a crowbar and kills the old man so he can't run for help.Before the shock of what has happend  hits her, Katia has 4 cans of meat, 5 bits of raw meat, and enough medical herbs and bullets for her compatriots to last until next week.Day 8. Katia returns home. She opens the door to the building and collapses to her knees. ""How can I live with myself. I killed those innocent people."" she cries. Bruno comes up and tries to comfort her but he fails. She's ""broken"". On the verge of suicide over her actions, and the consequences have effected the whole group. Their all ""sad"" and it affects the way they act. Bruno makes hot food for the group. They may all die, but it won't be of hunger.Day 15. Katia finally gets over the worst of the depression, and the group is back to normal. They haven't gone hungry thanks to the moonshine stills upstairs which provide enough alcohol to trade to the soldiers for food and bullets, but the house still has a long way to go to become defensible.Night 15. Katia raids ""sniper's junction"". Intel says it's completely safe, but other refugees say otherwise. Arriving, two things greet her; A refugee's wounded screams and sniper fire in the distance. She makes her way to the wounded man, taking cover behind blown out cars. In between sniper shots and the man's cries of agony he begs for his help. Several sniper bullets and a few minutes later and she opens a sewer grate for the man. His relief and gratitude is shown as he asks her to follow him back to his flat. She escorts the now hobbling man back to his home. They enter to the sound of a screaming baby ""I'm home Jacob"" cries the man, hugging the infant. ""I have everything we need and I promise I won't leave you again""  He tells her he wishes he could do more for her, but she is welcome to all the contents of the box under the bed in the next room. Katia enters the bedroom and opens the box - filled with jewlry. ""Thank you again, I don't know how I would have survived without you"" the man says as Katia heads home.This is not a story, these are actual events within the game. Killing innocents has effects on your survivors, they aren't soldiers after all and sometimes they can't cope with killing. Sometimes refugees become sad, or depressed. They can become suicidal or become prone to fits of rage against their fellows. They can freeze to death, get killed on raids, starve or die of sickness. But they can also become happy, even if only for a short while. They can build gardens, stills, read books and help other people and families. Every action has a reaction."
76561197989507394,Recommended,282070,13564171,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Not_Cyclops,"This gives you the feels, the feels of having to kill people just to survive a little longer. But wen♥♥♥♥♥♥was going down i beraly made it. And wen i did make it i cryed... Wen was it going to end? i started with 4 and i ended up with 1 old math teacher. He survived he left the city with the knowledge that people has died just so he could sit down and drink some coffe.BEST GAME EVER 10/10   buy it or at least add to your wishlist :D  I ♥♥♥♥ING SURVIVED!!!"
76561198049655698,Recommended,282070,13566511,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jhadin,"Amazing game. New and fun. A little dark, but that's war. Looking forward to more patches!"
76561197963902033,Recommended,282070,13566785,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mental Midget,At first i was abit sceptic against this game but after i purchased it i really loved it! cant wait to see if they will bring out more content to this game. :)
,Recommended,282070,13566939,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hurtlane,"LOVE THIS GAME, but i wish they made it longer, and with a bigger map where you can scavange for other players home and♥♥♥♥♥♥ It'd be awesome!"
76561198095551193,Recommended,282070,13567237,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DaJ,your actions have really good or bad consiquences and is extremly realistic
76561197998898509,Recommended,282070,13567637,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dashlay,10/10Very Good Game Play.A choices that sometime hard to choose.You can be whatever you want.Try to steal and don't let them know or just kill and get everything.
,Recommended,282070,13598064,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sofia Dragon,"This game is ruthless, but it will have you playing it over and over again. Each time you might survive a little longer. Sometimes it will be te cold that kills everyone. Other times, it will be the snipers and thieves. You will shout at your computer when you are certain you could have survived if only the merchant had shown up in time. It's the sort of game you talk about how long you survived, and the first person in your group of friends to crack thirty days will be begged for tips. It plays with your morals, and constantly challanges your ability to manage resources."
76561198121241250,Recommended,282070,13599064,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,White Magician,"The worst thing I can possibly say about this game is it can feel pretty fast paced when not paused by clicking your inventory, and you feel like you gotta act quickly, because every second of time counts. But that's not anything new in a lot of the best games out there.This War of Mine has easily become one of my newest favorite games ever, and it's an INDIE GAME to boot! What makes this game great is it doesn't get easier the closer you get to the end, it gets HARDER! A lot harder. The situation often does not improve, it gets worse!NOW, before any of you read this any further, I need you to understand that this doesn't automatically mean this game is ""dumb."" It's not ""lame"" and it's not ""too hard,"" it's a CHALLENGE! That's what this game is designed to be overall, is a frequent challenge.Just because your group of survivor's circumstances get worse, doesn't mean you're not making all of the ""best"" choices that you can. It doesn't mean you're constantly making the ""wrong"" call on what to do. No matter what you do in this game, the situation simply becomes more desperate overtime. That's a bad thing. It's a serious inconvenience, but it's unavoidable. That's the way it is.Food can get scarce all the time, people will have to go hungry for a while or be sick for a few day until you are finally able to find that desperately needed medicine. You won't always have everything you need even if you're trying really hard to find it. Survivors can and probably will get depressed from bad things happening that they either couldn't control or didn't handle well, and it feels like a punch in the gut every time I read those heart-breaking world bubbles among the survivors about how ""This is not a good day."" ""Things keep getting worse."" ""I can't handle this."" ""What's the point of going on?""The point is, you won't always have everything you need no matter how hard you try, because that's life. You don't get to choose how you start or what you start out with. All you can do is make the best with what you've got and go from there. If you need what you don't have, keep looking until you find it. Be persistent! Tired of hearing how your survivors are starving or sad? Think about what you CAN do about that and do it; don't get discourged or let yourself feel held back by what you can't do.This game is a game of exceptional quality. It's one of the most realistic games I know of to date. As a Christian man, I find this beautiful, emotional, well-designed game to be a work of art that teaches a sensitive, deeply touching message of courage, persistence, companionship, and a willingness to do what you can for the people you love and care about, even when that means hurting someone else to protect them or making sacrifices you wouldn't ordinarily make-all for them. This game captures all this in ways that not even the Walking Dead could, or at least that would be my opinion."
76561198061376536,Recommended,282070,19891314,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SirCharlesFiddelsworth,Weimar Germany Simulator 2015P.S. This is a really good game you should probably buy it right now.
,Recommended,282070,20353096,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kuga,Probably my top 5 all time favourite.Emotion Simular 10/10
76561198205187460,Recommended,282070,20364147,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,CZ.Ks,"This is a great game but honestly it makes me sad. Docters and nurses were trying to safe me then i stole their meds and food, ruined other patients hope, I felt a deep sense of shame about wtf im doing. Well, this is war, even i successfully survived, I dont think I win the game."
,Recommended,282070,20339382,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Danielheadbang,"Never have I got to the cease of fire :^(  but love the game, really amazing and precise to show how hard must it be to be there"
,Recommended,282070,20355360,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,duelbuster,"this game is very dramatic, i dont recomment for people who like action games who go boom boom and pew pew to enemies and then finish. you cant just simply do that in this game.It has a huge impact on me. at first i was slightly bored how people easy end up dead i.e. got killed by thugs or hang themselves from guilt of robbing helpless people.then after many failure, i finished it and then the truth hit me hard. this game based or true story of people during civil war in Yugoslavia.the actual gameplay is really nice, kinda realistic but not 100% cause you know.. it's a game) every characters has their own alternate end after war end, consider whether they are alive/dead or the how much crime they did affects them.i start research Yugoslavia war after i finish.if anyone ever say games are for kids or useless, you can throw this game on them."
76561197987316902,Recommended,282070,20281084,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,RAGE,Great game - beat it first try
,Recommended,282070,20339929,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Khaos,"Good game, gives a real depressing feel. What i mean is...There was a family, this family lived inside of a house on an un-named street, truth be told, they had no idea where they lived, they just happened to live (SPAWN) here. One day, the father went out to gather supplies while his sons defended their home and mother, but the dad had an issue and he had to use a shovel to get through some rubble, as he was digging through the rubble with his bare hands because he had no shovel, a bandit walked up behind him and blasted him in the head. He died. The end. YOU WISH IT WAS THAT EASY! The family slowly went insane and the mother committed suicide before the sons fought each other to the death while yelling ""I HAVE THE SHINIEST MEAT BICYCLE!""If your asking if this is a try hard review... i have your answer, but you must look deeper in the layers of Review::::::---------------YES!10/10 I actually felt bad for people I killed. As well as felt bad for watching the family get killed."
,Recommended,282070,20319173,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Young Metro,"Awesome game, awesome art (graphics), awesome gameplay! What are you doing? Go and buy this game right now!"
,Recommended,282070,20320768,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,forgiveness liberates the soul,great game!
,Recommended,282070,20315553,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,tricks,->pick roman/police->play an 80 day game->play 9 hours straight->get all achievements->cry
76561198159888112,Recommended,282070,20315725,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,J-Bo™,10/10 i have been looking for an enjoying casual game to play for a while now i have finally found one. i recomend this game to everyone who wants a good game to play when your bored and dont feel like playing CS:GO xDGreat Game!
76561198042499048,Recommended,282070,20484517,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Blizzard,"The war game we need! With all the kids running around with their Call of Duty's, its up to the more mature to enjoy something more realistic & heartwrenching. Something that tells the truth behind warfare & its impacts, damn that made me sound like an old anti war mother.. BUT ALL THE EXPLOSION ARE COOL. there we go, back with the cool crowd.Character development is played well, only giving you section of their story at a time, so if you loose them in the middle of the story,whelp have fun with that. Also told myself i wont care about the people i control. Well strike another tally to the ""I was wrong...VERY wrong"" part of the tally board... if thats a thing. Anyway, im going back into the feels corner & play more of this. Friends, get it & join me in the corner... not in a weird, perverted sorta way, but for like a awkward sitting session where we look at each other as we tear up thinking abot how I FRIGGIN KILLED KATIA! DAMMIT WHY!Waz good, get repetitive at times 8.9/10"
76561198272684958,Recommended,282070,20479284,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Zombienator,everyone always dies.10/10wud sooicide agen
,Recommended,282070,20371609,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Brighton and Hove Albion,Depressed simulator
76561198031774464,Recommended,282070,20469537,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Holybanana,"Loved it! First two days this game made me so depressed, but then I got used to all the atmosphere and the circumstances, and I became addicted to this game. Want more!10/10."
,Recommended,282070,20477291,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,RichoDemus,I can't remember the last time that the first thing I did after completing a game was to play it again. It's really good.
76561197960398407,Recommended,282070,20477524,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Zedkhov,Fantastic game. Extremely well balanced with just enough randomization. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,282070,20441715,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kaiser,Anti-Happy Ending Simulator
76561198047504592,Recommended,282070,20463814,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ColicMite,"Better than anything by EA for the last five years. Crafting, ethical choices, random events and more open world than alot of games claiming to be so. Worth a buy, if on sale pounce on it."
76561198044535420,Recommended,282070,20454697,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sagittarius A,A must-buy.
76561198036339046,Recommended,282070,13624450,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,YELLOW CAPE THE SECOND,"If you love base building, resource management, and emotional breakdowns, this DEFINITELY game is for you.  Surviving in the town of Porogen is a heart wrenching experience, making the player choose between committing some truly horrid acts and surviving.  Will you rob that elderly couple, knowing that without their food and their meds your friends will die?  Or will  you attempt to risk your life to rob from bandits, who are fully armed and will shoot on sight?  Choose wisely.  10/10 would cry again."
76561198027896310,Recommended,282070,13624958,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,golden_kobra,"I have put in roughly 50 hours and played most of the character options.  Most recently I was Marko alone.  It was harrowing.  Unable to defend during any night.  Having to carry all of my supplies with me for weeks.  No one joined me.  Some neighbors brought me vegetables.  Luckily, Marko doesn't smoke.  This game is amazing.  The updates make it even better.  Would recommend to anyoone."
,Recommended,282070,13625747,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Artheval_Pe,"If you ever wanted to know what war feels like when you're just happening to live near the battlefield, this game is for you. This War of Mine is a unique concept mixing gameplay elements from survival and management games. During a time of war, you manage a group of civilians living in a shelter who scavange at night, improve their home during the day and just try to survive through the war.What makes this game interesting is that surviving is not as easy as it seems. Even though you manage to get a lot of materials early on to improve your shelter, the lack of wood, food, water and the cold during winter can quickly wear down a group of survivors. And when ressoures get scarce, you tend to take more risks when scavenging, which can quickly lead to the death of some of your suvivors, because in This War of Mine, combat is not only hard : it's punishing.Overall, this game is a shining exemple of an original concept fully realised through a clever and simple design, which makes the gameplay extremely approachable and straightforward while keeping a level of depth and difficulty on par with most hardcore PC games. If you are longing for an original game with a great atmosphere and an addictive gameplay, look no further."
,Recommended,282070,13626171,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rellickz,"Very unique and fun game, It draws you in with the difficulty of trying to make your survivors prosper, and you never really get unhooked until end game. Very enjoyable"
,Recommended,282070,13614299,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Patrick Hobbes,"This War of Mine puts you in the shoes of civilians trying to survive in a war torn city. The game explores war in a manner that no other game ever has. The developers deserve a huge amount of credit for designing a game that forces you to make hard decisions that you'll be thinking about long after you're done playing. If you are looking for something different from the usual shoot-em up FPS or arm-chair general wargame, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,282070,13615062,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Grey0n3,"Reaaally challenging at start but was really nice playing, it does look simple but not that simple.as for dislike - not too much locations, which is a bit dissapointing and you do know them by replay for few times.despite that - will be in private collection for occasional playthroughs...."
76561198115208600,Recommended,282070,13616796,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PassDaMayo ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Good game
,Recommended,282070,13617302,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Crack'em,awesome way to feel the heat of a battle. This game has a charism that catches every player in a way that i can't describe. Just buy it that you wont regret.
76561198121068760,Recommended,282070,13604928,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,lagspike17,it makes you think of how people live in war that is right at there doorstep 10/10
76561197984482084,Recommended,282070,13606028,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Commissar Fallout,Made me feel like a monster and would not let me forget those choices....11/10
76561198088187611,Recommended,282070,13606217,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nomikoi,I absoloutely love this game. Although originally though i felt pretty useless the game does get easier. If any of the developers read this they have to make the game harder or have a hard mode.
76561198062845503,Recommended,282070,13607249,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ThisisPatty,Really good!
76561197975821087,Recommended,282070,13609903,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tadpole,"Love this game. It's good to see the other side of a war from the civilians perspective, trying to survive, stay alive, make it to the end."
,Recommended,282070,13610282,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mr_eff,"Great game, took a few short games to get the learning curve.  After that it was constant decisions about what to do each day.  Do you build enough beds for everyone or board up the windows?  Do you help your neighbors, what supplies can you give up to make this or trade for that.  Should you rob from other survivors or aid groups to survive.Your people will fight each other, over your choices.  They'll get depressed, sick, injured, hungry and you'll have to decide to provide them with their vices or trade them away for supplies and materials.You can avoid combat for most the game, with the exception of being raided at night.  Nothing like having a safe stockpile, only to be raided and wind up losing most your food and a severly injured defender.Combat itself could be improved a little, I only used the knife and pistol.  The knife was constant click which wasn't bad and worked out better than using a pistol.  For the pistol, it looks like there is an aim mechanic, but combat happens so quickly that I burned through six rounds, the bandit was still standing, and killed me with his shotgun.When you start losing people, the game takes on another challenge.When winter comes, get ready to break everything you can to keep the house warm, people fed, and fight off sickness."
76561198030764067,Recommended,282070,13036023,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Viperace,"A game that get you hooked emotionally for some reason.I am playing the third time, it does has some replayabilityOverall a whole new gaming experience that is worth the moneyEDIT:Countless replays now, anyway 60+ game hours clocked."
76561197993517548,Recommended,282070,13610939,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Madmatter,"I am not normally a fan of crafting games. A friend showed me this and told me the base management would appeal to my strategic nature. The survival aspect helps to bring in the dark and survival horror genre that I enjoy. And the moral compass has always been a feature I like to see in games, where your decisions have actual consequences. Overall I would recommend this game to another player, as it suprised me with its simplicity and ability to draw me in. My favorite thing was realizing half way through one of my scavenge missions that I was scared of running into an enemy, only to realize there were no mutants or zombies around, and that I was afraid of running into another survivor."
,Recommended,282070,13670310,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RogueSpectre,"An extremely detailed and highly dynamic game which forces you to think about many factors of survival, depression, food, water, shelter, morals. This game goes much deeper than most.That being said, this game is so highly detailed that it asbolutely needs a tutorial or guide. 4 hours into the game and I still don't understand how many things work, collecting water, fighting, etc. I know I can just look up a guide to this but I shouldn't have to go through that just to have fun in the game. My first 4 hours into the game should be learning how to play it, not learning how the mechanics of the game work (and, in the case of fighting, how they don't work.) I shouldn't feel like I have to have trial and error just to play, in other words. Because 4 hours of trail and error is pretty tedious.I give this game a 7/10. It is definitely worth playing and I would reccomend it, but I does need a little polishing. (Scrap the current fighting mechanic completely, it seems like its practically turned based.)"
,Recommended,282070,13670857,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Nobistik,"Awesome game, although two warnings that come with this game: I wouldn't ever say this is a game that will ever leave you with a happy go lucky feeling inside and even when you win you'll always loose."
,Recommended,282070,13670881,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Republican,"This War of Mine is truly a piece of art. It's story creates emotion, it's art creates feelings, and survival aspect is one like no other. You are missing out if you do not have this game!"
76561198170184922,Recommended,282070,13671990,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dank Memes,"this game is so gripping and sad and amazing, i feel like im in this world, surviving with these people. overall stuning game, good graphics, great game to have."
,Recommended,282070,13673534,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LHunt,Amazing game.
,Recommended,282070,13673814,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kido.,Melhor jogo.
76561198075819517,Recommended,282070,13673868,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sulee,"This game is fantastic!  Gritty, real, harsh...  My poor characters had quite a few hungry days, early on.Characters get sad if you steal from the innocents, and rejoice if you kill the thugs!  It's my new addiction.  Survived 4 times already, and working on a 5th!The new'ish starting screen, to pick preset-scenarios is lovely -- I hope to make my way through each one.I'm off to save some more innocents.Game On!Sulee"
,Recommended,282070,13673941,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Applesmacked(1080ti hype),Great atmosphere combined and enjoyed the moral decision making.Combat was confusing and/or annoying to figure out but after understanding the mechanics wasn't as irritating.
76561198059946971,Recommended,282070,13674269,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RMag16,Amazing.
76561198033264885,Recommended,282070,13674298,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Miszel,One of the best games ener
76561198064873355,Recommended,282070,13674526,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mantis,"Need some kind of endless mode! Or at least longer, great game. Well worth the money, but it really needs something to do after the ceasefire besides starting over."
76561198073653349,Recommended,282070,13675118,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,heresiarchqin,"This game woke some pretty horrible memories of mine.When I was like 7 years old I was in Panama. Panama at that time was invaded by the US. During daytime I cried a lot because the gunshots outside were fricking loud and my mom would constantly comforting me. One night my dad came back in tatters because he was mobbed by some opportunistic robbers. I think he survived because he hid in some trash heaps.Now consider that the situation in Panama was pretty tame compared to Bosnian war. And This War of Mine was set in such a setting with terrific, even uncomfortable realism. Playing this game will make you feel much less ""cool"" or ""fun"" when you play other games about (modern) war, even if you are playing as the righteous, ""heroic"" side. Playing this game will also make you taste the powerless feeling as a civilian in a war - performing heroism or gung-ho rampage against gangs will make you die in 80% of the cases while in other games it's just 30%. And also, playing this game makes you smell blood and feel horrible when you kill anyone, which is completely unlike the case in games like Skyrim in which you can butcher a whole village gleefully without feeling anything.This is game that is not labelled as horror. This is a surival game without shambling zombies nor radiated mutants. This is not a game set in a post-apocalyptic Earth nor a city suffering from some virus outbreak. Yet this game is stressful, oppressive, and sad. Because this game is real. All the horrible things you see happened, or is even happening now somewhere (perhaps in Ukraine).tl;drFuture history classes should let students play this game when they are teaching the horrors of war."
,Recommended,282070,13675161,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Free Agent,"Heartrending and intense. Every second counts, so make use of it! One of the most punishing games in terms of game-ending consequences to each decision."
76561198056882490,Recommended,282070,13676002,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,KronicHD,so addicting!
,Recommended,282070,13676374,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,My sister died in the spaghetti,I haven't had this amount of feels for characters in a game since Last of Us.10/10 would rob old people again.
,Recommended,282070,13676578,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ophidiann,This game is amazing!  It really makes you feel like you are 'living' through the war
,Recommended,282070,13677130,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sandmansandine,"Awesome and original, one of my favorite games of the year."
,Recommended,282070,13677194,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SourBoy,realy nice game its scary evry day to see if you get raided not but if you do game of it (game ends at day 30) it gets boring i think it needs more conntent maybe workshop that peaple can create ther own house or maps that would be cool wit more content this game will be awsome
76561198065303795,Recommended,282070,13677229,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rethe,"An amazing experience. In a time where almost all war games are FPSs where you're a heroic soldier, This War of Mine takes a twist and shows you what it's like to be someone who may not be in the military, but still must fight for their life on a daily basis."
,Recommended,282070,13677239,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,iBenParry,"The game is set in a worn torn country and you play as a group of survivors struggling to survive. You have to scavenge for supplies in the night and survive in the day. Basically, at the beginning, you play it smooth, loot a few empty houses, but overtime, the need for supplies increases so you have to go into houses with other survivors trying to survive. I came across an elderly couple's house when I first started the game. I would go there a few times to see what they were doing, and every time I checked, they were sat on their chairs talking to each other. They weren't causing any problems, so I just left them. I would loot empty houses dry, but eventually, I ran out of empty houses to loot, which meant I had to start looting survivor's houses.This is where the game tests your morality. That old couple, that innocent couple. I ended up going into their house, the husband rose from his chair and asked what I was doing in his house. I pulled out my shovel, he and the wife begged me to put it away. The husband approached me, and I struck him in fear of being injured. The wife, begging me to not hurt him, screaming. Then I delivered the final blow and the room went quiet. The wife stood there in fear and collapsed at her husbands feet, begging him to wake up. I ran around the house, grabbing whatever I could and ran as quickly as possible to get back to my sanctuary, not knowing what would happen next.Two days passed until I decided to go back. When I arrived, I looked through the keyhole expecting the wife to be sat on her chair, she wasn't. I walked through the front door and listened for any footsteps, none could be heard. I started to steal everything I could get my hands on, I nearly scavanged the entire house, I just had one room upstairs left. As I walked through the door, there they were, that innocent old couple, both lay dead in their bed.The wife must have taken her husband with her and she must have taken her own life in fear of being alone, and I caused that.This isn't a game, it's much more than that. In the little time I have played This War of Mine, I already know much worse will come. It's a masterpiece, a cruel masterpiece."
,Recommended,282070,13677301,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Broken,Brilliant
76561198076285209,Recommended,282070,13677310,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,jakelynch,"I wasn't expecting the game to be like this. When I thought I had it figured out, it turned on me. When I thought I was comfortable, it shook my foundations and took things from me. I had a plan... I had the means to carry it out... but you can't account for everything, and eventually Murphy's Law strikes.In this war, everything matters. It is unforgiving, brutal, and it will break your heart.I wouldn't have it any other way."
,Recommended,282070,13677330,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sRd^-,"Hell yeah! - This game is worth it's price. Actually I'm not a big fan of indie games, but 11bit Studios Anomaly was twist for itself and so This war of mine is a great piece of art(!) to demonstrate the horror of war, the horror of people survived the first encounter and now struggle to survive the war. - I would totally recommend this game aka piece of art (no other words, the GFX are stunning!) to everyone I know. Even to people who aren't real gamers.To the game features, great, most contrasted GFX with a pencil art style background, which are best to bring the atmosphere to the desktop, imho. - Sounds are nice, a bit repeatidy, but okay all in all. Gameplay is very good, easy to learn, actually hard to master(eg when in combat situations).All in all, BUY IT, IT'S WORTH THE 20$"
76561198046674936,Recommended,282070,13648921,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Angingungingu,v fun game ty
76561198075326699,Recommended,282070,13863801,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Fallen Corpse,This is the best side scroller game of its kind! Spent days playing this game on end without any sleep! :D
,Recommended,282070,13864927,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Abdul Alhazred,"One of the best games I've played so far. (I played a LOT of games...)A total lack of guidance (no tutorial) makes the first steps very hard, but that just adds to the games' desperate atmosphere. Even if you avoid any bad decisions, you will still have a hard time getting through the war.Beware: The game offers some seriously unsettling scenes. No exaggerated depictions of violence, but very depressing situations which do not offer a ""right"" way to solve them.You've been warned. Now buy it and suffer!"
,Recommended,282070,13873449,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,BoBoZoBo,"Absolutely stellar. Simple, elegant, and relaxing gameplay with high replayability. Beautiful aesthetics and sound. Love everything about it. Having been in the area during the conflict this game was inpired by, the title ""This War of Mine"" hit especially home. Kudos to the devloper for telling this story without over-complicating the details. Best $15 spent in a long time."
76561198172469041,Recommended,282070,13875360,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Asberger's syndrome,Ive really liked this game it always keeps you on the edge of your seat seeking what path you are gonna take what are you going to scavenge what supplies do you need the list goes ON AND ON. overall I highly reccomend the game for strategy and survival nerds.
76561198094878573,Recommended,282070,13879174,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ruggy,"In This War of Mine you control a group of civilians, who are struggling to survive during a war conflict. This is a great game, absolutely brilliant. What else can I say? Try it."
76561198103742876,Recommended,282070,13913417,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Killerduck,I Loveeeee this game. Thanks you Vegeta of TFS for the reccomendation.
,Recommended,282070,13913505,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Drown,"A competent, compelling and sometimes stressfull survival-platformer. I'll be the first to admit, I was scepticle when approaching this game, with the survival genre being the way it is, however I am happy I decided to pick this game up and start playing. The game is excellent, combining stealth, survival, and rpg elements, with enough difficulty to have you wanting to correct your mistakes, and see that every survivor makes it through the war.I'm not a huge fan of platformers, but in this game, it feels right. Although, combat is quite clunky to say the least, once you get used to the fight sequences with your scavenger, its relatively smooth sailing. Be careful who you kill as well because all kills have repurcussions with your survivors, so make each kill count and be sure to wash it down with some moonshine :P!If you are looking for a challenging, single-player survival game, then one could definitely do worse than picking up This War of Mine. It'll definitely earn its money back (in terms of time-played) and may even hold a special place in your collection. The game is not without its problems, however. There are some bugs, though most obvious ones have been fixed, and it could definitely discourage players who cannot adjust to the difficulty and learning curve. But don't give up, you'll make it through the brutal war! Sarajevo did! :DAll in all, an impressive purchase, and an even more impressive experience.8.5/10"
76561198067175770,Recommended,282070,13742958,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,firebird163,"This game is amazing. The gameplay is hard, fun, and somtimes very challenging. I cant get enough of it. It has a amazing looting system that somewhat reminds me of dayz. And a system for taking car of your people, like a Sim game.Also the graphics cool so nice, with the penciled in shadows, it gives it that depressing kind of look that the situation needs.10 out of 10 no doubt.SUGGESTIONS:1. More animations for looting or the characters mood.2. LOTS of different spawn houses3. And I know this would be crazy hard, but maybe a multiplayer. Where everyone on the server has the same time and at night you can raid your friends or people near you. This might be too hard because of the way fighting goes. You can have it so friends can trade loot with you. If this is too hard, atleast have a scoreboard so you can see all of your friends records."
,Not Recommended,282070,13914906,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Arasereg,"I have been playing this game for 11 hours and I am becoming bored to the extent that I took a two week break from it. I like the game concept and story and I like the sinister mood and graphics. But after having survived for 32 days with no end  in sight, doing the same thing over and over I have becomed bored. The game price (19.99) to entertainmant ratio is not good enough. It should be cheaper to justify how quickly it becomes tedious. If you enjoy repetitive, unchallenging game play, this game may be for you."
76561198007241691,Recommended,282070,13915679,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,bartniczy,"very cool, very real"
76561198023466708,Recommended,282070,13917331,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,RIDDLER,This is awesome!!!!
76561198009737481,Recommended,282070,13903772,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Theylon Raypeters,"This game is really good, but not in an ""enjoyable"" fashion.   I know that might sound weird at first but bare with me.   This is the type of game that when you play it you get engrossed in whats going on...the story behind each character...the want and need to survive in any way you can (even if it means being sad or depressed for a while.)   Let me tell you a story about what I mean further below.This game is essentially the sims, mixxed with a survival aspect, and a ""RNG Moral Choice story driver similar to FTL"" in your own actions...its worth the play, and if it was modded so tha you could add in your friends, create characters, etc etc....it would have a LOT more replay value than it already does....=========================================(possible soilers even though its mostly random)My current story (1/8/15)I started out with a team that were mostly scavenger based....fast runner, guy that can carry a lot, and a cook.   Each night you send out one person to scavange for ""things to survive.""    After 20 or so days, id given a girl (stealthy one at that) haven in the house.   This is both good and bad.   its good because that means that if i need to sneak around a place, i can send her out instead of my heavy hauler....but bad because now i have to feed her and have a bed for her too.    Anyway, 20 or so days in i no longer had any ""safe / happy"" areas left to scavange from....this meant I was forced to either wait and hope for the best...or go visit an elderly couples place.   i did so and proceeded to rob them blind.   Thier son tried fighting back...I then was forced to kill all 3 of them (passivly on the elderly couple as i took all thier stuff to live) and that lasted me another 10 days or so...the food started running out, and that meant the other elderly couple that had lost their son in the war was the next stop.    I had a choice, steal their stuff and save 4 lives...or let the old woman and man die from stealing their medications and food.   Again, I was forced to steal from them...but now I had no one to take from but a hospital, church, or a warehouse full of thugs.   Thinking that my stealthy girl could get in get a full pack and run....i sent her...sadly she's dead now and im back to the original 3.   War is hell..."
76561198123742458,Recommended,282070,13904803,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ampacity,One the best games I have played. Is in my top 10 for sure.
,Recommended,282070,13905800,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Lime,"One of the most unique and gripping games I've ever played, both storyline-wise and gameplay."
76561198126939378,Recommended,282070,13907902,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"really well balanced little war-survival simulator.I thoroughly enjoyed the scavenging parts of the game. especially unknown regions are getting your pulse up. (unfortunately there is not that many regions to keep the element of surprise throughout several playthroughs.)This War of Mine keeps you struggling, no matter how good you think you start of and had my mind repeatedly wandering off to the struggles of my freezing, sick and starving survivors.you will find it easy to navigate and relatively intuitive in its handling.not sure if it's a pro or con, but the ""simulation"" is not especially complex (not many characters or variables to be accounted for), it just has a decent degree of difficulty and randomness to it ... you know, like life.the graphics are good and together with the sound support the bleak world of your characters.if you see it on sale and/or are a fan of simulators a'la Rebuild, give it a shot.for me it was worth it :)"
76561198006559260,Recommended,282070,13908399,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ShadowBane,"9/10Çoğu yorumda tekrar oynanabilirliğinin olmaması eleştiriyor. Eğer ard arda oyun atarsanız tabiki sıkar, bir süre ara verirdikten sonra tekrar oynama isteği gelecektir. 2 kere farklı grup ile bitirdim hiç bir anından sıkılmadım. Random eventlar daha çok eklendikçede tekrar oynanabilirliği daha çok artacaktır. Bir dlc fena olmaz bu oyuna."
76561198116015344,Recommended,282070,13831582,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Noobing27,"Started of with the first story.Food was scare.Robbed old people. (Feel bad)Killed bandits after killing inhabitants in church, (Roman critically injured)Out of Food and Meds after looters attacked!Gained lots of food and materials! (Stole and Loot)But no Meds.Lost all Most of the Food again!Pavlen broke into Villa undetected...got killed.Roman in critical conditionKatia went for vengence but only managed to get what Pavlen looted. Meds!Bandaged Roman!But it was too late! Roman Died the day afterKatia went to find food while That cook guards the shelter.Stole from hotel and escaped unharmed.The Cook left without notice.Katia alone.She went well own her own for 3 days.Almost out of supplies.Went to Sniper Junction!Dodges bullets...hit twice...hit again...she dies...I cri...i...Cried10/10 would cri again!"
,Recommended,282070,13832004,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,FingerClick,Fiquei viciado nesse troço. Mt bom o game.
,Recommended,282070,13832892,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,NINTHTJ,"Excellent game, brilliant mechanics and very challenging."
,Recommended,282070,13833857,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,{Îβ} BlackLanner,Excellent game. Great and terrible human experiences rolled into a beutifully scripted environment.
,Recommended,282070,16227135,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Arthe,"One of the most unique and real games I have ever played.Cant be quite tough to play trough, you really feel for the different characters.Most of the times Iv started a new game I failed before getting to the end, but it does not matter in this game really.If you want to try something different, try this game!8/10"
,Recommended,282070,15848148,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Xcizer,Amazingly detailed fun game with a good anti-war message about the true victims.
76561198055063341,Recommended,282070,16225891,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Heather from Finance,"Truly a masterpiece! Every moment of this game has me on the edge of my chair, as you struggle and do the unimaginable just to get by and keep your survivors alive. You really start to feel connected to the characters after a while, and not to mention how much there is to do that constantly keeps this game interesting. I also LOVE the graphics of this game, very unique and breathtaking. Every now and then I may run into a glitch, but it's not like it becomes unplayable because of it. To wrap it up, great game!"
76561198055415015,Recommended,282070,16282683,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Arcanite,"This game is incredibly dark and haunting, but extremely beautiful. It's not a particularly difficult game once you figure out a daily routin for your characters, but it's definitely not easy. This War of Mine portrays an epic story of survival, pitting you against the weather, starvation, fatigue, depression, looters, other desperate survivors and even guilt. Half the game is trying to keep your characters from being overcome by sadness. Definitely a dark game, but worth every minute."
,Recommended,282070,16285684,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Smooth Wolf,"Good game its fantastic, if u like strategy,survive games u really gonna like it! :D Good Work Developers"
76561198055538530,Recommended,282070,16269262,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Joseph Lenin,"All of these Call of Duty like war games makes you want to be in a war with all the pulse pounding action it has to offer but this game takes a different approach in the war related genre. It's way more realistic and it's characters are interesting. Just like Spec Ops: The Line, it breaks me to even enjoy warfare. Even if this is just a game, I take their emotions and experiences seriously. Makes me care for them as if they are whats left of humanity.Cmon, give us more games like this because to me, the Call of Duty like genre is dying out in my opinion.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,16278594,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,robbyvdub,a
76561198033151940,Recommended,282070,16811314,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dee,"Finished with 2nd try after 43 days. Start with almost 5 people and only 2 survive. In war be the surviver its truly not fun, nothing ist for free and easy.  Great game where everythink works perfect, looks perfect and sounds perfect only your choices are not so perfect when you try to survive. I will try to survive again 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,16814416,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,hugepig80,"This game is just so sad (but AWESOME gameplay) :( From the beginning that I know that I wouldn't be able to save all of my people, I still hope that one of them would survive. However, the process of watching of one die after another is insane. In war, there are just too many reasons to die. Get killed, get wounded, get starved, get robbed, get betrayed, ... Thank god. I am not born at the wrong time. I can survive only 16 days in the game by far & will try to play more. Highly recommended this game. (warning, you might feel sad big time)"
76561198177608990,Recommended,282070,16814621,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,sethrobertbayless,"Absolutely amazing.Really makes you think about how far you are willing to go to survive. I tried the nice way, taking only what nobody else claimed, that didnt work for long. Constant bandit attacks left my people despressed, wounded, and without food. On day 15 it all fell apart: No food to cook and no supplies to make weapons or tools, everybody is broken or depressed. That night I can only keep my people inside. We are attacked once more, Boris dies of his wounds, Pavle starves to death, and Bruno leaves never to return. Katia is the only one left. On day 16 I am able to trade for some bandages and a little food, just enough to make it to that night. That night is my last chance to survive, I need food. I go to the home of a couple unwilling to trade, my only option is to steal. I make it halfway through the house when I see the wife run upstairs to get her husband saying that there is an intruder, 15 seconds later he comes running and immediately attacks me. I am able to defend myself until he surrenders, he's just barely alive, I stab him one more time to finish it. There can be no failure on my part tonight. The wife rushes towards me, I'm thinking she is going to attack me for killing her husband. She collapses at my feet over his dead body and begins sobbing, I finish my looting listening to her cry. I return the next morning to find that I have been robbed again, this time they took everything, that coupled with the events of taking my first life leave Katia broken and unable to continue. That night she kills herself. She had survived 17 days."
76561198007927189,Recommended,282070,16817552,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,LordNoobiusMaximus,Edited:Turns out the performance problems I was having were my own.The game is brilliant. Highly recommended. One of the most original games I've played in a very long while. Educational in some way as well.
76561198170378341,Recommended,282070,16820857,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,TheLegend27,"day 4: some people were buaried alive in a shelled store, pavle helped them out.day 5: an old man named antone came to us seeking shelter, he prommisied to pull his own weight.day 9: marko killed his first man with a shovel and took his gun.day 10: marko went to the church and avenged the death of priest olek wasit? i cant remembe.day 12: bruno was getting depressed at the lack of cigerettes. marko went scavenging, he saw a lone bandit with his back turned and went in for the shovel kill, but another bandit walkied through the door and shot him. marko was killed.day 14: antonne stole our supplies in the night nd left.day 16: palvo was broken and bruno was depressed.day 17: plavo left us. he didnt take anything like antonne did, he just left. he was later shot in the back trying to escape a bandit.day 18: brunno tied a noose around his neck, and killed himselfe.i cried the whole time. if marko hadnt died we might have made. but he did die, and we didnt.this game, it gets you man, th feels bro. this isnt just a ""press f 2 feel"" game.if your looking for an emotional experiance, buy it. buy this game now. also buy the dlc because all the profits from that go to charity."
,Not Recommended,282070,16822061,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,PizzaSHARK!,"Unimpressed.  Pretty lackluster gameplay tied together with an overwrought theme and visuals.  Aesthetic quality is pretty high, but that's the only thing recommending this game.  No borderless windowed mode despite being a modern game released for PC.Feels like the game is supposed to thrive solely on its value as ""art"", which makes this a waste of time, in my opinion.  Got on sale, but still feel like I got ripped off.  Probably worth getting if it dips to $5 or below, but above that... no way, get something else."
,Recommended,282070,16822158,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,koalite,"Panic-shot an unarmed civilian running from the military.Heard by soldiers, get shot and killed.10/10 would karma again."
76561198124994698,Recommended,282070,16823376,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Brain,"You start the game in a country torn apart by war. The people are suffering, scavenging for food and supplies to stay alive in such a hostile environment. You start with only a few survivors. You need to find food to live. You send one of your men out at night while the others stay behind to guard or sleep in the small, torn apart building that you have now called ""home."" As your survivor is out scavenging, you comes across a little house that looks as though there could be some good supplies stored within. You investigate the area outside, keeping quiet in case there is a hostile nearby. You open the front door of the house only to find an elderly couple inside. ""Can I help you?"" Asks the old man. You dont not reply. Instead, you look through his stuff to see if he has medicine or food for your people. You find some food but he is not willing to let you have it. You smash his head in with a crowbar. Wh-what... what have you just done? He was an innocent old man. You feel your body fill up with guilt. The old woman, his wife, rushes over to his body, sobbing. ""Peterrrr! You killed my Peter! Please come back Peter, please."" She cries. You continue searching the house for more supplies, tears coming to your eyes. You walk upstairs to see if there is anything worth taking. Only a few books and some cigarette paper. You walk back downstairs to find the old woman still crying. You can see her like this. She will die if I leave her by herself. You draw your gun and point it at her. ""I'm sorry."" You whisper to your computer monitor. You fire a round into her head and loot her and her husbands body. You run back to your safe house and your survivor now has serious depression while your other survivors are starving. You restart the game and try again.10/10 Would restart again"
,Recommended,282070,16827143,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,bukbiragen,"Emotionally draining for me. Great gameplay though. Feels very tough for someone impatient like I am... but if reality is your thing in gaming, find out how you'll die in real life war :/"
,Recommended,282070,16827999,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Oliver 'Ava' Meyer,"Rather unforgiving. I like that.With that said, I find it hilarious that between my police officer, war correspondent, and psychologist,it's the insurance agent that's mentally all right with killing and stealing.Then again, he IS an insurance agent..."
76561198004352626,Recommended,282070,16821158,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,FredDurst,"I quit after 3 hours. Not because the game isn't great, but because I was too depressed to play it anymore. Take that for what you will."
76561198048931910,Recommended,282070,16834674,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Kerry Craig,"This game has the uncanny ability to make you feel like crap no matter how good you are at playing it and managing stockpiles and characters. I think that was the point, though. Definitely shows a different side to war that you rarely get in games. Sneaking around was pretty fun, and I enjoyed finding and crafting ALL THE THINGS."
,Recommended,282070,16835243,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Lion,"The game play is very simple once you learn the hang of it. What is not so simple are the choices you must have to make. Survival is must and sometimes that includes stealing from a Hospital/Church or killing your neighbor. Just don't screw over anyone you don't think you should, unless its the military, F*CK those guys."
,Recommended,282070,13093589,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,kinoida.lj,"The esthetics of the game is so amazing that even if the gameplay itself happened to be dull I would recommend giving it a try. But it's not. The authors of the game managed to create something completely different. A game where you'll be bothered not with quests, scores or goals, but with the survival and morality of your actions. It has less action than I've expected and more strategy. Add beautiful matching music - and you'll get close to the whole picture.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,282070,13094161,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gorion,Great game. 9 / 10
76561197992782062,Recommended,282070,13271446,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ill-Omen,The game can be beaten in probably 10 hours. I have already put close to 50 hours in and I can't stop wanting to play. Speaks for itself.10/10Blown Away.Never been so amazed.
76561197991266291,Recommended,282070,13271617,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SUCKAMANUTS,Worth it! I couldnt stop playing it!
,Recommended,282070,13272022,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,KORCJ,"this game show me ""This war may be of you."""
76561198065701117,Recommended,282070,13272926,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,REVelation+,"My first night of the game, and one of my members is dead already 100000/10~IGN"
,Recommended,282070,13273163,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Nickel_Plated,This game is so great! I haven't felt this invested in a game in a long time. I'm a really big fan of resource managment in survival games and it is the primary mechanic in this game. Buy this game now!
,Recommended,282070,13275120,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,JCole is Trash,"One of the most memorable games in my library. It combines the addicting feel of a management, the heart pounding feel of night time scavenging, the undying pressure of permadeath, and the sadness of tragedy all reminding you how far you will go to survive in this unforgiving world. Just be aware that there is no tutorial and you may have to experiment to survive."
76561198098049662,Recommended,282070,13275424,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,frostwing,"Spending a few hours in game made it clear why critics love it. This is outstanding peace of art and a perfectionist hell (at least I felt disturbing unable to make it to safe point). This game will provide a few exciting moments and impression before you’ll start thinking that game developers nowadays give too much credit to “indie” stuff and are more focused on critics’ attraction to the game than gamers themselves.The moment you stop picturing yourself a casual “hipsta” gamer and focus on win, it will become very boring and not worth your attention, nevertheless if you are a survival game lover then I would definitely recommend it to you."
76561198065113852,Recommended,282070,13275502,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,No game has made me feel like a prick more than this one.
76561198066695747,Recommended,282070,13275570,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Cracker Jack,"Good game, simple but fun. I didn't mind taking peoples stuff, is there a better ending if you play super good? I don't know. Maybe worth playing through again."
76561198096631377,Recommended,282070,13275616,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Morigar,Fantastic game
76561198033497889,Recommended,282070,13275863,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,sxeros,"Simplistic, touching, and all around beautiful survival game, which takes rather unusual (and long waited) point of view about war, and shows it through the eyes of civilians.So long I have played this game for ten hours, and I have yet to unravel even tiny tenth of percentage of what it has to offer, or so do I feel. Moral choices, decisions to make, and just overwhelmingly lot to do in such a simple setup.Well recommended, and many wishes of good fortune for the creators of this masterpiece."
,Recommended,282070,13275940,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Zodiacal,"Art and Gaming (Are you not sure if you should buy it?)First Steam review, made for a reason.When I saw the first trailer I was pretty much sold instantly. The graphics looked cool. Has a nice different still. Good cinematic feel for the gameplay. Well picked music and sound side.Before I bought the game I watched a little of the game play, just to see the mechanics. In the end i bought it while it was on sale.This game is amazing. There is nothing more to it. There are tons of reviews here that will talk about all the reasons to buy the game. I would recommend this game to anyone. Best game you have played in 2014?This War of Mine, hands down.The game made me sad. Made me almost cry at times. Talk to my friends about these fictive decisions i had made that would haunt me for days. I started the game over and over and over after only playing the first 12 days because the decisions I had to take made me feel so bad that I couldn't keep playing on that same save. I even stopped for more than a week because of the impact the game had on me.Just finished my first full play of the game after 18 hours of playtime.If you haven't bought it yet then do yourself the favor. You will know what people mean afterwards! I hope this will make someone take the choice and try it.Pros:This game is very refreshing.It is different.I show the other side of BF4, CoD, Counter-Strike so on.It is political.The art still is very nice.lots of replay valuegoes straight in the feels with every move you makeit is actually really difficult.Cons:More characters would be nice.More shelter building.being able to hold many people in the shelter would be cool maybe even  people that are not playable.more locations, may be different cities or different wars.Emilia joined the long list of casualties of the destructive conflict. The fact that she was young and well-off didn't matter. War makes everyone equal…..#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorEmotional, Exciting, Realistic, Horrific. 10/10"
76561197977455006,Recommended,282070,13276363,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,jimmy19900629,"this game is so much fun, and could be play in so many wayto whoever is thinking about buying this game is definitely worth iteven though the graphic isnt as good as many high end games this day the game play was amazingthe struggles among different peoplethe allocation of limited resourcesthis game is amazing and i am still playing it after finished the first around"
76561198115597103,Recommended,282070,13276773,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,sparkyht55,"Very fun game that has a different spin on ""war games"".   Simple, but events make you want to keep playing more and more."
76561198047929085,Recommended,282070,13277280,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,delarond,"First off, i'm not a gamer. Secondly, I don't spend nearly enough time on games (if I play) that I could justify spending money for a gaming machine. However, forget the first thing - TWoM has gotten my attention since the beginning when I saw a trailer on youtube.One of the awesome things is that it runs on mac - so I could play it. While I've played through it at least three times already, there's a ton of replay value - and without spoiling the fun (or IS it fun if you end up having to steal from an elderly couple or murder their son who's protecting them)? While you may be okay with it - your characters won't -- and getting back from beyond the point of no return is a tough deal -- and not everyone will make it and even if, you'll never be the same... If you're lucky, you can get your hands on firearms early on - that makes things easier --- but only IF you are willing to pull the trigger. Are you?Having played the game, I *really* hope never to have to experience anything even remotely similar to the premises in TWoM. Kudos to the developers as the game provides a new spin to survival games and not only makes you live with the consequences of your actions but also gives you barely enough room to breath (or food to fill your empty stomach)."
,Recommended,282070,13277336,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Karteezy,"Great game! Overall gameplay was about 10 hours or so for me, but i feel like I didnt spent too much time making decisions so this will be longer for some. The fighting mechanics, i really liked because they are... Let me put it this way, your character could die at any moment if you are not carefull because you have no real advanatage while fighting. A good start is key in the game but I plan on playing again in hopes I dont get so lucky. No WASD keys kinda sucks for moving the camera around, its click and drag or moving the mouse to the edge."
76561198059919166,Recommended,282070,13256194,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,เด่นดี,"Dead Simulator , Sim Edition"
76561198120977886,Recommended,282070,13256421,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fogarz | Gypsy Lane,Really good
76561198005384824,Recommended,282070,14531990,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,RacingApe,"Surprisingly addictive, has a bit of the ""just one more turn"" flair only in ""just one more day and then I'll go to bed"".It seems simple to play and the interface is just so. However once you start planning your strategy, there's plenty of options to mix it up.So far I've only found one ""bug"", which was slightly annoying and cost me a character, at times the dialog/event does not trigger and yet your character is unable to move before it does. The opposing entity just ends up bypassing their part of the event and kills you.Despite this little thing, I've a lot of fun playing this game."
76561198015043038,Recommended,282070,14642137,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Loodwig X,"It plays like something between ""The Sims"" and ""Papers Please.""  I can't say it is as good as the latter, but this is a fun game that can really grip you if you let it.  It's difficult, kind of glitchy, and very unforgiving.  I suppose that's what they're going for, but it's really annoying to lose a game hours into it because you got confused on the interface one time, or because of a game bug.  I still highly recommend it for the atmosphere alone, and because we need something to wash out the barnacles and polyps that are every other zombie survival or call of duty / metal of honor / modern warfare shooter."
76561198119296835,Recommended,282070,14643184,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Firethenuke,freaking pavle9/10 would get scrape again
,Recommended,282070,14646094,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MalteseSparrow,I really enjoyed having a survival game without zombies and in a realistic scenario! Having a game in the view of characters who are third party to conflict is really interesting
,Recommended,282070,14647373,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RAMChYLD,"My big beef is that the game doesn't allow you to recover if you screw up. I just lost Marko, and now I have to start over. Fights are unfair, when I tried to fight off an assilant he had immunity even though I struck first.It's a good game, but it's frustrating when things like this happens."
76561198044055315,Recommended,282070,14648485,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Freudian Slipper,"5th day in, caught wind on the radio of the threat of looters in the area. As a result, I denied entry to a man who looked shady at the front door. Night came, and whilst out scavenging, came back in the morning to a shelter been attacked.I thought to myself ""Man! I dodged a bullet!"" thinking that it would have been a lot worse if I had let the man in the previous day. Unfortunately, I'd later discovered, that the raid would've happened regardless and the shady man at the front door was actually just looking for help for himself and his baby.I now have this pain in my gut I cannot shake and feel extremly guity, thinking to myself ""That poor man, and his baby! What on earth did I do?"". This game is emotional, intense and surprisingly deep. I love it."
76561198126812766,Recommended,282070,14641987,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,AgStah,"This game is almost perfect for me. The controls are easy and intuitive, especially if you prefer using a mouse instead of keyboard like I do (my laptop keyboard sucks).  It has seemingly simple graphics, but they are also really beautiful and do such a good job of immersing you in the dark despair of trying to survive a war.And the feels... oh, the FEELS! This game will wrench your gut. A lot of times you have to weigh survival versus basic human decency. And you CARE about the characters you're given to play, so you want them to survive... but at what cost?  I've played over 40 hours of this game so far after owning it for about a month- 4 different games (I managed to survive them all, somehow!) and I still get teary-eyed when I read their stories and how they fared after the war is over.If you're a fan of realistic, gritty survial (no zombies or werewolves here!!) and you want a game that makes you think and feel, I truly recommend you give this one a try. I even paid full price for this and I almost always wait for a game to be on sale. I do not regret my full price purchase at all."
,Recommended,282070,14666635,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Corerue,"Enjoying the multiple play throughs, have yet to make it to the end of the war and have killed my survivors three times now. :(However. 11/10 Look forward to whatever comes next and the eventual DLC: This Zombie Apocolypse of Mine. ;) *A man can dream!)Very awesome concept, hope to see more characters or maybe a different play path (Play as Militia, Play as Soldiers, Children etc. Awesome game!"
,Recommended,282070,14667004,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,dyabel,Atmospheric and relevant take on the survival game. Very playable and now after few months almost without any bugs. And briliant music from band called Cool Kids of Death. Recommended!
76561198155848918,Recommended,282070,14669177,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DeadDarkAngel,"I both love and hate this game simultaneously. Simple game mecahnics, easy concept, beautiful design... This game is elegant. The reason I hate this game? Call me a softy but I've become attatched to my characters. So much so that when one dies I just start a new game. After spending several hours nurturing for your character, trying to build them a comfortable home in a horrible war torn land, one simple mistake and poof... They aren't there anymore. And these just aren't characters to you. Each has a story they tell you. You feel for them hoping that your decision to help those kids save their mom by giving them your last bandage won't turn around and bite you. Even though the characters are happy with what they've done, what cost will it come to them later? That single act of kindness could get you all killed... But are you going to be a horrible monster and let the children die? This game is truly heart wrenching and I love playing it... even though I normally end up extremely sad afterwards."
76561198145239055,Recommended,282070,14672320,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,soroush,"It's a good game, but everytime I play it I get depressed...It does have limited human interaction options: one time I went to this house, a young girl and older man (presumably her father) were living there. I didn't steal anything, the girl sees me and starts screaming... I just wanted to chat, but then the dad pulls a knife on me and I had to kill him... then when I get back home all my people are depressed because 'Marcus' killed someone :(I mean if the game had the option to talk the whole situation would have been avoided."
76561197972659113,Recommended,282070,14457759,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,awlanger,"A dark but blessed game.Cudos to the developers, you created a wonderful thing."
76561198095990579,Recommended,282070,14463862,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,bizarrewill,Hi i would like to ask the old people to come to my place not rob them? some updates would be nice.more places to vistit more things to do and how abouth a gaurd dog in the house?
76561198174255915,Recommended,282070,14339175,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,dwilder56,"I rate this game between 8.0 and 8.5/10 because the difficulty is, in part, fabricated by unbalancing the characters' emotions.  If civilians really reacted this way in a siege (i.e. degenerating from sad to depressed to broken so easily), they'd die by the millions weekly rather than pulling through, even after many months, as they so often bravely do.It's difficult to suspend disbelief this far because real conditions in war zones are so gravely distressing; e.g. having game characters deteriorate for lack of cigarettes was contrived to create more tasks, but it doesn't say much for humanity's priorities in a crisis.So, even though This War of Mine is an intensely stirring social commentary on the horrors of war, and well worth buying if you enjoy survival games, there's room for improvement should the developers decide to upgrade it."
76561198009007186,Recommended,282070,14495067,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,romancandle08,"This game is great!  I have never been a fan of 2d games and always avoided them, however this one is superb and well worth the $20.00  I love survival games so I thought i would give this a try, boy am I satisfied!   For a 2d games the graphics are superb and it flows well.  In this game you can craft weapons and kill people when you scavege, however your character will get depressed and eventual become broken if you kill alot of people in short time.  When this happens, you will just sit there crying an eventual starve to death even though you may have a lot of food.  Your character will not move.  Trust me, this game has it all and I highly recommend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,282070,14498163,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,CossacK_Д,"Well if it wasn't for my nature to read more about the game then play it :) I would had different opinion of this game.But knowing when the game saves, I can have perfect night scavange runs, so i dont get the whole ""awful experience"" of the servival game! But I just want then to servive!Excellent audio atmosphere, game play is a little bit glitchy and fighting is unpredictable (but then again, you are not a soldier) ... I'm very impressed.Very simple design, simple graphics ... but the experience is amazing ! Thank you Dev Team !xxx"
,Recommended,282070,14582708,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,morgandaly,"I know that the characters - my characters - in this game are made up. I know that their potraits are the developers, or pictures of their friends. I know that 'death' is meaningless in this context.And yet on the night I got in after a few drinks, tried to storm the brothel, and Roman got shot down like a dog... I genuinely hated myself for being so careless and was really upset.This game isn't about winning or losing. It's about getting so involved that you keep thinking about it even when you're not playing it.It's also the best game I've played for 10 years. You should buy it."
76561197999823984,Recommended,282070,14586057,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,articulategrunt,"I'll be honest, it did not take me long to figure this game out and grind my way through, I'm good at survival games and good and surviving in general.  My father was special forces, my brother a marine corps. sniper, I led and commanded combat missions and special mission/operations teams through 16 years, 5 of them spent on deployments and assignments in hell holes all over the world.  This game gets you in the guts though.  These survivors are not soldiers, they are not raised or trained for this.  Shoot, one is a fat professional chef and their emotions, their point of view is just something I never had to understand.  I feel worse having to shoot a stray dog than a human who made a choice to be a problem.  The dog does not know better.Here though, what seems a simple choice, for someone with no skills and no weapon to hide rather than try to save someone from 2 assault rifle carrying soldiers, has devastating results.  Marko my chief scavenger would have died, no doubt, end of issue but for them, for these civilian survivors doing what they must someone died just feet away while he did nothing and most of the group gets depressed, gets saddened, for days.  That is just one little incident, one tiny choice and its results in a massive string of just having to survive while balancing good, bad and the shades of grey that lay between them.  Seriously makes me think back, so many people I've seen in so many hell holes around the world in many cases begging for anything, anything at all we could spare.  How little of their back stories, of their struggles I know.  Honestly, not sure I would want to.  Making me consider all that, to be able to pull those thoughts forth, that really makes this a good game."
,Recommended,282070,14594698,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Corvunus,"One day, i start in the shelter with the people i choose. Then i start digging for resource and hopefully getting some lockpicks, primarily food and water. i scavange to a harmless place so that i don't have to confront with those thugs. The Dawn has come ,i went home and my character tell others how proud he/she looting from the place he/she has visited and i start planning to survive the war. Then the Winter came and i have to find loads of fuel for 2 heater. i turned on the radio and i start to hear that the war will end in 5 days. i 'm quiet happy about it but my resource is scarce and the fuel gone so low that i start to think for something else. Tomorrow is the day and everyone's already starving to death, one by one starts to fall to their death, desperate. 2 hours left but i couldn't make it.This game makes you rethink your decision. Bad Start's not always the bad choice but selfish and greedy can make your group swallow the poison, you just have to know whether you should or you shouldn't, take it and move on"
76561198023326445,Recommended,282070,15835394,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MadokPryde,"so addictivejust trying to do 1 more day, because i have work in 7 hours....but i need to finish my peoples defence before we get robbed again."
76561198212995911,Recommended,282070,23881137,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vash,"Emotionally invested. Helped a neighbor get some supplies from a supply drop, he gives me a cut and I never think of it again, little more than 10 days laters and I hear a knock on the door, I am as excited as christmas. I was needing new supplies, or a new character to join me. No, troops.Someone has stolen supplies from a supply drop, can you turn them in? if you do we will give you 20 cigars, 5 coffee, and 3 cans of tuna...No, I can't, I think to my self, he is my neighbor... But, we are on the edge of starving... What is the correct choice? I don't know anymore, I thought I did, but not anymore.10/10 No longer wanting a Revolution in the USA."
76561197968909911,Recommended,282070,23880691,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ich .M.,"Wonderful game.  Good design in all fields; overall concept, visual, sound, gameplay, etc.  Great soundtrack and solid controls.  It's all survival/crafting gameplay with a dash of sims character responsibility.  I'd highly reccommend this game."
76561198259854825,Recommended,282070,23879955,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cheddar,"Great and different approach at the survival genre.It is dark, challenging and immersive. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,23878741,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gold,"When I saw the Overwhelming Positive reviews, I knew I had to try the game. I wasn't sure of the sort of 2D gameplay, but I instantly fell in love with it once I first played.Ever since I got this game, I have been playing TONS of it. I love the style and the way you have to form strategies to survive with the most people possible, but not only that, but the fact characters can get broken. Although it got me angry at the characters and causing me to say ""NO, YOU'RE ALL GONNA DIE IF YOU JUST SIT THERE, WHY"", it gives a bit of that reality feel to it, adds a more challenging aspect to it and pushes you to make sure everyone is okay."
76561198278900978,Recommended,282070,23874501,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,titan3171,This is a great game if you are in to click based games. With deep stories about each character you have to read thier backround story though because there is no talking in this game.
76561198109628421,Recommended,282070,23876564,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sbane,"I wanted to make a joke as a review for the game, but after seeing all my people die of deppresion, I couldn't do it.This War of Mine is no doubt the best purchase I made on Steam, and in my mind, should be greatly played throughout Generations.  If I could only recommend one game on Steam, it'd be this, and nothing else."
,Recommended,282070,23630370,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Matt 马休,"This War of Mine brings a new concept to gaming. A strong Eastern-European theme is embedded into a dark and desperate city under siege. Set in modern times, you control a group of civilians whose goal is to survive in a harsh urban environment.Your group is primarily confined to your house, in which you can build amenities, produce food, tools and weapons and strengthen your defenses. Each character is unique, possessing certain skills and traits, not all positive. During the day you build your base and take care of your characters needs. Sometimes people drop by, such as traders, people in need of help and characters wishing to join you.  At night you defend against attacks, and/or venture out into the city to scavenge.Some locations have other humans there, such as soldiers or an elderly couple. Killing and stealing can negatively impact the mental state of your characters, depending on how moral they are and who you kill. They are also a choice - the game will never force you do commit crimes. Many locations also have locked doors or other barriers, requiring tools that you can produce at base. Sometimes there is more than one way to access a room.Overall, this game is fantastic. Each character feels unique and fun to use. There is a great variety of things to build, items to craft and weapons to use. The game offers 21 unique locations to explore, some that can be inhabited by different groups on different playthroughs. The music adds to the desperately bleak environment, which just oozes Eastern European themes. I highly recommend this game."
76561197997342492,Recommended,282070,23645979,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,chiken,Really likin this game! It offers u realistic view at the horrors of war. What it does to civilians mentally.
76561198262801153,Recommended,282070,23642976,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rectorforthegood,"This is probably the most frustrating game I’ve ever played but it’s brilliant, challenging and always has you at the edge of your seat when you’re outside the safety of your shelter. I’m thinking of downloading the expansion as soon as I'm well versed enough with the original version"
76561198178004221,Recommended,282070,23660281,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Naul,Loved it!
,Recommended,282070,23636892,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,clementspinner,Decided to see how long the survivors can survive without food...all straved to death in a weekDecided to see the sick can be cure by sleeping...found dead and everyone have depression10/10
,Recommended,282070,23661131,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,It's all about the noob,Love it so far
76561198121667028,Recommended,282070,23698014,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Pickle Pete,Has a very ♥♥♥♥ed up ending.
76561198152899898,Recommended,282070,23698042,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sayuri,"This game is amazing!A little bit depressing, but when you know how to play it's quite easy.This is a must to play it."
76561198298172516,Recommended,282070,23712880,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,gardnerbriana2,i love this game its real on many levels and you become each character as this goes on
76561198122928873,Recommended,282070,23679009,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,D1982,"This War of Mine is a merciless depiction of war pushing you through a seemingly realistic depiction of what a modern combat would mean to civilians in all it's horror.The photojournalistic visuals and overall gameplay visuals with it's filters had me convinced at the very beginning – making an unjust death of a game character something you just didn't want to happen. The visual storytelling emphasises perfectly gravity of the situation you're faced as you navigate your group (or at least part of it) through the conflict.Overall this game is a great example of how a game can make you think more empathically via storyline and character interaction mechanics. This combined with scavenging, bartering, fortifying and also combat makes this game an absolute hit for me.Most likely, I'll pick it up again to play the rest of the scenarios and check out the story building -mode."
,Recommended,282070,23685460,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,HandsomeLost,"This game makes me emotional and keep questioning myself about every single action I took was right or wrong, however it is all about to STAY ALIVE.The game is hard at the begining, I need to take good care of my people and use resources carefully since there are tons of deadly random accidents, I've been robbed for thousands times and nobody gives a damn, which is the best part of this game.Yeah..I mean, It is a war, people are all vulnerable after all. so it is not just a game, It is all about experence the war with realistic perspective. Seriously, we all should be grateful for our life."
76561198254818989,Recommended,282070,23654745,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Z0MB13,"Just love EVERYTHING about this game. The realism, the emotions! With DLC and Workshop support, (and in-game customizablilty (probably not a word) ) This game is extemely replayable. I've played over 5 different scenarios, including ones i have custom made. I love the atmosphere that it creates, so much dark, but even the little victories feel amazing!I should have bought this game months before when it first came out. It is truly worth the money!"
76561198129479467,Recommended,282070,23644542,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ralphgmr,"Amazing game. Very well designed, nice graphics and fun to play. I couldn't stop playing it."
,Recommended,282070,23602392,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,codysamurai,"I'll be perfectly honest, at first I hated this game. It wasn't very clear until my second playthrough (the first ended in utter defeat). This game is very unique, thoughtful, and challenging. Highly recommend."
76561197972354260,Recommended,282070,13901491,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Fumbles,"Anyone with young kids will know finding time for yourself is difficult. So I stayed up late most nights and managed to rack up 26hrs in less than two weeks.  Some painful early morning starts over xmas but oh so worth it!Managed to survive the war on my 2nd attempt but my main character Marko died 2 days before the war ended! I was absolutely gutted. He spent 45 days doing all the scavenging to keep my group alive and he gets gunned down by a thug running a brothel.. I actually shouted at my screen is disbelief. You do get attached to the characters you come across and that's a rare experience in gaming these days.Different characters have different skillsets such as cooking, handyman, scavenger, combat trained etc so your strategy has to change accordingly in order to survive.Buy it!"
76561198018358023,Recommended,282070,13902937,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,FireSlowly,"Great game. Presents some non-linear choises, replayable, tough survivng. Sometimes it's better to stay home. Would love to see a ""salvaging"" ability on furniture that you don't need anymore. Took me about 5 tries to make it to the end. Day 10 to day 30 are definately the toughest ones. If you make it to 30 with some decent setup and some food, you probably will make it. Make sure to board up the house before day 10.Expecting their next game to be as good as this one, or better."
76561198122646646,Recommended,282070,13881403,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ursulahx,"(tl;dr - this is an excellent game, highly challenging, with strong atmosphere and a real sense of how difficult it is for ordinary people to survive in a war zone)I came to This War of Mine having just finished reading a book about the Siege of Leningrad in 1941-42. It turned out to be the perfect preparation.TWOM is not like other survival games, with an emphasis on shooting your way out of trouble. In fact, it's more than possible to go for an entire game without once experiencing any kind of combat. If that makes the game sound easy or boring, think again. RIght from the outset, your small group of survivors is left to fend for themselves, using any means of staying alive - scrabbling through piles of debris for scraps of food, wood, material, mechanical parts, anything to make their lives in their half-bombed shelter bearable.During the day it's too dangerous to leave their shelter, so the survivors spend their time building makeshift workshops, eating barely-edible meals made up of dead rats and scavenged vegetables, melting snow to make fresh water, and playing the guitar to relieve the gloom. Occasionally someone comes to the door to offer help, or to barter goods, or to present a risky opportunity with high reward if it comes off.During the night, one survivor in the group must go on a mission to find supplies. This could mean raiding an abandoned supermarket, ransacking a shelled building with dead bodies still inside, or sneaking through a hotel filled with dangerous, armed gangsters. There's only a limited amount of time, and a limited amount of stuff the survivor can carry - so it comes down to hard choices. Take this extra piece of food, because everyone in the group is hungry? Or sacrifice it in order to take these mechanical parts which will enable the group to build a water filter?The game never quite gives you enough, so the resources are always stretched, and these hard choices have to be made every day. You find yourself willing a trader to come to the door so that you can barter your precious medical supplies (which you might need one day) just for an extra piece of food. And, of course, as soon as you've done that, one of your group falls ill... The game further complicates things by triggering random raids on your shelter, so that even when you think you're safe the little you have can be taken away from you. You can literally be left without food, and with half your group injured, in a single night.It's details like these (and the fact that the game gives you no instructions whatsoever) that have led some people to complain that the game is too difficult; and the Steam forums are abuzz with people requesting the developers add in extra options and amendments to make life easier. But, in fact, once you've grasped the basics and played through a few times, a clear path to victory does emerge (although it'll be different each time). The game can almost be too easy for a seasoned player - but the challenge has been increased in the latest version, as you get to try your luck with different groups of survivors, each more helpless and limited than the previous set.Aside from gameplay, the game is beautifully rendered in cross-section pseudo-3D graphics, with monochrome shading and a highly plausible design. You really do feel like you're in the middle of war-torn Sarajevo (the game is set in the fictional East European city of Pogoren, but the allusions to the war in Bosnia are obvious). The atmosphere throughout is gloomy, thoughtful and just the right side of depressing. You really do become attached to your little band of survivors, each with his or her own skills and drawbacks. To complete the picture, each survivor has a backstory which is revealed gradually thoughout the game, giving them a rounded personality and making the player identify more strongly with each of them.The emphasis in the game is on realism (which is why it's hard - surviving in a war zone is no picnic, after all). Where realism is sacrificed, it enhances the gameplay, putting limits on the player which would make the game too easy if they weren't there.TWOM isn't (usually) a heart-thumping, high-octane, shoot-em-up wartime action game; there's no shortage of them around. What it is is something rather more thought-provoking. When you take away the guns and give them all to your opponents, what do you have left? How do the little people, the non-combatants, the citizens with no access to food, warmth or weapons, survive in a situation like this? You'll lose your first few games, most likely - all your survivors dead, your heart broken. But play on, because when you finally get your people through to the end of the war, all the emotion you invested in them will be repaid.Thoroughly recommended."
76561198050102597,Recommended,282070,13882859,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sertun,"A great survival game, somewhat resembling Rebuild2 by its narrative style and general apocalyptic feeling. Unlike Rebuild, in TWoM you know every member of the team by their looks and personality which greatly adds to the mood.Gameplay-wise it reminds me Don't Starve as it is a mix of resource hunting and contraption building phases divided by sunsets and sunrises."
76561197962974948,Recommended,282070,13884228,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,crowbarm81,It's like Don't Starve meets the Sims. Great survival sim!!
76561198031060024,Not Recommended,282070,13884995,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Distracted Distraction,"I get what this game is trying to do. It has a message and it gets it across well. It would just be nice if it would do that without making me want to punch it in the face. I would have recomended the game when I first played it, but with the recent changes...No.First of all, I don't get the almost total change from a start with random people to a system where you pick one person and hope the set-up doesn't screw you over. Take Roman's set-up for example. I restarted this 20 times and each time I wound up with him and Katja just before winter, with one of them wounded. In this game, that's a death sentence. Not to mention that I got raided every single day and at one point they made of with EVERYTHING but my basic materials. Putting Katja on guard duty did ♥♥♥♥ all, besides making her recovery take even longer.Ironically, by taking away the randomness of which people you wound up with, they took out the only good part of the randomness that plagues this game.  Sure, there are constants in what you find where and after a few times you know what you should and should not bring to certain places and that is a good feature. Of course after a few runs you're probably also a bit less interest in the suffering of those around you and much more willing to stab them to death for bangages. The raids, however, are pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Apparently there is a small army just waiting outside your house, because they came every night and made off with loads of crap wether there were people guarding it or not. Boarding your house manages to reduce that from daily...to about every other day or so.By all means, keep the raids. They add a moment of tension when you return from a scavenging trip and it's a good way to teach players that their plans won't always work out. Just.....Dial down the frequency...A lot. And for god's sake, return at least a bit of the randomness in how you start off. The only thing that this new system has taught me is that Roman's path is basically not worth it right now."
76561198024903250,Recommended,282070,13885126,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Truck,After just shy of an hour of gameplay i can say that this game is one of the most amazing games i have played. The depth of the story and the feelings that the characters achieve is truly amazing. The idea of a survival game after a war is also astounding... I think this game is worth every penny!
,Recommended,282070,13885166,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,P.Gunna,"Can't believe this point and click game has me so enthralled. 2nd time I played it I got home from work at 7pm, played through til 4:30am. That's over 9 hours straight.It's deep man. Nuff said."
,Recommended,282070,13887442,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ElPwno,"This war of mine is one of the best survival games I have played. It take s place during a military siege and your decissions will not be taken lightly throught this game. As you stick with your band of survivors, and must fend for yourselves, you will face the threats of the outside world, including weather, snipers, depression, lack of food and even other survivors. Many moral choices will be presented throught the game, as it delves into the horrors of war, and no matter the choices you make and wether you survive or not, this game certainly will never give you the feeling you won."
,Recommended,282070,13545325,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Yukimoda,"I'm completely blown away by this game. Never before have I had a game where the sound of someone knocking on the door, and it being someone other than the roaming trader, make me feel nervous and a bit afraid. Because This War of Mine relies on an auto-save feature, rather than implementing even a single manual save slot, you constantly question/worry if the action you're about to take is one that could cost you a member of your group. Additionally, because everyone, except for two survivors, have an inventory space of twelve spaces or less, you really have to weigh the importance of getting extra food against crafting material needed to create weapons or better secure your base. Conversely, never has a game made me feel as satisfied as I do when I see my group of survivors actually thriving rather than  barely hanging on moment to moment."
76561197961892769,Recommended,282070,13547060,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bang2Death,"Ahh this game, dark, sad, addictive and yet infuriatingly uncooperative. Like real life, free loading flat mates, pulls on the strings to let someone die so they stop consuming resources, yet they are friends with someone else who is valuable and doing so would make them so sad, in a situation they are barly coping as it is.Combat is slow, yet hectic and should be avoided if possible. Wounds are not something people get over quickly and can start a domino effect of sickness and poor health resulting in little to no return on savaging ops. The moral implications of beating someone to death or shooting them has an impact on the entire home.The game could be called Empathy. As the entire experience is struggling to get from one precarious disaster to the next, while managing resources, planning runs for supplies and decided ultimately who eats and who doesn’t.This game was so well done, I would give it 10 stars if I could."
76561197999865449,Recommended,282070,13459646,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BlueLiquor,"This is the best game I've experience. I beg you 11 bit studios, expand, develop and never stop updating it. I've told all my friends about it and will always support it."
,Recommended,282070,13459865,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,PainkillerCS,For those looking for minimum spec gameplayI'm currently playing on:-Dell Inspiron Laptop i3-2350 @ 2.4GHz-4GB RAM-Intel HD 3000 Integrated graphics cardThe game only has two graphics settings: HIgh & low.I prefer playing on low setting with absolute no frame drop. On high settings I can notice a small drop on FPS but it is playable. I rather play on low because the graphic difference is literally nothing.Game feedback:This game is absolutely great 9/10BUY IT!
,Recommended,282070,13460146,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,NightHawk8P,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game will hit you in the feels.  You play as a group of civilians in a war torn city.  The game isn't about being an action hero. This is about survivng as a civilian in a horrible situation.  It is worth your time.  The war genre needed to be flipped on its head, even if it is more survival-esque.  Not quite Spec Ops: The Line flipped, and I would recommend that too, but quite good.This game is worth your time."
,Recommended,282070,13462920,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MinotaurosDB,Randomized restarts help make this game replayable. I've also noticed in two play throughs that the war can last a randomized length of time as well.
76561198009131939,Recommended,282070,13463975,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Great White Ape,"Very Real, tough moral choices make this game stand out. Super fun!"
,Recommended,282070,13465264,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,spageti boy,"9.5/10, Professionally i would say this game is honestly exetremely well done besides the small bugs (no game is perfect!). This game is possibly the most HONEST tear jerking game i'v ever played, It doesn't feel forced or rushed in any way. It goes at its own pace and you learn to go with it. I had this one night where i had 2 depressed injuried members along with me and one was lethally in trouble. I was the only one capable of going out but i was injuried my self. I luckly killed two loot filled people with the lethally injuried person (before wasn't lethally in trouble) and i took their loot. I found a heavens gate through that box and it was enough to keep us safe. I returned back to the base to see that the lethally troubled man bled to death, the other left and was hinted that they might never come back. The base was looted and i was depressed.This game knows how to pack a punch like non other, its your own story and it really preforms at its finest."
76561198007756633,Recommended,282070,13466247,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Vader350z,"This game really makes one think about what it's like to be caught between the crossfire of war and surviving it.There are plenty of shooter and survivor games, but nothing comes close and with such ease as this one. By far one of the greatest games I have ever played.- 11B Iraq Veteran"
76561198034386466,Recommended,282070,13467248,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BootsyJenkins,An Amazing game.
,Recommended,282070,13360778,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,natetheartist,"Really well done.this game is really, really *really* interesting. no handholding. All systemic.You should absolutely check this out. been playing for about 6 hours and I want to keep going."
76561198093015421,Recommended,282070,16040728,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,neon-XANA,what does the new child charity DLC do gameplay wise? nothing 2/10
,Recommended,282070,15959709,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Inkelk,"After I finished this game it took long time to come out of sadness.I thought I do not have enough courage to play it again.Then I wrote my first review here.""In war, not everyone is a soldier.""This is what the game shows us thoroughly.You begin with 3 survivors in the bloody war,no zombies.First night, I came to the old couple's home.Be honest,I want to steal something.With the noise made by my survivor.The husband noticed and went down stairs. My heart was beating faster,I almost thought I will killed by this guy because I had no weapons. Fortunately , or unfortunately? The old guy didn't hurt me, just pleaded for not taking theirs foods and medicine.Days later, I went to supermarket. Through key hole, I saw a solider wanted to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a young women.This time I took my gun!I almost thought I can kill him and save the lady! But the solider locked door!!!Without a lock pick,I couldn't do anything to help the lady!Help neighbor you may come back with wound and pass away.Be outlawed up will make survivors suicide.This game touches me so deeply.I DO recommend this realistic game to you.""FXCK THE WAR!""spray printed on the wall outside your shelter and I swear the same during my playing."
76561198036429958,Recommended,282070,16042989,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Pint-Sized Slasher,"We all starved, got depressed and hung ourselves.10/10"
76561198111283035,Recommended,282070,16068181,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,DemonicGrub,"This game, is absolutely fantastic. The amount of different things you can do with your base, and the emotional investment that I'm feeling after playing this game for a while.... I would say this is the very best point and click game I have ever played. There is just so much stuff about this game that is amazing, and its all so hard to actually sum up. However after just a few short hours I am an addict. There are only a few minor problems with the game, and they really are minor. First off, there is only one save slot: I accidentally deleted my first game while playing with the modes. Second, occasionally during the day it gets boring while characters sleep or whatever. One thing I love about this game however, once you do something, its done. When you accidentally, or intentionally, start to steal something, and get caught, that area is now always going to be hostile to you. They may not kill you, but they will chase you out every time. All in all, its a fantastic game with incredible depth."
76561197998807517,Recommended,282070,16072694,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Maxcloud,"I recommend this game to those who are already on the fence about it. To be completely honest, the videos for this game don't capture the true beauty of what you're actually getting. The music alone is beautiful, the environment is so detailed and as you progress there is more to do. Also, a little bit of a warning, once you start the game it might be a little overwhelming at first but If you give it a chance you will really enjoy it."
,Recommended,282070,16051956,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Nartalja,"This game is as tough as you make it yourself. Sure you can act steel-hearted and cold and survive easily, but this makes surviving the war a hollow experience. You are just an empty shell, as depraved as the bandits you justify preying upon. After 11 succesful playtroughs I still haven't managed to play an 'ethical game'. Most heart-wrenching experience: two out of three characters ill, hospital not yet unlocked. Rob the house with the elderly of it's medicine, coming back the other day to find their corpses rotting away on the couch.Replayability is good, although after a couple of games you figure out the standard template to survive. But then again, ethics.10/10 would buy againo7"
,Recommended,282070,16076374,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TheBarracuda,"It's pretty neat, 2d platformer/survival/strategy"
76561198177288983,Recommended,282070,16080775,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Unmasked,"this game shows what happens outside of battle, which is important. most people focus on what soldiers go through, but not what normal people go through it shows what people go through every day in war"
,Recommended,282070,16081489,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,KillerCaptain87,Great game fun to loot and love the stuff that you can make!!!!!
76561198043602389,Recommended,282070,16251934,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tacticus Winter,"This War of Mine. Holy ♥♥♥♥.This is a fantastic game. But before I start nonsensically rambling on about whats good with a game, lets hit the negatives first.It's a bit repetitive-Not terribly, but when you lose you start the game over from where you started, with nothin. Just plain♥♥♥♥♥nothing. Build this, build that, go on first night, blah blah blah, you know what happens until you reach where you left off.Fixes to this: Maybe adding in multiple sectors of the city would change things up, start in different sectors, like a rural, a military controlled, the original, or in the heart of the city. Just make it different please.Combat is....weird-Combat is a little weird, maybe some user-controlled options would be better, but overall it just doesnt feel smooth.Fixes: combat skill, or shooting/brawling skills or something just to make it better instead of weapon beats weapon ect...Thats about all I can find thats bad, or isn't half-bad just needs tweaks.Now whats good?Atmosphere 9/10Gameplay 10/10Optimization 15/10Characters 8/10Building 5/10(more buildable things needed)Crafting 6/10(more craftable things needed)AI 8/10Level Designs 10/10Overall 9/10 Must have for story driven survivalists."
76561198119817464,Recommended,282070,16253105,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Beep Beep Lettuce,There Needs To Be Multiplayer On This Game Like Each Player Would Have 1 Person To Use In Game It Would Be Awesome !Also Its A Very Fun Game 9/10
76561198195795779,Recommended,282070,16253579,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,yabuddy96,i love it
,Recommended,282070,16254628,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SD|amazingdrummerboy,"This is one of the best games I've gotten to play in a long, long time. It's difficult. It's tough. But it is an absolute blast to persevere through the war.  Really recommend this game to any person who wants to feel an incredible sense of accomplishment after completing a scenario. Buy it. Support these devs."
,Recommended,282070,13418271,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ZeroMeia,"This game is hard as hell, it's brutal and unforgiving, surviving won't be easy and this game provides one of the most intense experiences i ever played in a game, the moral choices that permeates the game, would you help others at expense of yourself or your friends? Would steal from innocent people just to survive?A must have game if you enjoy survival games."
,Recommended,282070,16300732,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Wolfy,"Hello!Warning, this game will take you and beat you into the ground repeatedly. It will then proceed to pick you up, toss you about, rip you to shreds, and burn you with fire. This is a very difficult game. Nonetheless, I recommend it highly, it puts forward realistic situations and forces you to do things you otherwise wouldn’t think you would have to do. And when you think you made the right call, the game will respond realistically. Art style is great and fits really well with the mood of the game. Mechanics are great but very simply movement and combat wise. This makes the game focus more on story, plot, and characters rather than raw combat. That is perfectly ok, just don’t expect to rambo through this game shooting everybody. You will feel bad. Speaking of characters, you will have to deal with depression, hunger, stamina, etc, constantly. With a team that can get up to 5 players or more, this becomes an increasing problem.Price is great, creators could even ask for an additional 5 dollars and I still would think it would be fine.A great recommendation for players who are prepared to fight through this game. I would cautiously recommend it to more casually oriented players.~Wolfy"
,Recommended,282070,16301568,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,dylan.santos66,"This game starts the same way every time, you met your survivors, clean up your home and head out with one of them to get supplies, that's it. Then the easy places run out and your own team is suffering from Cold, sickness, Hunger and their own mental drives, going to the brink of Suicide. Can you chooses to make others suffer to save your own, can you out think the military or out gun the raider's, will you help your fellow war victims or just look out for your own. If you think your ready, get this game, It's totally worth full price and will keep you coming back for more."
76561197996521496,Recommended,282070,16341180,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,spec ¦ вlϊтz,"This game is original in all but story. Fun, difficult at times, with a strong learning curve. Its wonderfully fun an dhas lots of replay value. LOVE IT"
,Recommended,282070,16342181,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,</Ero>,one of the most important games made the last 5 yrs ! i love it ..
,Recommended,282070,16342232,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,bbrrruuuhhhhhh,"If you want to know what it feels like to be inside a war minus the probably nukes but retaining the post-apocalyptic feels, this is the game for you.The feature that I don't like is that the game saves only on the start of the day. If you ♥♥♥♥ up at any point of the day, you're gonna make yourself do everything over.Especially when the things that you're doing is routine (cook, eat, make night gatherers sleep, gather supplies in the house, go do that 10am mission if it comes up), do something wrong in the night mission, and you're gonna do all of what you did in the day.Still it is great. The motion capture is impeccable and the art style is different. Good different.8/10"
,Recommended,282070,16342253,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RaDus,"Very well made game. A few cosmetic errors, but it's forgiveable. The gameplay is intriguing and I could see myself play it for at least 10 more hours (but that is just me - I get easily bored with games). Once you figure out a strategy, the game becomes increasingly easier. This game is all about atmosphere. There is no story per se, unless you decide to make one up yourself, but it's captivating nonetheless. Survival like most other games out there, but with a psychological twist that makes it stand out. Definitely worth it."
76561198162531700,Recommended,282070,16898417,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,psingleton13,"I don't think I can say anything that hasn't been said already.As a game: entertaining, challenging, involving, emotive, full of replay-value.More than that, it's pretty poignant look at the real, human costs of war. Where many games glorify combat as either an honorable pursuit or a struggle of 'Good vs. Evil', this game shows the strife, hunger, fear, sickness, bereavement and terrible struggle for survival in a wartorn world.If you have an itchy trigger finger and a short attention span, this probably isn't the game for you.If you like strategy, narrative and sometimes vexing challenges: I urge you to try this game."
,Recommended,282070,16898625,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Deportable,Its very fun and pulls your heart strings alot but sfter a couple playthroughs its easy to lose interest in the game as a whole
76561198006799989,Recommended,282070,16898884,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,DefoneESP,"Day 1: I am stuck with a fat math teacher, and old woman and a reporter.Day 2: Math teacher eats too much, better make him go hunting for supplies.Day 3: Math teacher dead, seems knowing the pythagorean theorem isn't useful outside of math class.11/10 would skip math again."
,Recommended,282070,16898967,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Windyy,"i cry everytime..i cry everytime when i must do somethink,what i dont like to do...its really nice game with nice gameplay and with nice graphic"
76561198005487987,Recommended,282070,16902604,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Intsanius,Excellent portrait of pure sadness and despair simulating the horrors innocent people have to suffer during war. It is very sad and hurting experience. The mankind is really the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥that has ever walked the Earth... =(
76561198232426884,Recommended,282070,16903652,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Psycho Pete,"Well, through my first play through, two characters begin fighting each night and caused serious injuries to themselves. So, I broke into a old folks cottage, murdered his wife and stole supplies for the injuries and food. Then the two injuried guys got seriously depressed and wouldnt treat themselves so one by one, they died in their sleep. To make things worse, one girl I had then comitted suicide on the third night leaving my fourth guy all alone. I had only survived for 30 days so far and already my chances were horrible. I always thought that they would get killed looting, not like this.This game get very heavy, totally awesome to play and so much replay value since mutiple characters have different abilites and perks. The art style and tone is awesome, Ièm not a fan of these side scrollers but this game does it with such grace. I could play this for hours and then spend even more time after playing, regretting certain decisions like killing people to survive. Really plays with ur conscious and morals.The only bad thing is that it doesnt tell you how to play, you just jump right into it and have to figure it out as you play. Certain icons appear but you wonèt know what they do unless you click on them. That being said, I wouldnt have had the first two guys died if i knew earlier that I could have other people comfort, feed and bandage them. Totally could have saved them, oh the grief."
76561197998876017,Recommended,282070,16904638,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,GldnUnicorn,"Lots of fun, great challenge without being too punishing. Some game mechanics could be better explained such as how the heaters work."
76561198055740888,Recommended,282070,16904783,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,kisooni,"For the simple mechanics that it employs, this game sure makes an impression. It is really flat-out depressing in the best way possible. The game doesn't tell you what to do and instead throws you into its world to figure things out as you go along (similar to how it would be in real life--there's no instruction manual). I felt attached to the characters despite the lack of dialouge. I felt that the decisions where weighty and I often felt a lot of guilt for the people I wronged while playing and the people that I made do the wronging. Highly recommended--if you don't mind deeply sad and thought-provoking games."
76561198061697849,Recommended,282070,16909418,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,georgeCARLIN,very fun...
,Not Recommended,282070,16869299,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Samurai Spike,i feel that the game needs to be worked on alot more in terms of gameplay and content though it is an overall ok game to play when you are bored would play it more if it was worked on more and  better improved
,Recommended,282070,16869365,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,blizbiggy,"This game... I wasn't sure what to expect, but it is just fantastic.  The feels can get real deep with this one."
76561198041444805,Recommended,282070,16870727,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,caerus,"I can't recall when I heard about this game. But I'm glad I made the purchase. As you've no doubt read elsewhere it's a different sort of war game, meant to mimic the experience of the vast majority of people who ""experience"" war. The game play itself is straightforward and challenging. It truly is haunting. I've thought about actions I took in the game days later.The visual style and music add to the harrowing ambiance.Highly recommended.My only quip is that it would have been good to have more random locations to visit in subsequent games (e.g. 50% core locations for each playthrough and then a large # of ones that might appear and might not). But this is a minor complaint.I hope you survive."
,Recommended,282070,16874536,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,SabinLord  #OutCast,"Head around in a destroyed city,control some regular people with barely normal survival skills and count your choices,because here everything has a price."
76561198018253648,Recommended,282070,16878513,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Rip 'n' Tear,"The survival genre is sadly littered with half baked, half finished disasters and dodgy DayZ clones.  This War of Mine cuts through all of the garbage to give us a very whole and satisfying experience.   It's signature art style, simple gameplay mechanics and wide variety of survival situations will keep you coming back for more.It's Ace !"
,Recommended,282070,16880713,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Ir0nB34r,"Instantly fell in love with this simple little game. It has a power and somber atmosphere. I felt instantly connected to my little band of survivors and feel a genuine sense of worry when sending them out to scavenge or leaving the others home unguarded.I started the game with one of my guys sick. It took some time to find meds and his condition kept worsening. He is now on medication and bed rest. He appears to be making a full recovery. Hopefully he can become productive again soon. But things are getting worse. Once I have the ability to produce firearms I will be attacking one of my trading partners. It appears they have a horde of supplies, and are pretty keen on keeping them.Wish me luck.."
,Recommended,282070,17149682,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Emperor Palpameme,"This War of Mine is the sort of maudlin affair where the more cynical gamer breaks out the smallest violin possible and witters away whilst the whinging occupants of his flat complain every three seconds about hunger, exhaustion or other unfortunate events despite you feeding, clothing and taking care of them better than some of the people in Tory-run Britain today.For the record, the game won me over, by virtue of its simple characters and emotional soundtrack. Coupled with the sort of color scheme that gives Gears of War fans raging boners, the games main purpose is to lead you through the shattered lives of your survivors, with you controlling their actions a la the Sims. During the day you craft items, ranging from boarding to block up the gaping holes in your Beirut-esque apartments to saws, shotguns and vodka (the last of which is, apparently, a necessity). At night, you go ""scavenging,"" which is code for 'break into some unlucky sods house and steal all their♥♥♥♥♥♥' Now, naturally those living in said homes dont want to part with their stuff, which is where the combat comes in.The combat is both a great and a weak point; on the one hand your characters are, for the most part, average men and women, and thus have no combat training; thus, in a straight fight, they get the crap shot or stabbed or beaten out of them. That's great. However, if you're inadvertedly spotted and swarmed-which can happen sometimes in very irritating and dubious circumstances- you can get stunlocked and beaten to death with a rebels/other survivors pinkie, which is bad. Hiding from people in doorways somewhat mitigates this, but if none are around you might as well bend over and enjoy the pounding, because they go in dry.That aside, the game is fun, simple, and a good pickup. I'd say its also a touch overpriced and the constant complaining of your survivors grates the nerves after a while, but apart from that there's little to complain about. And this is coming from a Scotsman, who's entire existence revolves around complaining."
76561198078818206,Recommended,282070,30626773,Posted: 19 March,all,*****,"Games focusing on the fate of civilians in a war-torn country are certainly not everyday fare. And yet, This War of Mine, where your goal is to protect a group of fragile humans from violence, starvation and emotional trauma, manages to portray its setting through masterful interactive storytelling.The world, characters and narrative are emotionally impactful, with an unusual but fitting artistic style to match. The events of the fictional conflict are believable and memorable. Overall, the dense atmosphere is the game's strongest selling point.Of course, the game is not without its flaws. From a purely mechanical perspective, the slow-paced realtime gameplay is not very complex and becomes tedious after a few replays. This is especially the case when trying to play optimally, and after reading wikis or consuming other metagaming information. So try to resist the urge.That being said, those first few runs where you are still struggling and strongly attached to your surviors are more than worth it. A great game, and an excellent example of the breadth of experiences this medium has to offer."
,Recommended,282070,18557808,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,naynaynayna,"This game is not like any other ""yaay let's play x and fun"" games. With the current situation of the characters, my moral goes down too and I really need a mood to play this. Strange thing, these are compliments."
76561197989255290,Recommended,282070,18377148,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Klaw,"Want a emersive yet depressing roguelike that uses a historic war/siege/attempted genocide as a setting? Then look no further.It's actually an incredibly polished game with moving story / character developement which makes you question your own morals, only highly experienced players will enable the group to survive without any regrets. Can't recommend this game more."
76561198007207714,Recommended,282070,18368068,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Superlightr,Wow what a interesting and fun game.   Didnt think it would be as good as it is.  Very addictive and thought provokin.   Dave get this game.
,Recommended,282070,18378886,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,<<PHOENIX>>,This game is AWESOME. ive only just started playing and now im addicted to it like crack!
76561198049421005,Recommended,282070,18379569,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,surferboy78,This is a great game.
76561198101073107,Recommended,282070,18379957,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,thewizardmac,This war of mine is a real war and survival simulator. 9/10
,Recommended,282070,18601539,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DoxIxHAVExTo,"After your soul-crushing first run where you'll have to do some horrible stuff and where most of your charaters will have likely been killed or died from hunger, illness, bleeding out, or by their own hand, this is a fantastic survival game. Managing your resourses is a matter of life or death for your whole party and with the ability to play different scenarios -- you can even create your own story! -- you'll always be faced with a new, exciting challenge. At least once you get the hang of it and know exactly how to save your party without comprimising *all* of your morals.The only critisism I have is sort of a nitpick, really. Every day, you have a random event happen. This can be whether or not your house was raided the night before, if someone fell ill or was wounded while you were away, or if someone comes up to your door for one reason or another. Since these are all random events, which means that if you stop in the middle of your game and restart it, you have a chance of creating a new set of random events happen.I'd be lying if I said I didn't exploit this sometimes, usually if I didn't want a particular character to be hurt from a raid (Marin and Katia are treasures). However, there would be times where I didn't want to quit out of my game and risk all the possible events from being reset. This caused me to pause the game a lot and resulted in me having a crazy amount of hours recorded playing, when in actuality it's less. There've been days where I completely forgot it was running and would add a complete 24 hours to my recorded time.However, like I said before, this is a nitpick and I acknowledge that it's not the game's fault for my own actions and forgetfulness. If anything I think it's great for having added a layer of difficulty by only allowing an automatic save at the very beginning of the day. Though I do think $19.99 is a little steep, I definitely would recommend this to anyone who enjoys resourse managing, light strategy and TONS of replayability."
,Recommended,282070,18586614,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ozzmeister00,"It's like a depressing situation management simulator, only I was managing my own feelings of hopelessness and not those of my housemates."
76561197998433845,Not Recommended,282070,18594046,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ramos_somar,"This game is pretty grindy and tasks end up feeling like  chores.  While it tries to be emotional, for me at least, it fell short.  It's depth, while at face value seems good, is not very enticing.  You essentially do the same things repeatedly until time runs out and you win. That said, if it is on sale one day it may be worth a look,  I played it for a little while and then did not pick it up again.  I've seen better phone games and I have enough chores at home."
,Recommended,282070,18595646,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Yang,This game is gritty. I felt so connected to my small band of survivors. I cried real tears as my man Bruno was gunned down. This game drags out the emotions. I loved it. It was an experience.
,Recommended,282070,18528619,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Spicy Boi,It is a very gritty and realistic representation of the war that does not hold your hand and has a very depressing tone. The music is done very well and the art style is awesome and it is a all round great game.
,Recommended,282070,18410343,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Moza,Awesome game! One of the best I've ever played!
76561198060657697,Recommended,282070,16379604,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sKeLeToN,Third-world country simulator 2015
,Recommended,282070,16380057,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Candice Cane,I looked past this game for a long time. Wish I haden't. Really great!
,Recommended,282070,16380259,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,2 Bad,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpR4-Rx2iIMA rather unique take on a war game. Instead of playing as a soldier you get a bunch of civilians trying to survive in a city that's under attack. You live in a house during the day and go scavenge for parts, food and materials during the night. Characters can get wounded and die, they need to be fed and they also need to sleep.The game has great replay value and its length isn't that bad either. There's a certain charm to the pencil art and the graphics do hold up well for a side-scrolling game.I say go for it and enjoy the fact that you have to actually think about surviving a war instead of just brainlessly shooting guns in one."
76561198043306448,Recommended,282070,16381585,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,EoF,"This game is just flat out incredible. The developers did an amazing job of making you feel exactly what it would be like to be in one of these situations.I highly recommend this game. Got it and put 12 hours into it in one day, I just could not put it down."
76561198032563643,Recommended,282070,16383132,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sloth,one of the best solo games ever played! They must do a multiplayer though...
76561198081991135,Recommended,282070,16383428,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,StarKiller,Got this game for steam summer sale. I highly reccomend you do the same while its cheap. It is a unique yet amazing game experience I have yet to ever play a game that makes you think about all the people who live in the houses in a combat a modern zone.You'll love it! So go and buy it!10/10 truely deserves a 10!
,Recommended,282070,16383837,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,PhillyB403,The single most realistic war game I have ever played
,Recommended,282070,16383985,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Spooky Two-Four-Six-Oh-One,"TL:DRThis game is amazing, shows you how civil war and the smallest of decisions can effect your group. Choose wisely, and keep the amount of killing to a low to avoid depression and have low chances of suicides.This game really is worthy of a recommendation. Not only is it fun, but it sends out a message, that message being that war doesn't just effect the military, it effects civilians, families, women, children, etc. Civil war can drive people to do the unthinkable, steal, murder, and the military won't be able to aid anyone because they are using their resources to fight w/e. Some people just cannot survive in this environment, example: My survivors were low on food and water, so I sent out a scavenger to steal from a villa, he was ultimately heard and when he tried to run to the exit, someone was there, waiting for him. He had to kill that person to survive, and because that one kill, that survivor is now on the verge of suicide.  Isn't like I chose to kill him though, he attacked first and all I could do was beat him down with a shovel. But back onto the review. This game just has so many scenarios that I have yet to discover, being that I recently bought this game, but this game deserves to be known by everyone because this game just shows you how bad war effects people."
,Recommended,282070,16384160,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pablo Discobar,I just realized that I'm a bad man.
,Recommended,282070,16379353,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,afields101,"First Night, I went to an 'abandoned house' inside I found medical supplies some fire wood and such, suddenly I was confronted by a man in his late 40's or 50's asking not to take his wifes medicine, so naturally I killed him. His wife came down stairs and cried over his body and it was hard for me to read what she was saying because the scene was too sad so I killed her too. Upon reaching my house my character was severely depressed and exhausted. I, myself, feel like a piece of garbage.10/10.... I wish other games had a morality system. Your Call of Duty character just vomits from the thousands of people he's killed..."
76561198024526601,Recommended,282070,15665033,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jupitris,A game about survival in a wartorn nation. What matters in this game is the survival and wellbeing of your crew/characters no matter the cost. Never rely on luck because there would be no luck at all and prepare to steal or kill others because raider will coming too. Sometimes there are a sidequest where you need to help someone or you could just ignore them to their demise.
76561198004311755,Recommended,282070,15665537,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,PooSmear,"I love this game its overly brutal until you understand the way the game plays, however out of all of the games i've played over the last 20 years i put it in my top 5 best games ever list"
76561197963405408,Recommended,282070,15666436,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Croew,"Atmospheric, intense, memorable."
,Recommended,282070,15666701,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,chriskoh,Engaging and thought provoking.One of the most enjoyable games that has me on the edge of my seat.
,Recommended,282070,15551038,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sir Reginald of Merryweather,"Painfully brilliant, honest raw and will leave you heartbroken when you're survivors are murdered."
,Recommended,282070,15551284,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,LongGun,"stop reading and play this game, its worth it"
,Recommended,282070,15552648,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,SacredKeyLock,"This is a very depressing game and makes you think ""If that were me in reality...""Definitely recommended.Graphic : it's gorgeous. When you zoom in, there are so many details that would've been missed or taken for grantedBGM : love it.. love the music! Adds to the depressing atmosphere, and yet soothing enough to keep a little hopePlot : the character profile/bio is interesting and makes it more personal when we're playing as someoneDifficulty level : seriously, it's not about that at all. It's about how far you're willing to go to survive and how 'smart' you are. I died in the 28th day to suicide, where my other friends died long before due to starvation. Now I know, tools tools TOOLS!Price : Very reasonable. This is an endless game and we just want to play it again and again despite the heart-breaking nature.Personal opinion : I'm not an avid fan of survival genres, but I LOVE this game. I only wish we could make someone read or smoke a cigarette when they start feeling depressed, especially after their other comrades died.Recommend : A definite yes. I died just a few minutes ago, but gained new survival knowledge and hope to do better in the next try. At least not to die by suicide."
,Recommended,282070,15555772,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Joe,"Many games have put you in the soldier charater to fight against other soldiers in order to win the war. But in this game, the objective aint to win but to SURVIVE. This game allows you to experience the other side of the story in a war. The game projects a very realistic scenario of what happens in a war for the survivors involved in a war zone.In the game you are to:1 - Search for materials/parts (to build essential furnitures, board up your defense)2 - Search for food (food and water are scarce)3 - Search for weapons/weapon parts (for better defenses or better chance in raiding to find supplies)4 - SURVIVE the warIf you love putting yourself in the shoes of your gaming characters, and surviving is one of your favourites then I would recommend this game."
76561198145735250,Recommended,282070,15680851,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,FlyingMonkey,"Well, it is about time I wrote a review for this game. This game suprised me, too say the least. This is essesntially a  building and resource management game that is set in war zone. However there is not one other game I can think of that is like this game. Everytime I buy a a war game I am a fighter pilot or a soldier or some commando who can absorb a full clip of ammaunition without dying. This is the first game that is based on the poor people caught in the crossfire. Before playing this game I did not think such a thing was possible let alone be entertaining. This War Of Mine accomplishes this as well as drawing peoples attention to the crap that is really happening in the real world.The graphics are simple but elegant and the game play will allow the gamer to imerse themselves in the harsh realities of living trapped in a warzone. You will find yourself living vicariously through your characters and if one of them dies, you will genuinely feel it. The game is desiged in such a way that if a character dies that is it, there are no savegame files to reload. You have to continue on the story with out that character.The developers are still adding to this game , they have just given us the option of writing our own story, which gives a lot more replayability. I look forward to were they end up taking this game, hopefully more cities, more NPC's, more main characters, the ability to customize your homebase even more and last but not least I would love to be ablle to kill and loot the NPC's that raid us at night.One last thing I will say about to those of you about to play for the first time is this. Resist the urge to google gamerguides, learning how to deal with the situations thrown at you by this game is half the fun. You will get a real sense of accomplishment when you overcome these obstacles."
,Recommended,282070,15681274,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,NoMoreHeroes,"A very solid game that is really satisfying to play. If you let it then it can be a great emotional experience, letting you choose between either advancing your group or helping your fellow neighbor survive. Would recommend if you are looking something a little different with some heart pounding moments but generally more thinking and feeling moments."
76561197978782798,Recommended,282070,18139000,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Corvus Dove,"This game is the only game that made me feel bad for winning.   10/10 would catharsis again.The decisions made are the kind you would really have to make.  Jimbob needs medicine, but we need him on guard duty...do we let him try to make it to what's left of the hospital?  Everyone's hungry and winter is coming, and that nice old couple has food and wood for fires...or they did until you had to kill them and take it all for your own survival.The only issue I've seen is that there is one gaping hole in the survival side of things; you can go an entire game with little risk.  This is because of a specific strategy that really should be patched out, as with it I completed every scenario with no fatalities and all happy people (which gives their ""best"" endings).The morale system only hits you once for doing something ""bad"".  if you do the same thing repeatedly ""bad"", then there's no additional penalty.  What this amounts to is there is a situation where you can buy a saw blade from a merchant, then go over his building, use the blade, go beneath, and raid his supplies with no consequences (as long as you leave at least one item in the container).  You can then sell back the surplus.  This can be repeated every couple of nights (to allow the store to restock), with only the one morale hit for theft the first time you do it.  Usually, this means you have more medicine and wood than you need, which takes a lot of strain off of the survivors.    This can be boosted by having a particularly heartless person who will take a smaller hit to morale (and there are two or three of those) go kill other survivors so you can loot their homes on subsequent nights.Still, fantastic game that makes you feel your choices.   My only complaint is that once you've figured out a way to survive well, it never changes, which makes exploring some scenarios for locations completely unnecessary."
,Recommended,282070,18154439,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,LEO N1™,"this is a game where u have to decide between the choice to have mercy or not,no matter what u chose,its all about surviving in the war.(keep in mind that your characters have their own emotion)"
,Recommended,282070,18098019,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,J_Chef_Kennedy,great atmosphere when playing and in general a really *really* good game!
76561198051500831,Recommended,282070,18093074,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,heathen.machine,Great artistic game!
76561198014009909,Recommended,282070,18093088,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Misha_Krinkov,great game/great story(made you feel same with those who struggle to survive those days)
76561197988581923,Recommended,282070,13626833,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DarkBlaze,"It was hard to recommend this game even though I really enjoyed it as I found it was very short and not all that hard.I compleaded the story on my 3rd attempt, total time including the 1st two attempts and reading everything as I went was 8 hours (according to steam).Although it dose have replay value as but I personally don't feel drawn back too it right away.That having been said it was a really fine game, it felt well polished complete (other that the shortness), so I am going to recommend it.Noteworthy points:+Great story feel.+Good  replay value.+No zombies.-Short.-Little to no settings."
,Recommended,282070,13628361,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Destro,This game is Great you blend how you feel for a char to how they act as you learn more of ther backstory you grow to feel and be as thos survivors the world event are randomely generated kinda but the maps you play on are not you need high sneaking skill to get past some playses and you feel almost trrefied as a bullet wises by your head as an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sniper shoots ppl from a hotel my first game i went into a cunstroction sight just as i go to hide cuz i heard foot setps i hear a shot ring out as a man lys dead on the ground infront of me 2 solders come alond and dont even loot this porr man and just walk away my fav char marko gos back and warns everybodey was what he had just witnest and now we try our best to avoid the milatery and keep in my mind we had a very usefull trade route with a military camp we never went back untill marko was shot from some kid who needed medicine for his father marko in the end killed himself cuz he had to kill the old mans son who shot himmy whole team died 1 from suicide 2 from illness 1 from being shot to death saveing a women at the supermarket the i was on day 38 when i saved this girl from another military solder would i recomend this game indeed i would it blends actual survivor gamplay with a kinda rpg makanic that makes it enjoyable and fun in almost every aspect exept for the point of no charector custamization or custom chars and a relativly short game but it awsome none the less 99999999999999999999999999999999999/10 and plz dlc the ♥♥♥♥ outa dis some how or somthin cuz u guys derserve it but dont be like EA  -_- ........♥♥♥♥ EA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198023968055,Recommended,282070,13630278,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"This game is not happy. It doesn't pretend to be create a shroud of invincibility that your immortal characters stroll through leisurely; perhaps through infinite respawns or just god-like powers and abilities. It's a tale about people living in a bombshelled city during civil war. Most likely, you'll lose characters along the way. You will be faced by times where you need to choose between food, medicine and weapons to defend what little stockpile of resources you have. Do you use your last bit of scavenged fuel on feeding your hungry people, or staving off sub-zero temperatures that will inevitably result in illness. The decisions in this game feel real and they're not arbitrary. There are some moral decisions - mostly about whether or not to help neigbours with various (random?) problems which may or may not come back to help you and carry their own consequences.That being said, this is one of the most personal games I've ever played. If you're thinking about it or are on the fence about getting this game - get it."
76561197991965765,Recommended,282070,13630318,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dr4stic,Amazing!!!
,Recommended,282070,13631199,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,KeselekPintu,"day 30 => i accidentally killed a young lady :( , feel bad about it.day 34 => a priest was panic seeing me with hatchet in curch (i surprise he was behind me), while i was removing a rubble, a man killed me to help him, i dont understand -_-this game is awesome.11/10maybe you can add this?- see inventory while planning the night.- chat to each other. (add relation trait)- upgrade bag maybe? or chance to find bigger bag, its too small -_-- add weight, run slower with full heavy bag :D- two people scavange :D- give orange colour to choosen people while at home.- move stuff in house.- save option- add more places. random places.game tips:- dont eat every day. just eat every 2 days. it will save your food supplies alot.- dont sell your electronic part- hurry build fire place before winter, and tool maker, to make hatchet :)- dont burn the book- recheck people before killing him, not every armed people have to be killed."
76561198003837384,Recommended,282070,13633219,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ZORE,"very hard game. i would say i have yet to see a bug, and cant get enough play time. for 16 bucks id say its a decent buy most should be able to enjoy"
76561198002118119,Recommended,282070,13619390,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,thegreathannes,after the last update the game didn't start anymore. Argh
76561197989199405,Recommended,282070,13619974,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cblock6,If you are a fan of survival games this is a must buy. There are so many stellar things to say about this game that I can't even list them. For some people this game is going to be in the running for GOTY. I could not give this game a more solid endorsement. I will come back to this game often.10/10
,Recommended,282070,13621238,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Drathlan,"An incredible experience, every playthrough I have brings a story to mind, be it awful or awesome.  I would recommend this game at full price, even if it isn't on sale this game is worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,282070,13623569,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Holfysit,"Simple interface, very entertaining."
,Recommended,282070,13624222,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bellamy Blake,"I just got this I can already tell that it's going to be one my all time favourites.A lot of modern games glorify this post apocalyptic existence whereas this one brings it more down to earth and adds the humanity aspect back into it. The reality is that this game actually does very little, it finds its complexity in its simplicity.This War of Mine certainly doesn't hold your hand through, it gives you 3 people and a house and says ""go."" Whatever happens is random or it's because of what you've done previously.It definitely makes you question your morals. We say that each life is as valuable as the next, but sometimes you simply can't save everybody, and surprise surprise, it's primarily your choice who lives and who doesn't. It's definitely a ""hate the player not the game"" scenario because ultimately, everything is down to you. Do you give your medicine to that ill kid? Do you kill the eldery couple for food? Do you trade that pistol you spent days collecting parts to build? It's all questions that you'd think to be deeply unsatisfying considering that no choice is ""right."" You don't get points, trophies or even a pat on the back...you get to live another day, where you'll have whole new challenges and moral dilemas thrown at you.I highly advise anybody to get this game. What it somewhat lacks it action it makes up for in immersiveness."
,Recommended,282070,13641122,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Harkenstein,"War has never been so much fun... Or is it? First you try to keep those ungrateful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of your team alive through war. You'll do everything. Rob robbers by sneaking or killing, rob innocents and hospitals. You collect trash from derelict places for supplies. Eat anything. Anything.If you don't starve to death, die by illness, freeze to death, die by wounds inflicted by continuous assaults to your house, sniper fire, too risky salvaging trip or your team fighting eachother then... Well... Then they probably will be sad, depressed or broken. Or they abandon your team and steal it's possessions on their way. Or lay in hangover, weeping and crying. From day to day.Places vary from game to game : loot you find, characters you meet, dangers you are pitted against. You never know what to take with you when going to raid after supplies. Weapon - knife, axe or gun. Or makeshift tool like shovel or crowbar to go past obstacles - be them concrete, wood or flesh and bones. Or saw and lockpick for grates and locks. Or items to barter with some not-so-hostile NPC's. Ofcourse you can kill them or steal from them. If your character can live with his actions. Whatever you take with you takes space from loot you're able to carry back so it's better to choose well.It's all about suffering and pain from the hopeless start to the very unhappy ending. Because you know, there's no happy endings in war, only choices to make, survival or death. Little meaningless people trying to struggle through hell. Alone. Suffering. Depressing? Oh yeah! Fun? Not really. Interesting? Definitely. Enjoyable? In it's own masochistic way.It is possible to achieve different kind of endings to the story. Not to just survive but achieve characters own personal goals. It is possible to do few single heroic acts. Odds are always against you. So be ready to enjoy your victories with grain of salt.If your character dies it is permanent for that playthrough. This makes both wins and failures feel like personal wins or losses. You will be genuinely happy if you do well. And it will really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off when you fail. Ragequit is not a remote possibility.This game makes you think about what you value most. In the end, if you manage to do one or two unselfish ""humane"" decisions and still survive... Even that feels good. Characters do have personality  : some of them you like, others you tolerate. Or not. Even NPC's are well scripted. Most of them feel like believable characters. To hear them talking about atrocities, crimes they are going to do, about their miserable lives, their kills... Oh boy. Best and worst of mankind. You will hate those heartless murderers even when you see some of their point of view. And the price you pay for your little piece of heaven. Or bread. It will cost you. LOT.Most important thing about this game though : it really makes you value your own life, everything you have. From food and water to warmth of home and friends. And it makes you value peace.There's shot down wall in the game with graffiti that summarizes it all.F*** The War."
,Not Recommended,282070,15364953,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,MKUltra,"Needs a proper save/load function. As far as I'm concerned, the game is broken without. I'm sure the developer believes it enriches the gameplay somehow, but it doesn't. Makes progression limited, and frequent restarting from the beginning feels repetitive/grindy."
76561198038611183,Recommended,282070,15365138,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,leebert51,Great game. Worth buying
,Recommended,282070,15365918,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,21st Century Schizoid Embolism,"Only just playing a few hours now, I have already loved this game so much more than most other war games.It brings  lovely new twist to the war genre and survival-crafting genre as a whole with a nice and easy, but resource demanding crafting system. The characters are interesting and deep, the events are heart-wrenching or warming, and the art style is amazing.Pros:Amazing character developmentIntuitive controlsFriendly design with cool artDark atmosphereMany choices and styles of play to choose from.Cons:Many feels when someone dies. o7 Katia, shot by bandits.Sometimes can run slowlyMakes me look bad because I can't find enough cons.I would recommend this to everyone!"
,Recommended,282070,15442338,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kenta Nakamura,"This War of Mine brings the experience of a survival base setup but instead of zombies or infected you have to fight actual people and not really fight rather survive. Guns are hard to find unless you attack the military base which is a deathwish if you don't have weapons. But what really makes TWM fun is the suspense and character buildup. Thou yes its all click and wait setup but that doesn't make it a bad game at all. You have to secure your homebase with walls and door locks as well as have 1 to 2 people guard it during the night. Scavange for food, components, and other parts during the night and hope you've collected enough parts to build beds, traps, and security for your home. The game gets very difficult from start to finish due to lack of supplies but really if a town was the center of war there wouldn't be much to begin with. All I can say is stock up on canned foods and work on securing your homebase due to constant raids."
76561198008466385,Recommended,282070,15444410,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,TV's Russ,"This game officially holds a special place in my heart, and it's incredibly difficult to get there.  I am an avid fan of war games across a multitude of genre's.  So when I found this absolute gem of a game I was excitedly horrified.  And I am more than greatful for it.This War of Mine in a word is breathtaking.  The art is incredibly surreal, the music invokes a feeling rarely conveyed properly in gaming; a heavy sense of dismay with an incredibly trifling dash of hope.  The characters themselves look haggard, almost blank, which after reading the bio on each of them...can't say I blame them.This is an easy enough game to pick up and go with, but soon enough you realise that there is no time for luxury.  Making the abode barely livable just to keep the inhabitants safe from illness, using rat cages so they can get a ""decent"" meal at some point.  Desperately hoping you can get the supplies to make it to tomorrow let alone next week...  This game has just the right balance of keeping the player on the edge of their seat and at the same time hoplessly sitting back realising that the lack of wood, medicine, or food is beginning to have a major impact on the characters.Then there is the moral dillema's.  I told myself on my first few playthroughs that I would stay as true to myself and the decisions I'd feel I'd make as possible.  After too long however I found myself making choices that I could only pray I would never have to make in this life time.  I remember an old couple whom I walked in to and was telling myself I would only take wood from.  I had a good amount of both food and medicine at home, but the fuel for both the stove and the heater were running low.  The husband pleaded not to take her medicine for she was ill and I kept telling myself I wouldn't, and I didn't...but the feeling of misery lingered in my mind.So absolute kudo's to 11bit studios for daring to create an aboslute masterpiece of a game that this is.  I truly thank you for this entertaining yet sobering experience."
,Recommended,282070,15446659,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,boby1978,"Very good game. Very different game.Your caracters die very easily. Never attack military guys with just a nife, bad idea.And by the way, Winter is a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197966757791,Recommended,282070,15449942,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,PatCat,"A game about war from the civilians perspective. If you have no remorse or morals whatsoever, then you might not appreciate the game for what it is. An artpiece."
,Recommended,282070,15604639,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Zillaxwafer,"This is one of those games that just kind of sneaks up on you. While at first it may not seem like much, the creators certainly spent a lot of time making the entire narrative very flexible yet engrossing. Every character is a unique individual, and each reacts in their own way to doing what has to be done. You can try to play the good guy and help those starving children, might even help keep moral up by doing so, but when you realize you gave away your last meal you'll end up robbing some old couple--which does wonders for that good samaritan feeling...The combat system is actually fairly in-depth for a 2.5D game, even if having to use it means something probably just went very very wrong. The game constantly auto-saves and attempts to save-scum just end up with a corrupted game file that has to be manually removed in order to even start a new game. In other words, yeah, when you accidentally forgot to peek before you bust down a door and end up taking a shotgun to the face... maybe next time you'll walk. Or in my case: when it seems like a nice day out at 18 degrees C and you decide you don't need that extra log on the fire... only to come home and find Ronan froze to death because the temperature dropped sharply to -5 overnight... Sucks...Its a little bit buggy, but as of this posting it is still being updated. Only real complaint is that the crafting trees could use a couple more items on them, even if only for aesthetics purposes. However, as previously mentioned, it is still being updated so even that should disappear with time.The replay value is fairly high as well due to a large number of random variables relating to both events at locations and characters themselves, and with the recently added character editor and scenario editor its higher than it was when I sunk the majority of my playtime into it. The epilogue bit is pretty cool as it tracks a lot of your exploits and then sets them up in a neat little story board.Anyways, in short. Totally worth it, and not just because its largely a charity project. Yeah. You read that. Money from the game/dlc helps charity.... perfect excuse to get it. (DLC doesn't even really add anything, except that warm fuzzy feeling, or something, oh and some random graffiti here and there)."
,Recommended,282070,15606733,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Poobah Gorg,This is one of the best and most important games ever!
76561198124250606,Recommended,282070,15606777,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,belcomar000,its a simple point and click but the story and character bio/development is amazing
76561198053736029,Recommended,282070,15607511,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,dynoman6,An extremely evocative and moving game.   The gameplay is easy enough but scenarios can be very tricky and theres no way to save a game so losing a character is permanent and irreversable.   This can be extremely annoying if you have invested a lot of time already.Unfortunately you can't have more than one game running either (because you can't save) so you either continue or you start a new game.I really like this game in general and have no qualms about recommending it BUT its SO evocative that I actually found it depressing!!   Don't play it if u have suicidal tendencies!
,Recommended,282070,15608697,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Thodd,"This game is not a game, it´s the ♥♥♥♥ing reality.I hope I will never have to feel what is like to be in war...."
,Recommended,282070,15610575,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Heavy Calibre,"An amazing game.Buy it and lose yourself in the world that is survival, whether that be through dignity or inhumanity."
,Recommended,282070,15611588,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,zoidburger,"One day while i was serching for food i came across an deffencless old couple. You have to understand we were starving we didnt have any food... i didnt have any other choice...As i stood over their dead corpes i relised what i had done. My hands began to tremble i looked at the gun in my hands and the two shell casings on the floor. I dropped to my knees, pressed the barrel of the gun up to my tempel and..."
,Recommended,282070,15187163,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Snorlax <The Sleepy Gamer>,"Good survival game and good to challenge yourself.First time I play I feel hard more than other survival indie games but when you play you can't stop because it very fun , you don't know how time past It go faster more than you know same me play until forget the time.To survive you need to choose about good and bad , you need to choose steal form other or trade form other , you need to understand about biography special ability and mood of character.This War of Mine Games Suvival in the world, after the Civil War from a 11 bit Studios, which used to create a game Anomaly both 1 and 2 in the Smart Phone.The story of the game - we'll play as the leader of the survivors of the war. And that we have to do things. I like a lot of food for our group of survivors. Or even the struggle to maintain our group out. We have to play to survive indefinitely. I find a way out of the city to be.Top of the game- the game will be in the picture above 2.5D I like it. I assume it is a whole new game for Survival in the form, the game will allow us to walk quite independent enough to find things. To survive In addition to the areas in the game already. We can find it from the characters. With the game Whether you like Or a cost Or simply steal it still do it. Considered to be the highlight of this game. That we will be in a person to survive. Are willing to even steal or kill them or not. The store has all the problems. Or the craft has to be something else. It depends on what we wanted to use.Components of the Game- The graphics, though the game is a 2.5D model, but it is made out to be beautiful and sad, depressed mood, have a good one. Which is in the form of Black & White's majority, so the atmosphere is very good. Not quite- The sound The sound is fairly quiet and somber atmosphere that is very much in terms of sound is made out very well.- The items and items in the game, if available there. The symbolism was told to do. It is quite easy for the players enough. And finding various items. I used to be quite rare in moderation. Not too The game is challenging and fun.Conclusion - This game is made out well in every way. It was like a game of Survival perfect in my opinion, I'm positive with the 2.5D make a new mood to play, unlike other games. And this game is quite challenging us too much. To survive as long as possible though. I played with a friend who survived for more than anything. It must be kept as it was my first game for This War of Mine.Advantages- A game that is fun for the Survival of it rather easy for me, but after that the game may be rare, because we live in such a long time, it was hard to find because it's out there.- Crafting items quite easily. And Wollstonecraft's easy enough.- What can we get excited over. Survival is not boring like the other games.Disadvantages- I must say that in addition to survive from day to day, it may be that some people are tired of it.- The image repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly if the character was bored. I do not recommend this game to me.In the end, this is your game. It depends on personal preference for me. ^^"""
76561198165933663,Recommended,282070,15643608,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Belzyvard89,"amazing game, it catches you emotionally! It's a very immersive experience for many reasons :- graphic style is perfectly chosen;- needs of characters;- reactions of characters to the events;- hard decisions to take in difficult moments;- etc etc etc...I can't stop to play it!"
76561198037230879,Recommended,282070,15613321,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Seba,It is a great game. I recommend it to everyone.
76561198035625670,Recommended,282070,15268663,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,TheSilentKing,"If you're a fan of being an elite soldier fight for freedom and destroying evil dictators don't buy this game.Don't get me wrong it's a good game just not for everyone.Story: The game takes place in the fictional city of Vysena in the republic of Vysenac during a civil war and follows a group of civilians trying to survive. The game itself is the tales of the survival of these civilians and seems to lack a clear straight forward narrative, but some key events will occur no matter what. One example is when two children walk up to your 'little patch of heaven', asking for medicine to treat their sick mother. The Game does have an ending but it can only be achived by surviving the whole war.Graphics: The game looks good, if you're a fan of ruined buildings, black, grey, abandoned tanks and other depressing stuff. The art style seems to resemble a very well done pencil drawing with the only colours being different shades of grey. In short the game looks good with a high resolution.Gameplay: The gameplay consitis of two phases; day and night. During the day you allocate food and medicine, let people sleep, craft items like beds or weapons and make sure not to use up all your supplies. The night is the ONLY period of time when you can go and scavenge for supplies outside of your 'safe haven', (this is because snipers pervent you from leaving during the day). You decide who will scavenge, who will guard the base and who gets to sleep, your 'safe haven' can and will get raided. Weither or not the raid gets well for the raiders is determined by who's on guard and if they have a weapon. When scavenging you search rubble and bins, and use tools to open doors or clear debris. If there hostiles nearby you can try and sneak past them which involves hding in dark areas, and moving carefully. When it comes to combat you will either run up to them and beat the living hell out of them, or you take cover and shoot them. If you sneak up behind an enemy you can preform a sneak attack, but unless the character you're playing as has combat experience, it won't be an instant kill. Stealth is highly recommended in my opinion, but if you do attack someone kill them quickly and after they're dead either run or hide. This is beacuse killing someone makes lots of noise, this will attract enemys. But know that any wounds a character suffers will need to be bandaged and left to heal.Edit: as of update 1.3 to the game You can now create your own scenario's. You can pick how many locations you can loot (minimum of 13), certain features about these areas, when the game will end, when, for how long and the severtiy of winter is. You can also choose the characters you get at the start, the difficulty and it allows you to create your own characters.Final verdict: The game is well made and is good if you like a dark, depressing and somewhat realistic, look into the life of civilians during a war. I sum it up as a zombie apocalypse without the Zombies. The only problem I face is a lack of a manual save & the fact it only auto-saves when you return to your 'safe haven', overall i give it a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,282070,15615108,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,SnakesBlood,"Was a 10/10, but now a 15/10 with ***Scenario Editor in which you can write your own stories of civilians in war. Pick up members of the group, length of the conflict, weather conditions and more – it’s all up to you!- Character Editor where you can shape civilians, their look, skills, biographies and then play with them in the game. You can even add your photo and be a part of the story.- two new locations: Old Town and Looted Gas Station. Of course they can be included in your scenario!"
,Recommended,282070,23980338,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,E N G L A N D  I S  M Y C I T Y,Cool game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198090883321,Recommended,282070,23973361,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,huenm,"Such a weird and disturbing game. I love it! TWOM simulates the ambiguity and grey morality of civilians living in war. It's not an entirely deep game, yet it's remarkably subtle and surprising -- much like a modern day Oregeon Trail. Killing, stealing, and lying are all optional but the game doesn't exactly reward you for doing these things. Taking risks really feels like it. If you're going to ambush someone, there is a big chance that things can go south really quickly. I failed my first few attempts at this game. If you're really having trouble facing obstacles there are some great tips online that will help. TWOM doesn't hold your hand. In thrusts you into the deep end. There is replayability by trying new characters and the locations have different dual situations. However, after beating it once I'm not sure if I want to return."
76561197966117472,Recommended,282070,23987634,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Matt,Like a really depressing version of The Sims.
76561198014977980,Recommended,282070,30448337,Posted: 11 March,all,pompelmo,Good resource management game with well built atmosphere.
76561198052379771,Recommended,282070,13232730,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,wtflock,"Highly recommended. First win at 27 hours on record, with LOTS of 10-18 day games because people kept dying or getting sick when I played based on the ""game tutorial"" (there isn't one), and I could NOT figure out the fight mechanic. Then I read a few of the guides.Once you figure out the mechanics it gets much easier, but still full of adventure - one night towards the end, while cleaning out materials from the church, I had a friendly looter and the priest attack and kill a character out of the blue when I didn't even steal anything or equip a weapon...so of course the right thing to do was go back the next night and kill both of them. Somehow my other characters didn't get the connection and got sad. You'd think they'd have wanted revenge - so maybe put in a mechanic that recognizes when a ""civilian"" did something aggressive to you, so you can get payback without suffering for it.And more variety in the locations, more things to build, a few more survivors. And those recommendations would just improve on an already amazing game. Way to go, team!"
76561198027711230,Recommended,282070,13216487,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Despairbear,"A brutal war has come to the world of the Sims. There two types of gammers that wll enjoy This War of Mine;1) Sims players who are sick to death of the Saccharin nature of The Sims but love the game play.2) Survival fans looking for something different.This War of Mine is a cold and brutal look at the cost of war, not from the point of view of the soldier but from the innocent bystander caught between two armies.  Scrounging for food and materials takes up most of your time, everyone is cold and starving, and just when you think you are getting comfortable; you are raided by bandits and robbed blind. Back to the cold and hungry situation. You will be confronted sooner or later with choices that come down to either starving or robbing other innocent people of all they have to survive. And no matter what option you take, you will have to face the consequences of your actions. In this brutal war there are brutal choices.There is little to no combat in this game, and rightly so. This is NOT  war game, it is a hard scrabble survival game. If you are looking for a lighter FPS go ahead and skip this game, it is not ment for you. But if you are a fan of the survival story this may be what you have been waiting for.Game play is similar to a platform shooter, point and click to cause your charicters to move from point to point. Actions take time and the interface is well set to allow multiple charicters to be busy at their own tasks at the same time. The graphics are well done but intentionaly washed out and depressing, don't expect amazing vistas or inspiring sites, this game is cold and  dark.Only a few hours into this game and I am looking forward to more. Rated 8/10OK review revsion:Having played through the game once, much of my prior review stands. TWOM is a very good story and is probably one of the better indy games to come out in recent years. The story is compelling and the epiloge is actualy fairly moving. I am going to down grade my rating for one reason alone. The game is short. Far too short for a full price purchas, but when this game goes on sale make sure you get your self a copy.Rated 7/8"
76561198007437898,Recommended,282070,13233756,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Chad Muska,Would recomend. I only with the war went on longer and you could build more and more things. reat game though.
,Recommended,282070,13233846,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Rogue Scientist,"This War of Mine is tragic, beautiful, and challenging.  If you want to know how a game can be moving, or 'important' like any other piece of art, this is the one to play.  Poignent but not preachy, and artistic without falling into the 'artsy' trap of forgetting to be a compelling game.If you're still considering whether or not to buy This War of Mine than let me finish with this: ""yes this game is for you, and is worth your time and money."""
76561198012968093,Recommended,282070,13230387,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Excess_FF,"Boris just got killed, during my furthest play through yet, most of the things crafted and upgraded, plenty of guns and ammo... even plenty of food. It was supposed to be uneventful, clear debris come back with compenents... He was a brave man killed 2 bandits with just a shovel in revenge for killing a priest in the church... there was a third bandit with a shotgun. Down to 2 survivors... I need a drink.I do think it is missing a few things. Combat can have unpredictable results and punishing. For example, I've unloaded on a person with an assault rifle and only took them to half health, they stand up from that and one-shot me.Pets? I can see animals playing a larger part in this game, they're mostly absent. Why can't I kill those rats running around?Traps? Mine, trip wires, stuff like that. Nothing.This game is great though! Really simplistic in it's approach, but deep and challenging. I still don't understand a lot about it. Look for the dozens of cheap knock-offs being advertised on facebook very soon."
,Recommended,282070,13236113,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ThorY,"Unique idea, dark/depressive atmosphere , i wanted this kind of game very long time ago. Finally i've got it! Thanks 11Bit Studois."
,Recommended,282070,13257583,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Durable,Pavle's(1 of the character) morale status is depressedmade him kill banditnext day depressed gone10/10
76561198049731992,Recommended,282070,13258692,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nobishu,It is easy to be outraged when you are not hungry or scared you'll be shot for being outside in daylight.10/10 for unglorifying war-games.
,Recommended,282070,13259894,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,robovski,"Emergent story, way more engaging than it looks on paper. Check out some video if in doubt, but this is one of my favourite games of 2014."
,Recommended,282070,13259958,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,heegrimm,"I don't think I've ever played a game with a more gripping narrative AND replay value to boot. Mind, I haven't survived this war of mine yet...Try it or despair foreverafter!"
76561198166457022,Recommended,282070,13261957,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,danastroman,"Kudos to the devs! An absolutely amazing game, pulling the game quiality standards upward by a full bar. Artisctic, engaging, immersive, full of tough choices and compelling little stories, that might just make you weep. Do not miss out on this experience."
76561198011890096,Recommended,282070,15475012,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,:3,"amazing feels. This game is full of emotion and personality. Art, music, its all on point."
76561198085684283,Recommended,282070,15442807,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,punisher,"Wow. Brutal. Just when you think you're getting ahead. Depression ... broken ... suicide. And that was just up to day 16! This game is so cool and addictive, I've downloaded it to my work computer. Please don't tell my boss ..."
,Recommended,282070,15478482,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Troika,I think politicians & military personnel must play this game.
76561198017120875,Recommended,282070,15482720,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,bluenazarite,Very Original !!!
,Recommended,282070,15485417,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Island8,"Its just so beautifulGreat GameiI love this game, I play a ton of random games and among them this, by far, has the best replayability. I just love the game; however, it changes a lot as you play it: you start playing it for different reasons.At FirstAt first you are just strugling to survive, you dont know what is going on, then when you finaly do you are running low on food. So you go out and look for food,but guess what?food is hard to get, and sadly since you are a noob you haven't made anything to cook food:You go out to try to get food.Kill some elderly people and take theirs.Since you don't know **** you go home and cook your food, but you don't have a improved stove.You burn up all your wood cooking and can't build for ****.Bam, -3 celsus: If you half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the begining you made a heater, either way its useless, since you dont have wood.You go try to rob the military for pills, you don't have crap, and they shoot the crap out of you.Your little guy at home freezes to death and dies of plauge.Shiiiaaattt.....4-5 TimeHere you have an idea of what you are doing, and youbarelysurvive, and this is only if you chose good cadavers. Part of the game is the emotional, and you start to feel okay with killing people. You realize that killing people elimiates the need to buy there stuff so you kill people. Everyone in your place comites suicide out of depression. (You must strategicly kill people, its so cool!)After thisNow you can easly win with the starting survivers and have unlocked the harder cadavers. You move foward and repeate ""At First"" except you no noob now (You still die). Eventually you become a total baller, and you can totaly beat the game, but you still enjoy it. Because italwaysseems like you wont.Real Aspects this Game ConsitersStarvationDepressionNeed for shelterTempuratureBeing RaidedRaidingHelping othersKilling othersDealing with depression (You and your characters, if you stone cold your characters start to make you feel bad0Good QualitiesMaps changes: items in them obsticals, people, and story (I can not stress how amazing the different stories are in the places, best replayability0Realistic Characters: This is war, and from real life there are people who are better then others, meaning some times you get a useless old man, or a brain sprayer. Some characters also need things that others don't, so be careful.Events: Great events at places in the map and at your home, makes the game seem really alive, and being at your shelter never makes you feel invinsible or disconected from war.Theme: The theme is perfect, anyone who says it is not, is dumb.ProblemsThere is no infinite mode: I want to see how long I can survive and not starve to death, shame on all you self sustaining wimps.The game is short: But its replayability is awesome,YOU CAN START WITH DIFFERENT SURVIVERS, THIS MATTERS A LOT.More places and characters: Because everybody just loves that ****.The Game is a Perfect Example of BrillianceSorry to anyone who plays it. I was really brief, and could not worship it correctlyPlease buy this gameNote to the developers:Add a DLC like the War Child Charityfor yourselveswith a random character, with a start like the solo marko, and have it cost a dollar. This is so you guys make profit and prevent This War of Mine from becoming a dead project (please don't ditch). It's Steam: everyone has that useless dollar left over.Btw WCC was a good cause, thumbs up to you."
,Recommended,282070,15491021,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Bear nigga,Yes
76561198029828587,Recommended,282070,15495349,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Melancholic,"A thought provoking survival game, so well written that I'm given a thumbs up to a 2D platform kind of game, a type of game I'd normally ignore instantly. Great storylines and amazing art style provide real atmosphere. And some of the money I believe goes to a good cause so why not try it."
76561198124255935,Recommended,282070,15579812,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,CurrySane,"I fell in love with art style and the soundtrack. Coupled with the atmosphere, it makes the game more alive and interesting-in my opinion anyway.It's also the war game I have been waiting for. War from the perspective of the survivors is something rarely-if ever-done; and it is well done in ""This War Of Mine"". I really get a feel and attachment for the characters and the actions I must make really weigh heavily on me. For instance, ""Who eats?"" ""who gets the weapons or a place to sleep?"" You can turn so many people away, or choose to help them; and for once, it's not from the POV of a trained military professional; it's from the lives of people like you and I.And in my opinion, that's the most astounding point of the game.I highly recommend it, if you're looking for an interesting and personal touch on the war genre."
,Recommended,282070,15581745,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Rainbow Hyphen,"In war, not everyone is a soldier."
76561197995703445,Recommended,282070,15582396,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,d4h,Only seldom can a game create such an emotional response like this one.
,Recommended,282070,15620283,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,★ 🆂🅼🅰🆁🆃,The bandits came in packs like dogs driven mad with hunger.I beat them back every night. And everyone survived. A miracle.
76561198027851786,Recommended,282070,15624299,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lei,"A great, great game so far. The atmosphere, the music, the oftentimes lack of any sound from your crew all contribute heavily to the theme of the game: that this is supposed to be a developed country that has been reduced to war. Each character has a backstory that makes them appear to be an entirely normal person who had a normal life before this all happened. They each have their own opinions they share about the decisions you make in a log you can read, which is kind of like playing a Telltale game, making a bad decision and having to get an earful about why it was a good or bad decision. Haha.Overall, if you're into the idea of an emotional adventure/strategy game, I highly recommend This War of Mine."
76561197998202200,Not Recommended,282070,15625444,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,cat branchman,"I'm sure this would be a good game, if I could actually play it.  It played well for a while, and then it just suddenly started crashing.  The problem became worse and worse until it couldn't stay open for more than a few minutes.  I had contacted the developers in order to fix the issue.  They had requested a few diagnostics, and then abruptly gave up and suggested I get a refund.Considering that this is basically just a glorified flash game, I don't know why my computer, which can play games like Bioshock: Infinate, Dishonored, Skyrim, and Fallout: New Vegas flawlessly, while it can barely handle this one.  In any case, it's really not worth the stuggle and definitely not worth 19.99"
76561198120718092,Recommended,282070,15659222,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,FaZe Meeseeks,This War of Mine more like The Battle of Yours WHEY WHEY WHEY
,Recommended,282070,15661869,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Beckett,"This War of Mine is not a story of the elite soldier we know and play as in many shooters, especially a game with a title like this you would think of a soldier, think again. In the game, you play as a group of refugees struggling to survive in a besieged city during a civil war. You must fortify and build things for your 'home'. You must also scavenge for supplies during the night, but there are dangers lurking in the night.10/10, a game that shows the civilian side of shooters"
76561197989034473,Recommended,282070,15653507,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,[cErEaL]Count_Chocula,top notch...well worth the money and such a unique game.  Easy to play and the story doesn't disappoint.
,Recommended,282070,15412988,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,[TAW] PbThunder - Recruiting,"Immensely good game, I frequently found myself putting in hours a day to this addicting game. The diversity in the gameplay also allows to multiple playthroughs with many different characters. The game itself is based on the Bosnian War and delivers a very powerful story and the game shows the truth of war being complete hell. For the way this game acts as a complete anti-COD and the gameplay is very free, you are never forced to do anything however the game causes your actions to have ripple effects.5 Star game, best purchase of the year.It has been a while since I enjoyed a game this good!In my opinion this should be Game Of The Year."
76561198035782799,Recommended,282070,15418704,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,brydenhoff,"I can not say that this game is worth it enough. It's one of thoses games that will make take out a pen and papper to write stuff down, I has a great atmosphere and you will slowly find out what type of person in your group are by there raction to events."
76561198094744769,Recommended,282070,15422716,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,erencaga,"This game makes us remember that war is not about double kills, or quick scoping. War is terrible, and this game makes you exprience it in a very good story telling.On the other hand, game is nice. It is replayable, game experience changes everytime you play again. And also soundtracks are nice.I recommend it, if you like to play some deep, ""artsy"", and not-much-of-a-fast-paced game."
,Recommended,282070,15404785,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,bartm4n,"This is a very unique take on the currently popular survival genre. I can't say that I have ever played anything quite like it.During the day, I almost felt like I was playing a twisted version of The Sims. Scavenging at night is great fun, and you do get attached to the characters so if they die it makes you think, ""damnit why did I do that?!""It took me a few play throughs to really understand what each of the different constructable components are good for, but it all made sense once I got the hang of it.Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a fresh take on the genre."
76561198112703868,Recommended,282070,16094267,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,FakeJohnCena,"This game is a whole other side of war. You're not out trying to destroy as much of the environment as you can or kill as many people without dying (KDR).  What you are trying to do is survive, and survival can mean anything from stealing from an old man to killing a another looter.  During the day you fortify your house and build inventions to make your chance of survival.  At night you go out and loot/raid other building that can include Hospitals, School Houses and even military yards.    Be warned, at any point in the game some AI could have it out for you and you have to decide if you're gonna stay and fight or run back home.  Every character has a Conscience so remember that every action you do they're gonna remember and everybody else will know what they did as this can affect the overall morale of the survivors.All in all i would give this game a 10/10.  It really shows you the other side of war that a lot of people will never see.  You really get into and i feel like you make a connection to the game. Would definitely recommend"
76561198182042011,Recommended,282070,16059152,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,cesnoke5,"The first time I ever played this game I played it until it was daylight outside. I began playing at around 11 PM. This wasn't only because the game was fun, but because the game absorbed me. If you're tired of bs machobarry war games like Call of Duty then this game if 100% for you.  10/10, A+, 5 Stars, whatever, just go and play this game."
,Recommended,282070,16063237,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Danv-2003,sad but great game
,Recommended,282070,16064280,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Putin,"An amazing game. I usually read ""point and click"" and say to myself ♥♥♥♥ that. Not this time. Its so easy to get into. When I lost my virginity I had a rough idea of what I was getting into by reading others reviews.The first few days I got basic things to help build and upgrade my things. Food was there, and usually had a good cycle of not losing anything to raiders. Than, after trying to save a civilian before I understood how the shooting works in the game I got Katia killed. Everyone wasn't content anymore and♥♥♥♥♥♥got harder. I didn't have anyone to guard anymore so naturally, got raided and lost a lot of things including food. I was like ♥♥♥♥ it, time to play a heartless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Went to a quiet home where an sick elderly couple lived and shot them both. Resources were back and nobody was starving. But morale was low because of such a heartless act.Next thing I know one of two survivors who were left committed suicide and left the one sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥who was really useless other than guarding and cooking. Robbed and pretty much hopeless I went to the military compounded and went out fighting.I've played a few war games and have always played the solider. In Arma you can tell life in the time of war is rough, but never would I have thought switching roles would be so much more fun and challenging. Highly recommended to anyone who likes survival games and war games."
,Recommended,282070,16065921,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kath,"Would recommend this game if it is on sale. This is sometime different and is not meant to be easy to win. You have to make important choices which will affect your characters' emotions as well as their chance of survival. The atmosphere is gloom, dark and sad, but hey, its war time, so. You have to take many things into account before making a decision as it is all about team work. Some characters are good at salvaging while some are cooking or cheering others up. Medicines and food are super sacred and are hard to come across. I would suggest having pen and paper next to you if you want to win the game. If you are not sure whether or not to buy this game, wait till it is on sale then buy it. This game is serious and intense, and it saves on a 'day-end' basis. If a character dies during the night, he/she will be gone even if you reload the save. Get a pen and some paper and enjoy some critical thinking! I would give a 8/10 with the two points off being too hard to survive (although it is meant to be during war time)."
,Recommended,282070,16125161,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Catlingun,"This game is very fun and satisfying.  It's also soul crushing, heart breaking and infuriating.  The survivors will befriend each other and betray each other.  Each play through is different and enables you to play through a new and unique story each time."
,Recommended,282070,16028566,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,dYEEz! ツ,Stole medicine from an old couple and felt like♥♥♥♥♥♥for the rest of the day.10/10 would destroy my heart playing this
76561198006281849,Recommended,282070,16030378,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Rich66,"Great game if you like survival challenges. Moral choices affect your characters and decisions can be difficult to make. Not an easy game, but satisfying nonetheless."
,Recommended,282070,16031754,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Navoria,"I'm going to try and explain this game as best as possible because to me as a gamer, this game can be fit into multiple different genres and categories.  It can be a simple Survival game, an Action/RPG type game, it can be many things to different people but bottom line is it's a great game.  It's not perfect, but it shines in ways most triple A titles just can't, especially from an Independent Studio.  In a nutshell, you control several characters as you scavenge, build, upgrade, repair, replace, craft and and much more, as you try to survive the worn torn city.  The game is broken up into DAY and NIGHT, during the day you upgrade your shelter or sleep off your wounds or sickness, keep an eye on the temp to maintain warmth, ensure your people are well fed, entertained or otherwise satisfied in order to avoid your people getting depression and ultimately, die or commit suicide.  It is a hard juggle between how best to utilize what resources you are able to scavenge at NIGHT when you send one of your people out into the city while avoiding (or fighting) soldiers, other survivors that may or may not be friendly (you can be unfriendly and ambush people yourself) manage your backpack slots and make the decision on what is more important to bring back to your shelter; like the difference between leaving a lot of valuable loot behind like important upgrade or building components or weapons instead of food and medical supplies since you have very limited space to carry stuff and not near enough of anything to make your decision any easier; you always need whatever the hell you can find so the game can get rather frustrating at times but once you get into a good rhythm, learn the best ways to guard your shelter, and manage your supplies and people well, it can be an extremely unique and fun game worth the $20 it is normally but it is a must buy if you see it on a Special or during a Steam Sale event.  It does take a little to get used to playing but once you get it down it is fun and rewarding.  Happy Gaming!!"
76561198081939465,Recommended,282070,16099889,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,CDog,Awesome game ! Game for grown ups
76561198048170421,Recommended,282070,16101814,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mr.MojoRising,"Really a positively shocking game. War is hell and this game does not suggarcoat that like some first person shooters. Nice gameplay, extremely challenging but still motivates you to try another run. If you are interested in your own morality and try to see the depth of your character you should try this game. Maybe comparable to Papers Please in the ""playing your morality"" thing.An example: it will happen that you are faced with amoral descision, like killing for food, or leaving a crewmember to die because he is alcoholic, sick and wounded and you know he is not going to make it and will just waste resources."
76561198024748955,Recommended,282070,16103819,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,3s Baeluskov,Great game.Good story.Depressed.3.14/4.20
76561197972952500,Recommended,282070,16013471,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Voltar,"Love this game.  The number of hours displayed is only those on my main desktop.  I have yet to survive past 40 days and I'm wondering how many more days there are?!  I'm running out of food and ammo and the army and rebels have been getting a lot meaner.  If you're out there, please send food and ammo, thank you!"
76561198014310355,Recommended,282070,16016758,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Arwing20,"This is the most interesting and unique survival game there is out there. You do yourself a disservice for not giving it a go, especially if your sick of games like rust or minecraft and want a real human survival story."
76561198151292953,Recommended,282070,16018715,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,pyromaniac,awesome addicting infuriating atmospheric and generally a incredibly put together game
76561198064080516,Recommended,282070,16018838,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,xXBugl3B0ysXx Gay Bacon,Its ok
,Recommended,282070,15783808,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BooneDune,I can't resist attacking the army camp :( I'm so sorry Catia.10/10 Outstanding game (My keyboard glows when I play it!!!!)
76561198007686822,Recommended,282070,15856376,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Brevard,A brilliant and well executed concept of a game. These are the sort of games I hope flourishes for many generations to come.
76561198124830200,Recommended,282070,16146756,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,-hcolin- (Diplomatic Hipster),"This War of Mine may not be for everyone, especially if you like a fast paced game.The mechanics make for an extremely hard game that ♥♥♥♥s you over whenever it pleases.It get's boring if you play it for too long so I would recommend short sessions with this game.But even with that in mind it's still a great game with fleshed out ideas that work the way they were meant to.So yeah! Buy this game, it's not most fun game out in steam but it's worth a try."
76561197995958437,Recommended,282070,16242140,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Punderpowered -DI-,"This game is both awesome and horrifying.  The combat and scavenging levels are fantastic.  LIke many of the other reviewers, I can tell you that the choices you will have to make are heartbreaking.  Do you want to help the kids who need too many of your resources?  Should you steal from the elderly?The combat is brutal and the victories are rarely certain.  I have been ambushed by men with shotguns, hunted down and chased by soldiers, and hoping to sneak up on and eliminate the aforementioned men with shotguns.  During most of the scavenging missions, my heart was pounding and my hands were shaking.  I don't think I've ever found another game that can elicit that kind of physical fear response - even in horror games.10/10"
76561198092585049,Recommended,282070,15979488,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Carl The Llama,"I played this game before the 1.3 update and I absolutely loved it, you actually feel like you are apart of the war and are just trying to survive, as the title says, the war of yours that is keeping your survivors alive and helping them through the hard times they must endure. The 1.3 update added a Scenario Editor and a Survivor Editor, so now you can create your own survivor and scenario then play through it, making this game way more than I had expected. I originally stopped playing it because I enjoyed CS:GO more but I am definitely returning to this."
,Recommended,282070,15769356,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,resonant7hand,This is by far one of the most entertaining & innovative games I've had the pleasure of playing in a long time.  I really enjoyed playing This War of Mine.  The game-play is unique and keeps you engaged.  The way it stirs up emotions within you is something I've not experienced from a video game before.  The charcoal-stylized graphics intertwined with authentic art from world renowned artists found in various buildings (included only if you buy the War Child Charity DLC) keeps the game uncomfortably gloomy.  The eerie and depressing soundtrack unmistakably enhances the uneasy feeling that permeates throughout the game.  I strongly recommend this game.
76561198139859983,Recommended,282070,15631669,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,joetvrz,"I love this game, just wish i could play it. Recently the game wont even open for me."
,Recommended,282070,15631692,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Grim,An amazingly well designed and polished game that's fairly unique and easy to get into and enjoy.
,Recommended,282070,16006926,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mike,"This game is a very emotional experience. My people were starving, hurting, and crying. One of my people said he would kill for meds. I made him go with a gun and shoot some random guy and his dying dad for meds... Two days later he left in the middle of the night, taking food and meds and abandoned us. 1 day later the rest of my people abandodned leaving my one dying player alone. Next night he died ending the journey.This game is just a beautiful game. It makes you so sad, the music, the background, and the people just mess with your feelings. I almost cried when one of my people got killed. I highly recomend this gane"
,Recommended,282070,15971962,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tosh,This game literally grabbed my heart and ripe it out.
,Recommended,282070,15975459,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,₮rumpet p*lynesian-l[ad]r stache,"For people that want modkits, think of it this way: with modkits, people will want to play with others, then there will be a multiplayer support or something to keep up with demand, and then you'll have every game ever created, just abunch of trolls bandits and new people trying to survive"
76561198095013305,Recommended,282070,16044602,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,[Passive] Preacher,"Day 1- A great scavenge, Tons of med's and food, best part I didn't even have to steal them- ""marko""Day 3- Things are still looking great, some kids showed up asking for med's and we gave it to the- ""Marko""Day 7- Things have taken a turn for the worse, we were raided and palve is ill, we shouldn't haven given the meds to the kids ""Marko""Day 8- DANG IT! I just... I just had to, I... I killed a elderly couples son getting meds and food from the kitchen, as I left I heard them cry ""dear lord why"" as they shouted his name- ""Marko""Day 10-Well it was all for nothing.... Palve... he's dead I went back to the house to return the supplies I stole and see if I could help the couple, when I got there... I looked around and found them dead... I... I killed them""-MarkoDay 11- I.. I just can't take it anymore Why us??? - MarkoAt night on Day 11 Marko slit his wrist and commited suicide.... I haven't played the game since... It is so emotinal and really tests are you willing to do what it takes to survive. I really thought it would be like any other game where if you are spotted, you just go ahead and stab someone and feel better about being so stealthy. Boy was I wrong... Hard Game in both actual gameplay and emotional. Do I recomend it, yes it really can open your eyes."
76561198007263529,Recommended,282070,16140081,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,skr8outtapc,Great Game for the price. Would buy over and over agian.
,Recommended,282070,15757184,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,the.art.of.spam,Simply amazing experience.Well worth the buy.
76561198134383104,Not Recommended,282070,15934123,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,marc_haines,"An intriguing and engrossing premise that is ruined by the spectacularly redundant, frustrating gameplay. After an hour, you'll have experienced everything this game has to offer.... and you'll kind of hate yourself."
,Recommended,282070,15958342,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Blam,A beautiful game with good story telling. I would recommend this game if you have never played through a tragic masterpiece.The story and choices give you a glimpse into the dark side of humanity and the terror of war.My only gripe with it is the fact that the layout of some areas and loot are not random thus reducing the challenge.
76561198116340298,Recommended,282070,15777806,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Obama Bin Llama,"This game is simply amazing. Dont hesitate, buy it."
,Recommended,282070,15779626,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,kkirk71,"Incredible game. Beautiful in its simplicity and creativity. While the concept of the game is easy to master, playing through the game constantly presents new challenges. Easily (and unexpectedly) one of my favorite games."
76561198038815960,Recommended,282070,15744258,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Krawiec,"Fresh idea, great game!"
76561198057718114,Recommended,282070,13475074,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ruppj,"A pretty badass game. It's depressing, sad and it destroy your soul from the inside because of the choices you need to make! You almost feel like inside the game!"
76561198025612733,Recommended,282070,15733772,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,pehmo,"If Maxis would make Siege of the Sarajevo DLC for The Sims this game would be the result.This War of Mine has dark tone and it tells about civilian suffering in the war. Dark tone is also seen in the visual interface of the game. Everything seems dark and sad.  Influence of the Sims is also disadvantage to the game. Compared to the Sims the user interface does not feel very solid and at times the game seems to be dragging on. Characters keep on whinining like in the first Sims games. Lack of the autosave seems to be artistic choise to enhance the brutality of war but bad decisions seem to ruin your game experience. The learning curve is high and the game seems to hold out information from the player. You should read the tactics guide for this game, because there is one definite way of playing to be successfull and irritatingly you do not have much choises.Overall the game is worth your time and money. It is not very long to complete and it is cheap. What is remarkable in this game, is the unique view to the war, that is worth experiencing."
76561198132054977,Recommended,282070,15797640,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Anne Frank Sinatra,Gave someone all my sugar for a gun.11/10 would scavenge through Detroit again.
,Recommended,282070,13358870,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Wild,"Amazing, addictive, emotional.  One of the very few games that genuinley makes you feel terrible after slaughtering an elderly unarmed couple for a bottle of meds."
76561198085129828,Recommended,282070,13359467,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,=BiG=,Amazing game. Worth every penny spent on the game.
76561198053883833,Recommended,282070,13361211,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,laro19,"I really like this game, it really catches the emotion of a war, but I feel like there has to be more random things in the game and more difference in the way people interact. For example, there are no psycho's or anything, which would be there in real life and I always go to one place as soon as I can because it always has good loot and no enemies."
76561197963483066,Recommended,282070,13365323,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,spacemonkey,"We need more games like this. What an ordeal. If you are considering purchasing this game, do it. You will not regret it. This is not your generic shoot them all kidfest, but a game well worth playing"
76561198062190123,Recommended,282070,13366140,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,crestfallen,Great game! I want the expansion!!
,Recommended,282070,13366799,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,pyronize,Such a brilliant game with an original scenario. I don't remember another game where you play as a civilian in a war. Your every decision cause changes in your characters' emotions. It is all so realistic that even I questioned myself about the things I did although it is just a game. A must play to help you understand the ugly face of war.
76561198159219361,Recommended,282070,13366812,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Jimmy Teale,"This war of mine is an emotional roller coaster and plunges you into a dystopic/ apocalyptic war-time enviroment, in which you are fully immersed immediately. Whether it is struggling with food, water or emotional hardships within your group, you will never be short of things to do or think about. This game is about thinking ahead and making hard decisions every day. If you love survival games than this war of mine will be perfect do you.I would rate this game 9/10. Simply because it is almost perfect. Although there are things that could do with improving.I think that there should be additions to the skill system. Such as the possibilty of progressing skills, and for any character to develope any skill you want them to. For example, someone could develope the leadership skill that negates the effects of the other characters depression and allows the character to console other characters quicker or something of that nature. Another example could be the skill of scavenging - The character earns experience when scavenging and levels up, giving them extra carrying space or allows them to become a faster scavenger.This is just constructive criticism, but i would prefer if i could develope my characters through my survival story and give them specific roles in the shelter. This would make it even more devastating if someone died and another character had to take up the role of said character.In conclusion, i believe this game has alot of give everyone who plays it but it could definately be improved. Regardless, i will be playing it for months to come!"
76561197966804799,Recommended,282070,13366855,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,fяєємαη01,"this game is incredible !touching, dramatic and full of emotion !i just played it for 2 hours and survived 12 days.The end, the summary of what happend, the conclusions that are made ....i really felt like after watching movies like requiem for a dream or the fountain, stunned !RECOMMENDATION at its MAXIMUM !!!!!!"
76561197970454923,Recommended,282070,13357444,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,oVrKiL,"It's refreshing to see new ideas when it comes to games and this is definitely one of those that will top the charts. Side scrolling adventure/survival game that offers an experience of what it might actually be like trapped in a war torn city. I'm almost at 60 hours, beat it once, and I restarted a new game. If you get any game this month, dare I say year, make it this one. This is a game I would gladly pay full price for because I have gotten my moneys worth and then some."
76561198073623028,Recommended,282070,13368161,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ninja101,"this game is amazing, it has lots of replay ability becasue not every play through is the same ( i watched a bit of gameplay), addicting, pulls you into the atmosphere and makes you love the ai and your characters.a example of what can happen in this game.we were low on food and needed supplies, katia went to scavange a habited building. she snuck onto the second floor and peeked through the door and saw to girls talking. they talked about the other man on teh other side of the builing trying to shoot a guy. soon after one went to bed and the other upstairs to get some air. i quietly aproached the othe side of the building and saw a man with a shotgun trying to shoot a specific scavanger for some reason. i aproached him and attemped to kill him with one shank from behind. i failed and he made noise alerting 1 other girl. i killed the man before the girl arrived. when the girl arrived i shanked her once and she tried to run but didnt get far before i murdered her. right before she died she screamed and alerted the other girl that was sleeping, out of fear of her possiby attacking me i shanked her to and killed her. i got the food and supplies i needed. when katia got back she was depressed and broken sitting on the ground. i walked up to her and re ashured her it was ok and thx to her we were alive."
76561198099803479,Recommended,282070,13370654,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,theboshart,Pavel was a fast runner until he was wounded in a raid. My group was forced to send out far less talented people than Pavel to scrounge for bandages to heal their wounded compatriot.Each game is different. Each story is what you make of it.
,Recommended,282070,13370711,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,130vonkleist,"Pretty entertaining game, from a different point of view than usual.  The game mechanics are easy to get used to, tech tree on what you can make is pretty easy to follow, and its entertaining as a story.  You dont need to invest large chuncks of your time into it, you can leave and come back to it quite easily.  Definately worth $20."
76561198077974995,Recommended,282070,13371288,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kaito (Iceman),"Great game with easy to pick up mechanics. This game does a great job with moral decisions and hard thinking choices that could help/hurt you in the long run. If you have the low cost money to get this game, GET IT."
,Recommended,282070,13371635,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[CSGC] Turok,"Amazing, beautiful, unique game. I would buy it a thousand times over to re-experience every detail.Pros:-One of a kind perspective on civilians during wars-Emersive and detailed art style-Connection between your characters, true empathy with a person who in reality doesnt exist-Creates emotions for the players, you feel bad about murdering that innocent family-Atleast a dozen characters to obtain, all with specialized skills-Unique and brutal combat/stealth system-Innovative and great use of crafting-Day/night cycles are based on in game time, you only have so many hours to do what needs to be done-This ones a tangetThere are so many elements to games that I love to see. By far my favorite is the games ability to make me feel despair. This game drives that to the core. All your characters are starving and you have one piece of food, they are all freezing but you have no wood, they are wounded but no bandages, ect. These all create a sense in players that nearly all games lack. The true feeling that instills despair and uncertaintly is a quality in games I craveThese arnt really cons, more of things I find that some players struggle with:-This game will frustrate you, you will die, you will lose-Regions are exactly the same with the exact same enemy/person locations within that region, in short, predictable-Requires a bit of multi-tasking(for the single taskers)"
76561198005573219,Recommended,282070,13371800,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,DrLoco,"Although the concept itself seems very simple, this game has so many layers and random factors it keeps surprising and keeps it interesting. The random generator also ensures a lot of replayability.Every click, every decision, every action, ... it sets your mind at work. An absolute recommended one, this game."
76561198065863772,Recommended,282070,13371873,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Vallcuri,"Excellent simulator. Very fun to play. But more importantly, its very interesting to see how the characters evolve. sometimes the frustrations of the characters truly become the frustration of the player. The game can sometimes be immersive in its simplicity."
,Recommended,282070,13372197,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ScaryGary,Get Ready to grab the  tissues oh man
76561198135391799,Recommended,282070,13372464,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,pellen,"Absolutely brilliant!When I bought this game I spent 4 hours playing continuously and I  stopped only because I had to go to sleep.Why? Read more.The game is really unique, if you like cheerful stories or running with guns killing everybody around this is definitely not the game for you.It has unique really gloom atmosphere, the atmosphere of war, lack of hope, food and safety. You will feel vulnerable and weak but you will do everything to take care of your characters and build environment which, you hope, one day may slightly resembles normal life. You will scavenge, trade, fight, build new tools.It is fantastic lesson of empathy. You feel responsible for your group and very often you have to make dramatic decision about other encountered characters such as:- should I give a food to a man who is starving even though my supplies of food are quite scarce?- should I help my neighbour with protecting his house against soldiers, risking life of my character or maybe I should  left him for a certain death?- can I steal the food from house of some affluent older couple to help my group survives next day?- should I trade with the brave doctor in hospital or should I give the food as a gift?This game is also great lesson about the reality of war, you will be grateful again for having comfortable bed, safe surroundings and no problems with basic supplies. Especially now, when war is really happening in countries nearby.Technically, the game is also fantastic - great audio and video.I definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,282070,13372614,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,jetcutter,"Surreal, nuff said."
,Recommended,282070,13373497,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Nickle,"Worth if for about $10, the thing that bugged me the most, was a recent addtion to the home beat one of the old survivalists, I starved him to death as punishment.Actual game... its sims warzone add on."
76561198141685399,Recommended,282070,14058585,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,carlikay13,LOVE this game. You can't just go into it guns blazing. It makes you stop and think about what's important in a survival situation and makes you think about the decisions you make! just buy it...right now.
76561197993019647,Recommended,282070,14058744,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,xyon,"I've never played a game that grabbed my attention like this nor evoked such strong emotions. You feel as though you are in the very situations with the survivors, far more than any other entertainment (movie) or grame. A style of gameplay that is not seen often (or ever seen) and is such a refreshing surprise. You are faced with problems to solve, risks and rewards to weigh, people's lives to save or take. If you want to know what it's like to have to survive, this game depicts it very well, I think."
,Recommended,282070,14058872,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sergeant Mufflebunz©®™,"This War of Mine provides a unique look at war. Instead of being the heroic soldier, you are the victim, forced to make horrific life or death decisions. Every choice you make is morally questionable. For example: Some children come to your door, they ask for medicine for their sick mother. Do you give the kids the medicine? Even though you know, your people may become sick soon, and if they do, will have you have enough supplies to save them? Or do you keep the medicine? Do you let the little children's mother die, and as a result probably them with her, just to save yourself? This is only one of the many choices you will have to make in this game.As far as gameplay goes, it fairly simple. Think of it as a Sims type game. By this I mean, you have 3 or 4 surviviors, and click on each one to make them do tasks. Such as cooking, sleeping, eating. The game only gets ""real"" gameplay at night. This is when you have to go to other locations in the city and scavenge for supplies. You click where you want your character to move, but have to silently navigate around, so as to not alert any possible enemies. All this while looting piles of rubble, and stealing from peoples cabinets.In short, this game is incredibly difficult an depressing, while at the same time, fun, and rewarding if you manage to save the lives of your crew, and others. Get this game, or you will be missing out."
76561198026835848,Recommended,282070,14059874,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dark Angle,A barrel of laughs 12/10
,Recommended,282070,14060518,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Jmac,"Loved it. Really good short-game. Failed three times and thought the game was hard, then survived on my fourth attempt untill the war was over and wanted to keep playing. Makes you think about a lot of things. Makes you feel. I think they could really expand on this game and make it more than just a short story. Couple of crashes and minor bugs."
76561198060098738,Recommended,282070,14061053,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,lintianhai,"Very novel and interesting, but a little bit difficult. Maybe this game truely want to teach us life is hard and full of bad consequence."
,Recommended,282070,14061059,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sofes_,"Let's just say that this game should not be a game, it is wrong on so many levels. Yet I thoroughly enjoyed it! This is quite possibly the best game i have ever played of its kind! I hate myself for some of the things that i did....like robbing a hospital....My hours may not be up there, but the amount of time i have played offline is insane!!11/10 - By far the best game."
,Recommended,282070,14062291,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Alicazee,Best score was 28 days. Came down to Katya alone at the last ~10 days since the rest left or died. Had to kill an elderly couple to take their supplies and survive. Katya was devastated and killed herself the following night. 5 stars.
,Recommended,282070,14062689,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,♥ 可愛い ♥ ツ,Its good
,Recommended,282070,13933648,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Rosstafarian,"This is probably the best game I've played in the last 12 months.-punishingly difficult-combat is risky as hell, leading to very tense encounters-the characters really grow on you (Bruno and Roman are the heroes we need but don't deserve)-very atmosphericI feel like a lot of the reviews overstate how emotional the game is for the sake of upvotes, but you really do tend to get invested in making sure whatever characters you got for a playthrough end up surviving. I've done different playthroughs so far, and will be finishing my fourth shortly.If you like survival games and/or roguelikes, I would highly recommend this game."
76561198090277717,Recommended,282070,13935134,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,noob ferguson,"This game inspires epics (such as the one below -- modified from my original forum post) and touches lives.After my first playthrough of this game -- in which my poor survivors were harassed constantly by ruthless thugs and bandits when they weren't being ravaged by the cruel hardships of famine and depression, only to be mercilessly killed off by cold (or in my last survivor Bruno's case, by his own hand) all in a mere 25 days -- I was shell-shocked.I couldn't sleep IRL.  When I wasn't plagued by grief and guilt at my own naivety in thinking I could maintain my self-image as a principled person who could make it while never committing real atrocities, the lifeless faces of my poor characters still continued to haunt me -- their bloodied or deathly polaroids scraping at the back of my skull for days.I was angry.  I was sullen.  I was in despair.""F*** THE WAR""Those words were mine.  But that was also the point when I vowed to make those words mine more than ever before.F*** the War.  Indeed.  Oh yes, I will f*** the war.I relentlessly researched everything I could about the game.  Everything I had done wrong in my first playthrough, Playthrough after playthrough I would scrimp and pinch every last material those first few nights, slowly building up to self-sufficiency each and every time, even when the game characteristically threw those tricky curveballs at my rag-tag group.Early winter?  To the furniture!  Chop it all!Murderous thieves attacking EVERY NIGHT for a week?  Every last survivor on guard; your shovel and crowbar strike as swift as the deadliest bullet!Indefinitely delayed ceasefire?  Let us find strength in numbers and overcome, acting as shining beacons of humanity!I had gotten the hang of the game.  Times were good.  I would never see those sad faces or read of their tragic fates ever again.I finally decided on one last moment of glory before I put this game away -- I would go for (what I had hitherto considered) the hardest playthrough -- Emilia + Zlata.  Not enough members to guard your few belongings (thanks to their low carry capacity) against the raids that come in the 10 days you needed to heal their sickness, and with no tangible advantages in their abilities.  (Even the Roman + Katia playthrough had... well, Roman).It was as brutal as I had imagined.  Constantly wounded and sick, while struggling to stay awake against voracious scavengers, the young women still could not bear to refuse their neighbors' desperate pleas for help.  The first 5 days were nothing if not taxing.But those words -- those fateful words -- some blessed individual had scrawled outside Our Shelter continued to drive me forward.""F*** THE WAR!""""Yes,"" I decided with dogged determination. ""I will f*** the war.""Slowly but surely, after careful management of time and resources, and devoted attention to their health, Zlata and eventually Emilia recovered from their respective ailments and, at the same time, had built up a formidable base, catching more food than they could eat and turning away increasingly violent aggressors.  There was no stopping us now.Neighbors always knew who they could turn to in the midst of the seemingly endless conflict, in which the spineless ""international community"" fretted frivolously while accomplishing nothing regarding a potential ceasefire.  Yes, it was haven.By day 25, Zlata had finally completed work on the broken Pistol, now adding offensive potential to their already respectable arsenal.  Villains, even hardened and determined killers, shuddered at the mention of ""Our Shelter"" and its heroes.  No one would be bullied on our watch, not in our neighborhood!Soon, ""they"" became known as ""Hospital Saviors,"" because even as the hospital was being indiscriminately shelled and its life-saving role threatened, ""they"" showed up every few days to donate ever-scarce medical supplies and relief.  People were in awe.  Nobody said anything, they simply looked up and watched as the member of Our Shelter walked away after quietly depositing the medicines.And then, at last, it came.  Day 32.""Ceasefire""On that last day, before the war was declared over at sundown, Franko sold his remaining ammo to Zlata and Emilia.  Apparently, their war wasn't over yet.  They still had some more trash to clean out.People would tell stories of Our Shelter and those courageous youngsters that defied the monolithic war, all while never failing to help every soul they came across -- they would tell them for years and years.As for me, I took satisfaction in just one thing.I am no longer a victim of this game, but a conqueror.  And my characters are no longer mere survivors of the war, but its CHAMPIONS.F*** the war?  I didn't just f*** it, I made it my b****. :D :D :D10/10"
76561198076673109,Recommended,282070,13935164,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,marschaser1,I read many reviews and tried to learn from their mistakes it took me 7 hours to go through 13 days i was so careful day 14 i go explore a danger place pavle tries to sneak  decides to run away gets shot in back with shotgun dies..... everybody is depressedme: F*** this i'm done........cries over my loss100/10 shots in back
76561198136056615,Recommended,282070,13936883,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MadMac86,This game is so damn addicting... Ive gotten other family members into it now. Definitly worth the price.
76561198037534739,Recommended,282070,13937130,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Chicota,"I have'nt had a game drag me in and keep me there like this one before! The simple point and click, takes nothing away and the Soundtrack is amazing. You will find yourself getting emotionally attached to your crew as you progress. I beat the game after 6 retrys and the only negative thing i have to say about it, is that it needs more time and a larger map. I beat it in 42 days(gametime), not sure if that is the goal, but at the end of the 42nd day, i was down to one crew member left and he was broken and on the verge of insanity, the rest has died of illness, wounds or being shot. Definitely worth the price they are asking! It is begging for more DLC"
,Recommended,282070,13448799,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Morealivethandead,Simply brilliant.I wish they made a mod or a version with Zombies!
,Recommended,282070,13726156,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,clap13times,"intriguing and fantastic atmosphere, thought-through game design and high re-play value!!! would actually spend even more than 20€ on this.After 42 days and nights (and ~13hours of me sitting here), this war of mine finally ended... Last survivers: pavle (my baby), a... whatever her name was? (the lawyer) and anton. Killed 2 people in total (not the eldery couple nor the priest!!!). My moral low was when I robbed the hospital... after I donated a bunch of stuff?Helped out my neighbors a lot and most of the time it was worth it. In the end, I had so much food that I could have lived a week on it without leaving the house. Was running low on wood though and it was freezing. Also, I kick-started a tabacco smuggler ring I think.Also, apparently Bruno died while being on a scavenger hunt. The thing is, I never sent him on one (because he's a slow bear)! Little bug? I don't know. I think the most useful size of the group is 3. Everything above couldn't survive somehow.WILL REPLAY.edit: managed to survive with 5, taking back what I said above"
76561198126418854,Recommended,282070,14049797,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Am a Door,Its best if you play for the first time cause you just don't know what to expect out in the cityfrom people trying to kill you or people who need your help to survive in a world where everyone needs to help out.11/10
,Recommended,282070,14050067,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Cappuchino,It shows you the horror of a war.
76561198171700786,Recommended,282070,14054364,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ROLFvelociraptor,"'Enough said. If you like games like fallout and the gritty, dark style that it gives then you'll love this survival game. Where you have to decide if you hunt for food so you don't starve to death or get medical supplies so one of your guys doesn’t bleed out…. it will keep you going for more. You’ll be immersed in a war zone where you will need to kill, steal, scavenge for your materials.   Love it!!!"
76561197973602251,Recommended,282070,14054496,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,BakserBille,Brilliant game when looking hours of gamelplay/ monies spent :)
,Recommended,282070,14064490,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,LegendaryVideoGaming,It really is an amazing game to play. I still enjoy playing it and will continue to upload more videos of this game on my YouTube channel =D
,Recommended,282070,14087977,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,mr_radd,"Trade with an NPC. Murder the NPC, and take stuff back. Run out of fake people to trade with and kill. Discover you used all your resources making weapons and raiding people. Party dies of sickness and starvation. Realize RUST/DayZ/Miscreated taught you nothing about gaming.10/10 totally redeemable internet points."
76561198063794048,Recommended,282070,14090716,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cammando205,"In all my years of gaming, This War of Mine is possibly one of the best and most touching games I've had the joy of playing.  It pits you against hunger, cold, and hostile scavengers.  It can be frustrating at times, mainly when you plummet at midgame and realize that it was because of a very obscure cause that dated back to the beginning of your save.  It's  enlightening, unique, and in my experience, bug free.  Highly recommend to anyone who enjoyed Don't Starve."
76561198014684086,Recommended,282070,13548328,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,♠Spydeor,No zomb-zomb. No aliens. Just WAR.
76561198070714929,Recommended,282070,13548565,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DieWeiseMädchen,"This game is, in my personal opinion, one of the best games that shows life at war. When you think you have what is needed, it throws something completely new at you. It plays with your mind with death, famine, snow, just the presence of constant shelling and just the war in general. You feel pain when your characters die, you feel joy when you find food enough to sustain your household for a day. Very well done, as I will rate it a 5/5!"
,Recommended,282070,13549732,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Faukx van Brabant,Great game. The art is skillfully done and the athmosphere is just wonderfull.
76561198060622875,Recommended,282070,13511381,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,XileGentro,"Realistic, steady updates, new and different  playstyles, whats not to love, only down fall becomes predictable at times. but still a very engaging game. definitely on my A list."
,Recommended,282070,13512358,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Oo Connie oO,"The game just had an update of which you can choose which characters to start your game with. The whole layout is different from other survival games and it really makes you think what you need to do to survive. Should I patch the wall first or upgrade the metal work table in order to build a hachet for firewood? Should I rob the elders but get sad or raid the millitary base but risk getting shot?All about decision making and what you need to do to satisfy your survivors' needs. It is also interesting to see which character is liked most by players, for some reason, I really like Katia <3"
,Recommended,282070,13513161,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TAR.exe,"Every year there is 1 game that unexpectedly stands out from the rest. For me ""This War of Mine"" is that game.definitely in my top 3 list of best games of 2014."
76561198019607205,Recommended,282070,13513386,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MaebeKnot,"One of the better Indie games I've played in a long time. Very fun game, though the runs feel a little to short when you know what your getting into. Game starts to feel like that it's getting to ""end game"", then the war ends. Would love some options to change the length of war, some mod support and a few more custom start options. Even without these things the game is well worth the asking price (coming from someone that gets most of their games from bundles and deep steam sales).Develop has been doing a great job of fixing bugs and adding content when possible since release. This is one of those companys that deserves your support."
,Recommended,282070,13513482,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Eddie,"It's the little things that keep people going in hard times. It's also the thing that makes this game so beautiful despite it's incredibly bleak premise. The art direction is beautiful and the music is heartbreaking. The personal stories of the characters and their journal entries as the game progresses sound like excerpts from people who have actually gone through living in a city under siege. On top of all of that, the game is very hard. Even someone completely devoid of morals will have a hard time with this game. Even if you don't have a problem killing an old couple for all of their food and medication, your characters will and they may become suicidal. But at the same time if you try to do the right thing every time, you're characters are probably all just going to starve or get shot. This game has made me feel a lot of horrible things in the short amount of time that I have played it but most of all, it's made me incredibly thankful for what I have now. This game is hopefully the closest I ever get to living through a siege."
,Recommended,282070,13515177,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dragonzflyte,"I've never agonized so much over opening a container in a video game before. It really does feel like day to day survival, choosing whether to mug an old lady, or let a friend die of starvation. The save mechanism means that I'm stuck with the stupider choices I made, which, while frustrating at first, just made the eventual survival past day 10 that much more rewarding."
76561198043111952,Recommended,282070,13516030,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KIAHL,"I would not consider this my favorite game. I would not consider this the best game ever made. But I, without a doubt in my mind, would consider this THE most important game I or anyone else could play. This War of Mine is the game that takes you on a powerful journey not only into the lives of those that survive and live within warzones but also shows you a bit of yourself along the way; the morals and values you hold dear as a person and how those stand in the face of adversity and struggle. This is a game that you owe yourself to play, and to tell others to play. If games are to be considered art than This War of Mine is Tank Man, it is Dulce Et Decorum Est, it is a thousand stories of a thousand lives struggling to get by in the pits of hell that we see in the documentaries of our past and the news stories of our present. It gives us a glimpse into a reality that we might never see in our lifetime, but nonetheless is important for us as a species to understand and appreciate."
76561198004854590,Recommended,282070,13516467,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Infantryman1,This video game is wonderful ... has been years sence a game has envoked such emotion from me... it is simple but at the same time anything but simple.. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,13517252,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Danger Noodle,"Note that the game is still being worked on, so any negatives that I mention could very well be remedied in the near-to-distant future.The point of the game is to show you the other side of all the war games that are so popular these days. You've almost surely been a soldier, invading enemy territory and mowing down waves of 'bad guys,' but I personally have yet to see another game that lets you get a glimpse of the effects of war on the people living in the area where it happens. This game does that, and very well. You have to decide what you're willing to direct your survivors to do to keep on living, whether you'd rather let them starve than stroll into a defenseless elderly couples' home and raid their refridgerator and leave them with nothing, or risk sneaking into a military compound to grab what you can and (attempt) to sneak out in one piece. It's very difficult and it should be, in both the decisions you have to make and the game in and of itself.It is depressing. You get to know the characters you control better throughout the game by reading their war journals, you slowly learn bits of their history and personality, some of them you may like, others may seem to be generally bad people, but it's your job to keep them alive. If the game ends with the deaths of all of your survivors, you're treated to something reminiscient of an obituary; did their parents learn about their death and visit their grave? Did anyone ever hear about the relative they were so worried about? Etcetera.It does a fantastic job at what it sets out to do.On the downside, some more variety in the game itself and the areas you visit would be a huge plus and greatly increase replayability. I don't know if it's in the works, but randomly generated characters with unique backstories, along with the locations that become available, would be great. As it is now, after playing for a certain amount of time you'll see and become familiar with most of the survivors that it's possible to start with or recruit.Another welcome addition (to me) would be the introduction of a couple different game modes. As it stands now, your goal is to survive until the war comes to an end. I would like to see an endurance mode, where at no point will the war end, and you get a score based on how long you manage to keep at least one survivor going. This could feasibly go on for as long as you wanted if you were skilled enough, with old cleared out buildings disappearing after enough time without being visited and being replaced by newly generated ones.All in all it is absolutely a solid game in the state it's in now, and I'm excited to see any improvements they make, regardless of whether or not they're any of the ones I mentioned here. It makes you think, and it does something that a lot of games can't quite hope to do- it can make you regret the actions you take to survive, if you really let yourself get immersed in the game world and think of the fact that real people have lived, -are- living, in conditions like this. If you're a fan of any kind of simulation, you would be doing yourself a disservice not to try this at some point."
,Recommended,282070,13518292,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Chris_Chev,"Amazing game.  Brilliant story, and completely brutal.  Im about 12 hours in, and  I'm on day 30.  Great game.  Bottom line, it is worth every penny"
,Recommended,282070,13556649,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,eakieran,"This game is beautiful in its depiction of the civilians during a war and the risks they have to take to survive. The choices you have to make can mean so much.""My man is slightly sick, but these kids are asking for meds for their dying mother, do I give them the last meds I have and hope my guy pulls through?""""What do I need this fuel for more, to keep warm or to make food so i can eat? or should I distill some moonshine and hope to trade is for more?""""I really need bandages for my nearly dead friend, but is robbing the hospital to get them worth it? could I afford to spend a night of scavanging just to get him to go to the hospital? Or should I see if I can sneak past those bandits and steal theirs?""All of the decisons you make can change the game you play, and it all works so well.The only things I would change would be to add a little more variations into some of the items, like the moonshine. Sure the only thing you could make should still be moonshine but theres got to be some stockpiles of real alcohol left? They could have different values, a bottle of beer is worth less than a bottle of vodka etc etc."
76561198011722709,Recommended,282070,13558960,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Funkhauser,Great survival game with an emotional impact.
76561198062371833,Recommended,282070,13559332,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mr.Android,"Awesome, just awesome!!! You are really worried about your party. The whole system is working pretty good. Everyone has  a special ability like fighting, sneaking or cooking for example. Their are some abilities where I don't know what they are good for.The atmosphere is so great! Just give it a try! :)"
,Recommended,282070,13559354,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ghost,"This is a must have in your libary!A thinkers game with NO zombies and the realities of surival in a war torn city. You're not the solider with unlimited ammo and limited sprint but the person hiding from war with just the basic needs of: food, water, and shelter. Surival is a must, no respawning here.There is a grity, hard feel to this game and an attachment to the characters. You walk away thinking about what you could have done better to keep your characters alive or healthy or fed.Graphics are beautiful and the controls are smiplistic enough to not get in the way of the game."
76561198136439356,Recommended,282070,13559522,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chef Excellence,is rly gud
,Recommended,282070,13560535,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,RUIИER,Rather amazing game. I'd recommend this game to every person I know.
76561197960916323,Recommended,282070,16610233,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jvecch,This game is seriously deep and addicting.
,Recommended,282070,16610720,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,♠Lord Toonz♠,"Truly in love with this game, i seriously cant put it down, everytime the experience is different this a really really amazing game and i would definitely reccomend this to anyone who likes these types of games!"
,Recommended,282070,16611619,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Venetia,"Loved this game, unexpected gem. It had a unique perspective, and a creative and very refreshingly different style of gameplay to it. It causes you to put a ton of thought into your actions, from their potential consequences, to the danger of making them happen. Finding scraps of food and supplies can be incredibly difficult at first, but slowly you begin to fall into a ""groove"", hit it lucky when taking out a base or two of bandits, and ride out the winter in relative comfort.There are also a bunch of different characters, areas, and varying versions of areas, ensuring no one game is the same as the last. Very high replay value; I'll probably play through it again in a little while.If you enjoy strategic resource management, arguing with your conscience, light stealth mechanics, and becoming highly invested in your characters' well-being, this game is pretty fantastic.Note that as of version 1.3, there are a few bugs. None of them are game-breaking, but there are 2 that are a bit annoying (dead bandits shouldn't have private property stashes that count as stealing, for instance). They'll hopefully be fixed in the future."
,Recommended,282070,16712133,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Tofuman,A nice and unique approach to war games. Very immersive gameplay really sucks you in.9.5/10
,Recommended,282070,16721883,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Manson,I love it omg
,Recommended,282070,16632754,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Foogle,"Most games depict the “awesome” side of war. You run around with your superhuman strength carrying 10 different weapons, and godlike regeneration that allows you to kill whole armies surviving with nothing but a scratch. Not this one though. This War of Mine shows you the brutal consequences should a war break out. The game will put you in the lowest point in your life and asks you the inevitable question. What am I prepared to do to survive? Will I have ignore those in need? Will I steal food from the weak? Can I kill other people, who like me, are just trying to stay alive?"
,Recommended,282070,16634412,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jacobh2929,"This game is incredible. Well worth the price, even after the steam sale discount, this game has many incredible aspects that I would like to point out.First, the loot system. Most games I have played have disappointed me with their loot system, especially platformers. However, this loot and looting system is very on point and a great way to mix things up, especially with the somewhat-randomly generated objects based on loot area.Secondly, the variety. Despite having slight repetition in looting, the game continues to mix things up with lock picking, bar sawing, sneaking, and stealing. Every night of scavenging is different and your final loot may surprise you.Lastly, the base. I love the home base, and especially all of the upgrades available. From brewing your own moonshine, to crafting lockpicks, you soon learn that there is a fine balance between upgrading production facilities, to being able to create meals to keep your survivors fed.While at first I was hesitant because it was a platformer, this game has impressed me on many levels. Great for any post-apocalyptic fan, any survival fan, or anyone just looking for a great game to waste a few days on. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,282070,18365818,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ohArmada,Stole from and killed An Elderly CoupleStole from and killed A group of Homeless PeopleStole from and killed A FamilyStole from and killed A group of fellow SurvivorsStole from and killed the MilitaryStole from and killed A Merchant and his FatherDenied food to those who needed itDenied medicine to those who needed itDenied aid to those who needed itStill able to sleep peacefully at night10/10
,Recommended,282070,18367028,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Bearded_Downunder,"Everything was going well untill somebody shot one of my people during a scavenginghunt. I went back the next night, killed everybody in the house and haven't played since. But I will play it again for sure one day"
76561198027679606,Recommended,282070,18362418,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dr. Butthole,"Great game! Got it on sale, just for fun, ended up playing it for hours.  A lot of fun, and easy to get the hang of!!"
,Recommended,282070,18362707,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,The Realest Maan-Zu,An excellent game filled with frustration and post-mortem depression 10/10
76561197986919732,Recommended,282070,18360947,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ridd,One of my favorites
76561198146655191,Recommended,282070,18361303,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,HahaCool,one the best games I ever played.  this is the sims but in a world of survival
,Recommended,282070,18361820,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,HeavyDutyDavid,Its fun
76561198046009007,Recommended,282070,18361858,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ina_Bucket,"Only when I got annoyed that my characters felt guilty about stealing and killing people did I realize that this is a game the world has needed for a long time.   It's dark, and gritty, and real."
76561198029361735,Recommended,282070,18361863,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Stoutgut,fun surviving in the war zone you have to choose if you steal from old people and your characters can be sad and they can talk out your problems you can craft items to help you survive and have to fight off sickness and hunger
,Recommended,282070,18362210,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,TH | OkayMason,This Game is Extremely interesting and enjoyable. they way your actions can affect things and how you actually have to think about you decisions is amazing.
,Recommended,282070,18362267,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Joshupleb,"This is a beautful game, the music adds so much to it as well. I will recommend this game!"
76561198100632251,Recommended,282070,18364377,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Clamps,you can git gud in it
76561198081752120,Recommended,282070,18364640,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ArthurFDU,11/10 I'm such an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ person
,Recommended,282070,18364759,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Litesh0w,"This game does a very good job of setting the somber atmosphere of a war time survivor. Everything that once was has turned into a bleak forlorn present. You really feel like your there yourself. The scariest thing in this game is seeing another human that isn't in your party. The first play through is the best playthrough, since everything is so new to you and thus everything you do scares you since you don't know what will happen, and yes, death is a very real thing in this game.9/10 I was on the edge of my seat the entire time I played."
76561198066801389,Recommended,282070,18364798,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zero Chan,"Even though this a review on playing it for about 2 to 3 hours i felt like those hours ment something. Everyday i try to survive, scavenge for supplies, make sure theres food, and taking care of everyone in my group. But after surviving only 15 days i relized all my decisions ive made impacted how it ended. Whats strange about it is that learning the world and what it means to survive changes on what other survival games bring to the table. Some elements of this game reminds me of the decisions from oregon trail and others that make u make everyday count, and making those hard decisons. What differnet about this game is that as it says outside the war theres civilians trying to survive and making hard decisons. I commend the developers on going with this decision, i really felt as if my actions determine how i will survive or ultimately end my journey. But dont get me wrong this is not an easy game and i believe thats the point, surviving isnt easy and making it more apperent in this game is what makes it fantastic. I also cant forget the music in this game, really sets the tone of the game reminding me a little bit of the Last of Us music which seems to be a good style to impliment into apocolypes or behind the war style. Id defiently recommend this game to anyone willing to make tough decisions and enjoy the feel of surviving."
76561198052224381,Recommended,282070,18365133,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,kakkako(TR),"One of the best 2D actions in game History. Its great!Tarihteki en iyi 2B aksiyon oyunlarından biri, harika!"
76561198122418083,Recommended,282070,18363171,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,gh0std3lta,This was my favorite game of 2014. The devs really put a lot of work into this game and it show. I really wish that they will make another one or a similar game. 10/10
76561198085743610,Recommended,282070,18363237,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Captain Bongwater,Amazing and fun game
76561198159841108,Recommended,282070,18363242,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CL0NETR00PER,This game is really fun i actually feel something when one of my guys die. Great game
,Recommended,282070,13154567,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[#miata]Tzimisce,"When I saw everyone taling about how this isn't a fun game, how its depressing and grim, I kind of brushed it off.Several hours in, however, I found myself just staring at a wounded Bruno limp to the water collector to reset it because Pavle and Marko were to sick and tired to move beyond a foot-drag. I just stared as he listlessly climbed ladders and then he said ""It just gets worse every day"" as the music swelled, before kneeling to pack the water collector.It hit me, the developers emotional realization of the journey of these survivors. Some remain optimistic even to the bitter end, others become sad easily. Their daily logs resonating with events.Yes, it is an amazing and cruel survival game. There is never enough of anything, and it is increasingly difficult to obtain resources. I found myself exiting and restarting from my first game when I realized it was all going permanently downhill because I didn't want to watch those guys last few days of struggle."
76561198008364589,Recommended,282070,13155020,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Arrestor,This is no ordinary game of war. This is a morbid fight for survival you'll want to experience again and again. What would you do to survive? And how much can you take?
76561197987062098,Recommended,282070,13155215,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Old Ladies,Just buy it already!
76561197998347349,Recommended,282070,13155825,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Agent 17805,The Sims in a warzone= emotional & fantastic game. The only thing that's unfortunate is there's no separate save system in case you screw up going to the wrong place.
,Recommended,282070,13156443,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Skullsmasher,A beautiful game that really captures the horrors of war.
76561197995117233,Recommended,282070,13079566,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,wempire,Love this game.
,Recommended,282070,13082103,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,VovóLésbica,"Nice for the price, and you will play it more than once. Worth it."
,Recommended,282070,13082194,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Republican Assassin,This game does an excellent job of showing things from the civilian perspective of war-time. One of my survivors was sick so I broke into the home of an elderly couple. I panicked because I thought the husband had a gun. So i shot him and took everything they had and left while his wife was weeping begging for er husband to come back. Very thought provoking.
76561198011987026,Recommended,282070,13082238,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Paulander,"Subtle, thought-provoking and beautifully dark and grim. Great experience, even though I find it a bit light on things to do/craft (in comparison to don't starve for example), it's a must buy for semi-random generated survival game enthusiasts."
,Recommended,282070,13083616,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,deurkruk,"This game is fun, challenging and sad at the same time. I could try to be a best selling author like others tried in the review :-p but you really have to play this to feel the game. Aside from the description by the author I can tell you that you are never satisfied when you play this game. You constantly think 'X should have lived, we could have had more food, why did I do Y?, why did I rob Z?'. So you keep playing again, hoping for a better outcome. But in reality, there isn't a perfect outcome. It's war, and you have to survive."
,Recommended,282070,13084010,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Azel,"Played a good chunk of this game and finished it too.  There is an end I'm sad to say, but it was a satisfying.  This survival game was really fun.Pros:good machanics for searching and micromanaging your homehas replay valueyou do have feels when certain things happenCons:limited combatbarter system isnt always fairMeh:depends on your expectations for an ending.if you visit a place and it is hostile, they should mark it on map.i wish that i was able to rebind keys cause it would have made things much easier to manage.wish they had craftable backpacks, but it might just be me not investing enough time into making in finding one.This was a fun game,  would gladly play it agian."
,Recommended,282070,13084910,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,toe,"This game is really engaging. In a non-over the top sense it really pushes the point of living in a war-torn area. There is no direct fighting the war or anything cliched and trivial. You don't know the reason the war started or if/when it'll end (I'm not up to that yet). Its just constant working against all the environmental factors.Everytime someone comes to the door, I get anxious. Its great.The art style and music fit nicely too. Nothing is over-done and the beauty is in the subtlty and execution. I lost a member of my household and was audibly upset about this. The use of real faces for player avatars is a really nice emotive touch.Its a great game and definitely recommended. Especially for those who liked the idea of Papers Please. Not similar in mechanics at all (Think more, Mask of the Ninja but less platformy) but thematically similar with a different perspective.Really cool stuff!"
,Recommended,282070,13084958,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Heimy,I loved everything about this game aside from the fact that it has a play cap :( I JUST bought a ps4 Destiny bundle and I honestly haven't even turned it on in a week because of this game.
76561198009552000,Recommended,282070,13085580,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Holy,Great Game !
76561198004508274,Recommended,282070,13085601,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Loktec,"Buy it. Yup, that sums it up."
76561198136095277,Recommended,282070,13085866,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mewboyz,Most realistic game ever played !
,Recommended,282070,13000946,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ewereth ~ Hu3,"Oppressive, tense, and depressing, there is every reason not to enjoy This War of Mine, but that doesn’t stop it being an engrossing and touching experience. It does exactly what it sets out to achieve, and is a somber reminder of the truth behind what games so often glamorize.Original, creative, and amazing, If you want to see another side of modern warfare then you should make this war yours."
,Recommended,282070,13086955,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Direwolf,"This game really hits home with creativity and orginality. It has all the aspects you would expect but with a crooked twist as you view things from a different perspective. You learn to make hard decisions and it really just pulls you in the game where you feel as if you just sentenced the old man begging to stay with you to death by saying no.You dont just survive in This War of Mine because it really makes you struggle. You never have enough food, medicine, and even coffee for everyone and the more you have the faster things can hit the fan.10/10 and would buy again."
76561198006108091,Recommended,282070,13014744,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,NotTheHero,dam...this♥♥♥♥♥♥s real.
76561198048915785,Recommended,282070,13014870,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,BOT Eavesdropping,"Human Reality Simulator 2014I believe this is a game that everyone should play at least once.The game summarizes in three word are distress,gloomy and morbid.The War of Mine perfectly delivered it message. How war effect innocent peoples trapped in the vicious cycle of mankind,Word of advice. You will not feel good in this game. Never, It only gives you a sigh of relief knowing you will survive for one more day, The game will leave you doubting every action you take.Will you steal food from an elderly couple who just wanted to survive or will you steal it or take it by force (even kill) to save your group who hasn't been eating for 4 days straight?Well, that is what war do to you."
76561198006564653,Recommended,282070,13016639,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,bangarang,"I haven't played a tremendous amount of this game but I have enjoyed what I've done so far. It isn't easy at first and in my first game people were broken and hungry around day 9. In my second game I've had more success and I'm currently on day 14, picked up an additional civilian, and have a small food stock that would last a few days without additional scavenging. I don't have any problems with the crafting system. Resources are scarce and it makes you feel desperate. One of the more intense moments for me was deciding whether or not to open the door for two guys who were saying ""don't be afraid"" while everyone but one guy was sleeping. I ended up opening the door and they were neighbors that gave me vegetables, but I was still nervous doing it. Sneaking around dangerous territory is also pretty nerve wracking.The only things that I would like to see added are the following:-Conversion of celsius temperature to fahrenheit (if it's already in, I can't find it).-Additional civilians that you can randomly be at the start.-An option to ""fast forward"" a little bit while doing something like digging through rubble while scavenging (without a shovel it takes a minute or two).-More background noises.All in all, it's a great game for the price. Well done. One tip that has worked well for me: Always trade for food when you can and get as much value as you can from trades."
76561198101887050,Recommended,282070,13017293,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Mr. Scratch,It's tough. It's grueling. It's addicting.9/10
,Recommended,282070,13017510,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Molle,"awesome, nice feeling to it"
,Recommended,282070,12985224,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,.jude,"I would say it's by far one of the best games I've ever played. But there are many cons to the game the developers should look into.1. Game length is abit short for my liking2. Character special traits should be more distinct. (Example bargaining. Katia only has an advantage of one more component over the rest in trading and the cook cooks with the same ingredents as the rest.)3. Marketplace trading is absurd. I can buy up the whole place with just one bandage4. Difficulty towards the middle and ending it is way too easy as i have accumulated more than 20 meat, 30 vegetables, 12 bandages, 15 medicine and many more stuff. (the only thing i'm constantly short of is component)5. If i have an Assault Rifle i can kill 6 armed militia in a single scavanging hunt. (I don't know if that's a good thing or bad thing)6. Cigarettes and Coffee have little to no effect on the survivors as far as i can see.But overall this game is super awesome. Really puts you in the shoes of a civilian in a war torn country. Abit pricey to be honest but definitely recommend everyone to get it.Edit: Game gets pretty hard when i played it again and again. Had to let the old man die because i don't have anymore bandages left for him. Sleeping doesnt heal wounds or sickness it only delays them. Most of the time the survivors are either sad or depressed, sometimes even broken. No more central market where you are buy everything with a bandage. Still managed to complete it."
76561198052016558,Recommended,282070,13019063,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ZaP,"Not going to write a looong♥♥♥♥♥review.Really well done game. Showing the other side to war, the civlian side.From surviving the cold to scavenging to survive.Once the war was over, i let out a sigh. May people made it :)Even the ending was good - would have liked a more detailed ending though (like your survival story)Well done to the guys who developed the game."
,Recommended,282070,13019139,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Craymate,"That is a really nice game.Because the style of the game is easy to control.And everything is close to real life,inclue the emotiom of the characterics.But it needs some fighting system to full of the game.But it`s a pretty nice give.It worths the price."
76561198088369105,Recommended,282070,13019243,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,RNumbat,Absolutely soul crushing. It's perfect.
,Recommended,282070,13019424,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Pinko Scum,"There are already a tonne of reviews for this spectacular game, but I figured that I'd add one more.This War of Mine is unlike any other game that I have ever played. The level of maturity and storytelling is absolutely mind-blowing. Finally a game that approaches war realistically. No one man army or flag-waving patriotism. No feeling of invincibility as you pump round after round into faceless enemies. Just the harsh and grim realities of having to survive something that is so much bigger than you that you have no hope of ever changing or affecting it.If I could somehow force people to play a game against their will, I would make everyone play this game. Thank you Devs! Here's hoping that you make many more games. A similar game set in WW1 would be crazy good."
76561198027840852,Recommended,282070,13019591,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,bjoern.doebel,"This game is ... different. Instead of invoking feelings of fun or self-affirmation, it puts you in the front seat facing moral issues of a band of civilians caught in a war-torn city. Will you steal the last medicaments from the lady next door to cure these headaches that have been torturing you for days? How far will you go to feed your friends? Who is the enemy? Whom can you trust?"
,Recommended,282070,13019720,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,kosta,"decent resource management game told from a perspective that sort of kind of makes it more interesting.character dialogue is pretty flat and there's not a lot of reason to care about the characters, though.  game itself is really fun"
,Recommended,282070,13019921,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Superior_Firepower,"This game. Holy crap. It made more shivers go down my spine than any horror game/movie that has come out in half a decade. One minor mistake could cost you everything. I still cant believe I went into day 30 with 5 people, huge stockpiles of food, parts, water, and meds and still didnt survive the winter all because I decided to upgrade the heater instead of making another hatchet. Arica died first from the cold on day 34. Anton, siezing his chance, stole the food and meds and left the house. This broke Boris who also left on day 36. Leaving the terminally ill Roman as a guard, I sent the severely wounded Bruno to the back alley flats to chop the place to firewood since the cold was absolutely killing this run. The hatchet broke on the first chop. Our house got raided and the last of the meds were stolen. The cold days fortunately passed and the night was calm. I got whatever we had left and sent Bruno to the hospital for meds. Succeeded only to have Roman die on day 38. Katia  were both broken and I tried my best to fast forward through days and nights to try and make it to the end. Bruno died from his wounds the next day and Katia committed suicde the day after that. This all happened because of a freaking dull hatchet.Game gets a 8/10 with points off for wonky and sometimes fail combat."
76561197972906174,Recommended,282070,13020280,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,C DEATON,"Perhaps one of the best, most engaging and unique games I have played in years.  Well worth the price and you will be up and running in no time as the basic concept is quite easy to grasp.  I have yet to sort out how to have any kind of success when it starts up being very cold from the outset, but it's such a captivating concept that I haven't really cared.*  Combat is best avoided because the consequences of any wound almost always outweigh any benefit and even a win takes a toll on the psyche of civilians that are just trying to survive.*  One wrong click can be your undoing in a fight.  Strangely, I've seen a few people that fight like ninjas when armed only with fists while my stealthy girl with a pistol stood like an idiot to get mowed down by a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with an AK.*  Could use some kind of a tool in the scavenging phase to help you remember what you needed back at home base, so make a shopping list before you leave at 8 pm each day and commit it to memory or paper.*  You can't have more than one game saved at a time.  :-(*  If you are fortunate enough to get the big, slow guy that has 17 item slots he can carry (or the former fireman that can carry 15) treat them like the most important person in the world, because they are!"
,Recommended,282070,13020676,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CivFoX,Best Human-Being War game ever...
76561198123750907,Recommended,282070,13020877,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,EyesHerEndHer,"StorySomewhere in what appears to be an eastern European country, there is a war going on.  You are in a house that has been shelled to rubble and need to survive with 2 other people.  Not only are there still insurgents but there are other victims in your city doing whatever it takes to stay alive.  It is an absolutely bleak tale about the horrors of war but one that needs to be told.  While playing games like Call of Duty, we get to experience the excitement of destroying enemy combatants.  The repercussions of rifling bullets through the streets and throwing grenades in people’s homes is never considered.  War is fun in those games.  In this phenomenal game, war is not fun.  War has ruined your life.  Even after the war has moved on, your own personal war to stay alive wades on in the cold gloomy debris of your former city.VisualsThis War of Mine uses a slightly surreal art style.  The dark gray, gloomy environment has real tones, but the appear to be blended with a black and white style sketch.  The morbid backgrounds and dreary color palette help the user sink into the depressing atmosphere of war.  The dark dreary days and even darker nights, start to get depressing and that is the point.  The night time scavenger runs to steal supplies and food are dark and scary.  Not knowing what is just around the corner truly captivated me in this game.  Sure I was scared to sneak through the next door for fear that I may be shot and killed.  On the other hand, if I don’t sneak through that door and grab supplies, I will have a long slow death.  And I will let down my housemates that are depending on me to bring back food and supplies.  Few games have managed to make the fight or flight decision terrifying no matter what you choose.  If you choose avoid a sneak attack in Metal Gear, so what.  You go another way or blast your way through.  If you choose not to sneak through a house in “This War of Mine”, you go home and watch your friends starve to death.This War Screen shotAudioThe soundtrack to this game matches perfectly with the environments that I just described.  During the dark and dreary daytime scenarios, a slow somber melody plays.  It doesn’t inspire you or bring any kind of joy to your sense of hopelessness. If you lucky, you have built a radio and catch a classical music station so you don’t feel the same sense of loss as your characters.  When the night time comes. you get a chance to go scavenging.  The music changes from the somber to the frightening.  The composer does an excellent job of creating that horror movie style fear about what may happen just around the next corner.  Nothing like going from wanting to kill yourself to thinking someone else will.  Hidden behind all of these notes are the sounds of bombs and bullets sailing through the city.  There never seems to be any rest or haven in this terrifying game.ControlsThe game does not have any elaborate controls or any kind of sophisticated action that requires skill with the controls.  It is simply a point and click survival simulator.  It does help to plan out your tasks for the day so make sure that when you click on one character to work on making a bed you have another character removing rubble or cooking food.  There is only so much time in the day and you can only last so many days without food, water and shelter.GameplayYou start the game with three characters.  They each have a different set of skills.  One may be a good cook while another is a decent fighter.  You have to maximize their one skill in order to survive.  If you do not survive, you get to start the whole game over with three new random characters.  This time you may have a fast person, a decent scavenger and someone that lifts your spirit.  Throughout the day you are going to use your 3 person team to sift through your house and collect materials.  Build the tools and furnishings that you need and prepare for the night.  As night falls, you need to decide who is going to stand watch, who will scavenge for more supplies and who gets to rest.  If you don’t rest, you will be too tired.  If you don’t stand watch, you will get robbed and possible hurt.  If you don’t scavenge, you will run out of food and supplies.  Trying to balance all of these tasks is what the whole game is about.  If found that the amount of time spent for each day and night was just the right amount to keep me addicted for hours.  I played until 6 AM the first time I played this game because I always wanted to get just a few more supplies at night.  When day came, I wanted to cook just one more meal and make one more improvement to my house.  I couldn’t give up on my team.  I truly wanted all of my characters to survive.  I stayed up all night to make sure that they did.OverallThis is a must play game.  It absolutely gripping.   The game is the perfect foil to the SIMS.  Instead of struggling to have the best parties, the biggest home and the most money, “This War of Mine” challenges you to see the sadder side of this planet and what it is like just to stay alive.  It is also the perfect antagonist to every war game out there that makes shooting, killing and destruction fun and shows you that it is not fun for everyone. Everyone needs to see the terrors of war and this game masterfully sinks the user deep into that world.For more go tohttp://brick-media.com/war-mine/"
76561198044434872,Recommended,282070,13021351,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Brdwaydog,The game is good. Worth The money. I wish there was more starting locations/Chars though. And Maybe some new scenery.Overall It is a solid game w/ replayability.
,Recommended,282070,13021579,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Gravedigger Mordekai,Very well done. Got addicted to this. Can be tough the first few tries. But well worth it. Definitely will play it again in the future to see different outcomes. Combat is not the focus of this game but can take a bit to get a handle on.
76561198069486306,Recommended,282070,13021890,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Franky92,"Killed Aleksey, saw his parents in despair over his dead body, cried in the corner for the rest of my day.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13022518,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Vivian 'Ria' Leberu,"What I was initially attracted to in this game was the artwork and the concept. Most games about war tend to focus either the soldiers on the field or the commander at HQ planning strategy and tactics (both I love very much). ""This War of Mine"" is quite different, as many other reviewers have stated.You take charge of a number (anywhere between one to four) of very vulnerable, cold, potentially sick/hungry civilians caught in the middle of a civil war, and your only goal is to survive. You have a decent amount of supplies throughout your starting house, but you'll quickly find that you will need a lot more than what you have to even make it the first few days.You'll find yourself making the choice between who gets to risk their life scrambling for supplies at night against potentially miliatry patrols and other equally desperate civilians, who gets to sleep in hopes that the headache they have won't become a persistent and deadly fever, and who gets to stand guard watching the many breaches within your home armed with nothing but a kitchen knife to fend off invaders. You only hope that whatever you bring back the following day will be useful enough to build defenses, crude heaters so that your roommates don't freeze to death, and maybe small bits of luxuries like armchairs and radios. You'll need to manage hunger, depression, sickness while making hard choices out in the field. Do you want to steal from the defenseless old couple with a marginally stocked fridge? Do you want to take on heavily armed bandits, sneaking up and hacking them down with a homemade axe? Do you want to give away food to a desperate set of children with a sick parent?Every choice will matter, and by the end of the game (and you don't know when the way will end), you will reflect on the decisions you made, good or bad. I find myself heavily engrossed in this game, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,13030861,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Sephymuffins,I killed an elderly couple for their water - it left me feeling broken inside.10/10
76561198138618732,Recommended,282070,13031942,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ilovesoccer99,i was just wondering what happens when you search out all the places??
,Recommended,282070,13034301,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Dahpix,"I've never seen a great game like this ... it shows us the brutal and bad side of the war! The drawn and thehatched background the depressed feeling, how bad war is, is so incredibly over that I realy don't know what I could else say to that game!"
76561198022296391,Recommended,282070,13034477,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MacAttack,"Kat is almost completely unresponsive.  Bruno, all he does is sleep.  No one has seen Pav for over 2 days since he offered to help a child find his mother.  for the first few days, it seemed like gravy.  We even found a guitar to play and a bottle of cheap booze.  We were content to ride this speed bump out.  Well, obviously, we never read the survivors account of Stalingrad, and trying to survive with our bare hands.  This is the toughest time and most depressing time I've had playing a ""game"".  Those poor old people, ...what did I do to them to get in their kitchen?  It's no wonder that Kat can't even move anyore and doesnt even acknowledge our presense, she just sits there with her head in her hands....well, I""m going to try to sleep, if we don't find some food tonight scavanging, ...well, I don't want to eat one of the rats that are looking at me like a meal......."
76561197971019883,Recommended,282070,13034635,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Jurino,"An addictivly depressing game!  If the setting won't get to you the actions you might have to take will.  This is not a game you want to take lightly, as many other people have mentioned.  It deals with the contents of war from a civilian's perspective.  And believe me when I say this: when times get desperate, you'll have to make desperate decisions.  Due to the randomness at the beginning of a new game, sometimes the whole situation is never in your favor.  I've had instances where crime rose fairly quickly in the first few days, resulting in many supplies being lost and many characters getting hurt.  Other times you get lucky and things don't quickly deteriorate.  All in all really recommend buying this one.  It has a believable setting, compelling characters, and great replay value!  Just brace yourself; it will be difficult and unfair at times."
,Recommended,282070,13034764,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,你是鋤頭,10/10 would play again
76561198056843351,Recommended,282070,13034825,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,WeirderChimp53,good game
76561197997485806,Recommended,282070,13035041,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Anyone,"I will stop to play before to say to my wife ""I'm comming, just one more day...""9/10"
,Recommended,282070,13035119,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,LiddoTheGamingBiker,Finally a game that actually requires you to think! and manage your resources and supplies!!!just hope the whole game isnt so ''rinse and repeat''still good atmosphere and well thought out gameplay8/10
,Recommended,282070,13035151,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,{SS}Adultclitler,"This is like the mans version of the sims.It is really well done and plays like a point and click platformer with survival crafting system and micro management of your peoples wants needs as well as improving on your houseThe theme is great it captures the mood perfectly of despair hoplessness ect ectIf you are a fan of ""The Road ""(movie) or like fallout type genere post war scenario youll love this extremly depresing gameIt is a very serious game and in no way glorifies anything  such as adding in hollywood type fight scene,its hard hiting simulation of how it might be if the world goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥I rate this game 9.2 out of 10 based on my short playthrough of 4 hrshere is a play through by total bisquitehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNNAdTAM5os"
76561198030942079,Recommended,282070,13036020,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Babbity Puss (Mr.Fox),Love it! I havent played such a captivating and fantastic game like this in years. Buy it. 10/10
76561198030232122,Recommended,282070,13036326,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,aBoysTouch,Slanging moonshine until bandits steal my cropsHave no weaponsNeed resources to get revengeGo down the street to an unarmed elderly coupleChop their furniture down in front of them for woodUse wood to secure my houseNeed more materialsSteal medicine from same old couple the next nightSell the meds to obtain knifeUse knife to stab bandit to deathSteal his gunBallingReturn to old couples house to return stolen goodsFind them dead in their bedChop rest of furniture down for firewood
,Recommended,282070,13036631,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Strife,"Bought this game after lruking around pirate sights. Ended up seeing one of the devs from 11bit commenting on there. Very nice person and she gave out a few free keys. I bought the game after trying it and liking it as promised. I beat the game surprisingly (survived). It was really tough none the less. I made it to day 40 without having any sort of conflict with the military. I JUST had enough equipment to take them on! Bummer!  I was hoping it to be a little longer, maybe add a more lengthy difficult option? 40 days is kinda short once you beat it the first time. 9/10!"
,Recommended,282070,13037342,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,GODDAMN ISLANDER!,I played this game for about an hour and used DayZ logic to survive... didn't work. I saw a man with an AK47 and decided to Rush him with only my fist and was gunned down. (Pavle died) I  saw an elderly couple and I made Bruno beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the man and then nailed the old sick woman in the face with my fist and stole there medicine and food. Karma came back and I was raided which injured Katia and i lost a bunch of supplies. Bruno couldnt be a man and handle what travesties he had done so he slit his fat neck overnight leaving just the girl. The girl then killed herself the following day. Would cause PTSD again 8/8
,Recommended,282070,13037768,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Surveyant,"I recommend this game, but get it on sale.   It's a lot of fun, I guess it has some weird moral message, but it's not as in depth a game as you'd expect for shelling out a solid $20.  You don't need half the buildings you can aquire, getting the resources for all of them is very difficult in the time frame, and not necessary since it's very simple to survive if you loot efficiently (get the fireaxe early on and loot the crap out of furniture before it gets cold, never eat your vegetables outside of a double meal, it's okay to starve off players who don't offer useful skills while grinding them out on guard duty).  If this is on steam sale for 5-10 dollars snag this one up!"
,Recommended,282070,13039044,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,zel.,This war of mine takes the cake. only instead of cake you get mouldy vegetables and rat meat cooked in a jury-rigged stovetop in ice cold weather. I meant that in a totally good way.
,Recommended,282070,13039047,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Pish,"A realistic, sad and thrilling depiction of how war goes to everyone else other than the government. This game features murder,♥♥♥♥♥♥ suicide and other grisly results of war. It really shows how bad it takes the toll on some people for something like forcibly killing a couple of peaceful survivors just to make it to the next day or two."
76561198161799618,Recommended,282070,13006428,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,forcefieldkid,"I had already scavenged the supermarket on a previous raid, finding it to be uninhabited and with some locked cabinets blocked by rubble in the basement, I had planned my looting stragegy for the next few nights.. and so I returned with a shovel, crowbar and lock pick. Only this time there was somehting happening, a young girl scavenging in the trash - watched by a solider, things were about to turn nasty. I peaked through the keyhole to watch as the scene played out, hoping I wouldn't have to intervene - and then he went for her. Unlike some other reviewers I guess I got lucky on this one, opened the door - shovel in hand! - clanking him on the head - the girl ran - I followed - I never saw her again.Other than the feeling of The Sims At War at times - this is a fantastic game, it never lets you get settled, you never have enough and as soon as you think you have it figured out, it reminds you that there's a war going on, anything can happen.I made it all the way through with a starting four - lost two, the school teacher and the scientist - he was wounded early on and never really recovered - both were terminally ill with medicines lethally difficult to com by. They did not die until day 40 -  2 days before the end of the war."
76561197966543763,Recommended,282070,13007245,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,fRodos_,"Finally ! After 45 days I survived ! 3/6 person ended up dead along the way, tho they were helping the greater good. I felt dread, fear, agony, concern, shock during gameplay, caring for my little survivor team. On my 3rd run I managed to survive the war, the first two runs lasted about 10-14 days.Day 10-20 are the most crucial ones, and having the random factors be in your favor are a MUST, otherwise your people won't make it.The Cook guy came in handy, also the Handyman, and the Skilled Scavenger is pretty good, along with the Skilled Barter.The Fast Runner is not that useful in my opinion.Great Game, if you are looking for an exceptional experience, with not that much action, but more survival and resource management and planning, then this is it for you !"
76561198006647933,Recommended,282070,13007352,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Low_K,"This was a pleasant surprise when I bought the game. I had it on my wishlist, as I liked the fresh idea, and haven't got any regrets of buying it, even full price!The game deals with problems civilians have during a war. Starvation, warmth, morale and health are all things which need to be taken care of. this game let's you play a party of civilians (random numbers each game, but max 4 if I understand it), who need to survive until the war is ended. You must search for supplies during the night, as daytime is too dangerous due to snipers, and defend your house (automated function) while scavenging. Although it is automated, the house-defenses can be raised by boarding up the house, installing alarm systems and putting multiple people on guard.The scavenging part is a point-and-click affair, with great little features like stealth, spying through keyholes, forcing doors or aggressively charging in (the latter is not advised). The locations range from hostile to friendly buildings, and sneaking around a hostile building, minding all the sounds, is truly an exciting thing.The atmosphere is very good in this game. It is completely black-and-white and the music is very nicely tuned to the game as it is rather depressing at times. The mood this gives is very well executed and helps tremendously with the atmosphere while playing.The game is a bit on the short side; It would be more welcome to have, for instance, an endless game-mode. Furthermore some customisation of the civilians is always welcomed, although you do get attached to the characters which are pre-made (and while perma-death is in effect, it really hurts when one of them dies). But having the options to name them after friends and such, will them dying even hurt more.Another irk is the save system. The game saves, automatically when you press ""leave"", but when you try to reload the game a few hours later it either loads an old save, the save disappeared or loads a save many days back, which is rather annoying. I don't know if this is a known problem, but is rather bad when you return to the game and cannot continue. It is doable to complete the game in one session; but then you need around 10ish hours, depending on wheter you fast forward time or not.I am sure the Devs will fix these minor annoyances, but even with them the game is highly recommend! Don't delay, buy today!"
,Recommended,282070,13007569,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Nakedible,"The game is a based on resource and time management. During the day you need to manage what to build with the resources you have and how your group spends their time between resting, eating and other things. During the night you explore sites where you have to decide what to scavenge as you usually never have time to get everything. The night time sections also have some stealth elements and combat. Combat is randomness and equipment based, there is hardly any skill element to the game. The gameplay ends up being pretty fun and challenging, even though there aren't terribly many elements.All in all, I very much recommend this game - it has solid gameplay, great atmosphere and the whole setting is very captivating."
,Recommended,282070,13007632,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,boir,It's hard to stay alive in the middle of war. STOP WAR.... please....Awesome games! 9/10
76561198056695587,Recommended,282070,18375613,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Morghulis,"This war of mine was  a fun moment. it cost me a night out, and gave me a few more in. It had a small amount of replayability but very small. I was waiting for an expansion but as the the original posters mentioned, and indeed the devs...This is it...thats all you are getting..so long and thanks for the fish... Dont reduce it to 1.99 sale .... stay loyal to the people that paid the price....Will come round and set fire to you whilst  eating beans from a rusty can. Oh btw the guy and the kids are ... dead.... sorry but it was too cold to get out of bed and answer the door...Plus it's my medicine so bugger off"
76561198031526492,Recommended,282070,18376217,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,D1382,Slow paced but thought provoking.
76561198046270078,Recommended,282070,18369907,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,baxendale16r,good game
76561198015731346,Recommended,282070,18397772,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ExA_Sn4k3,"Do i recommend? TOTALLY YES.The atmosphere,the feelings ,the fear of getting caught while stealing,decision like "" steal medicines to an old couple? or risk fever and similar"". Every item you craft can give u an enormous benefit or penality,depending on when are you doing it. For example you can rush  beds,axe,water filters to get full of resources but if a robber attacks the house and you have no weapons ,the risk of losing something valuable is high.You'll fear and seek for  new encounters at same time,wondering if they will be enemies or give you rare supplies.just one con:there's an high chance to die at first games,and the lack of a real randomization can make all a bit repetitive."
76561197993208541,Recommended,282070,18398779,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Jimmious,"This game is simply fantastic.In my opinion it's one of the few ""survival"" games that actually gives you the proper feeling.The visuals are excellent, the music and sounds very atmosperic and while the combat system might be a bit clunky, you get used to it.Excellent experience, I highly recommend it to anyone.I'm eagerly waiting to see what these guys will make next!!"
76561198147680668,Recommended,282070,18390291,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,james.4334,"when you first start you think this is a normal game, but as you play you realise all your actions have consequences, will i save this baby, will i give this person a bandage even though i may need it later. Not knowing whether the person you meet is good or bad. When you get attached to a character and he or she dies, you feel it, when you go to the borthel and have kinky butt sex with a sofa, you feel it, with the lessons learnt in the first playthrough you will use them in the second, no playthrough is the same, will you survive? or will you die like i did by the hands of a child? maybe, maybe not, but what i do know is that war, war never changes.10 out of 10hints- when you have a crowbar, lock pick, at least a knife, possilby a saw blade and a shovel, go tot he dangerous spots and get supplies and stock up.- winter is coming- barricade the walls- dont trust himthe only con i can think of is that there isint a tutorial, this game does not hold your hand."
76561198205041548,Recommended,282070,18390523,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,JYP,"I wouldn't exactly call it a fun game, simply because of the game content and subject matter. But it's definitely an enjoyable game. I only recently got it, but I can see myself sinking a good couple of hours into it. 'This War of Mine' a very well done game that I enjoy. It's also kind of a moral excercise as it forces you to confront difficult situations."
,Recommended,282070,18390572,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,DaddyDerek,*Scavenges a random place on map with a promise of food**Hears a person walking below and gets scared**Runs like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ into the room**Finally gets bored of waiting for 10 mins for the person to go away and walks out of the room*It was only a ♥♥♥♥ing rat.10/10 would wet my pants by a rat again.
,Recommended,282070,18406309,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,tatianawrites,"Finished one of the stories forThis War of Mine.  As much as I was worried that this game would overwhelm me and leave me feeling sad, there's a deeply human element to it; you care about the inhabitants of your house, you care about their emotions and their needs.  Every small victory feels immense, and while, yes, there are losses, they aren't treated cheaply.One of the most emotional moments of play was when I broke into someone's house and knelt, peering through a doorway, watching an old husband and wife chatting in front of the fireplace.  They were talking about life before this war, life in other wars, and they had to keep prompting one another for memories.  I decided then that, even though Idesperatelyneeded to find some medicine for one of my people at home, I would not take any of the personal belongings on this property, only roam the periphery looking for garbage to rummage through.As I stood up from the keyhole, they heard me.  ""Bernard, what was that sound?"" the wife asked.  He said he would go check it out.I fled into their basement, hoping to find a place to hide -- except the door down there was barred, unbeknownst to me. Bernard walked down, saw me, and told me to leave.As I went to click on the ladder behind him, I clicked on Bernard instead.WHACKwith the crowbar I had in my hands. Again and again because once I'd started, I couldn't stop. Just before I hit this old, unarmed man for the last time, he held his hands up over his head and begged, ""Please don't kill me.""I didn't listen.In his pockets?  The medicine I needed.Feeling horrible about myself, I pocketed the medicine and continued to explore the house... and then I startled his wife. ""Bernard!"" she yelled, ""Someone's here!""She raced away from me.  She found him.  And she screamed, ""Oh no!"", knelt over his corpse, andwept her heart out.  She didn't care about me ransacking her house. She was in the basement and I could hear her the whole time.I restarted my game out of guilt.Here's the thing: in so many games, the death of 'others' is treated callously.  They don't matter; they're just pixel people who have something the player might need, whether it's experience, treasure, progress towards a quest goal, etc.  The fact thatThis War of Minemade me feel empathy and guilt towards those 'others', despite the fact that they had something I needed in order to save one of my own characters, is overwhelmingly cool.There are so many little details like the above, all of which add up to create an incredible story experience.  There's still enough 'meat' to the mechanics that I've got three papers full of notes here on my desk to help keep myself organised. This is one of thosebuy it as soon as you're able togames.What a fantastic game. I'll be playing through the other stories ASAP."
76561198014028687,Recommended,282070,18404116,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Naysair,"All the thrill of living on the south side of Chicago!This game is for anyone who appreactiates spending money to experience self-loathing. You search only at night time in a random place to dig through a trash pile with a 15 minute timer to save your terminally wounded and ill friend who looks and whines like some over privileged NYC hipster. Upon your return you continue to fill him full of drugs and bandages while everyone else starves. After he's sat there not producing anything for 7 days and has effectively sucked everyone dry of their hard labor and their health, he up and leaves because he's ""feeling depressed"" never to return. Thanks dude, thought we were childhood friends? A$$ And God forbid you go steal and kill someone with an axe because there is literally no supplies except wood and pieces of metal laying around. Everyone will become so upset that no one does anything except sit there and starve to death when you already cannot get enough supplies to make anything without pimping out to chick from down the block to the neighborhood drug dealer who has some ""mystery herbs"" that may or may not cure everyone's over night stage 3 cancer. I don't know how anyone makes it in this game long enough to build a gun in order to get somewhere that has just a few more supplies because after day 10 I started scavenging for rope to to hang myself with so I didn't have to deal with my housemates any more.Would play again!"
,Recommended,282070,18300639,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Funfest,"This is not a mere game, it is a pure work of art.A masterpiece.You see all of the actual struggles of people whom get stuck in situations like this.You must ration the food, medical equipment etc, and you're definately are going to need more and more of it.If anyone in the group dies, you will be heart broken, you have bonded to them, and seen all their struggles, and understood their backstory, but now all of it would be lost because now; they're gone.But if you manage to keep them all alive... you will be so happy you could continue on their legacy, and go back to their lives, hopefully not being mentally scarred from the war.There is one thing that gripes me about this game however, the gameplay gets reprepetitive after awhile, but during this time, you want to know more about the characters and how their life was before the war.10/10 Story8/10 Gameplay"
76561198013064274,Recommended,282070,18438343,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,O Waifu My Waifu,"This game is hard. And sad. At times, even depressing. But you keep playing. Why? Because you want to see everyone come out okay.  And you know that there is a way. It isn't easy at all, but when you get there, it feels so much better.If everything is going to hell, save yourself the pain, and don't kill off your characters. Keep your tears for something else and just start a new game."
,Recommended,282070,18437777,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,SypherLOCO,"Do not play if you suffer from depression.,Do not play if you have/are suffering from oppression.Otherwise 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,18439286,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ΖΩΗ,"This game is great. It crashed on me once, but besides that I have not had any problems. I love the strategy and planning needed to stay alive and healthy in this game. I also enjoy that it gets more difficult as the game goes on. I've made it to day 29... Will be making another attempt soon!"
,Recommended,282070,13030933,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Barack Obama,Prepper Simulator 2014
76561197987761138,Recommended,282070,18435241,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ShadowDatsas,"Nice, very hard survival game.Really different war game.Has a great and unique aesthetic.And it makes you actually care and feel your characters. It succeeds very much at doing that.Only con is that it has close to 0 replayability, but it doesn't matter.A single winning playthrough is enough and very enjoybale.I think it just added steam workshop so probably more exciting things to come!I recommend it under sale 100%! For the full price of 20, I would never buy it.It isn't exciting enough for that amount of money (for me it's a big amount)."
76561198010457037,Recommended,282070,18434819,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,_xXx_OptIKPRoSupremeFaze_xXx_,Very neice game. You should make it so that you can customize the story MUCH MORE. Like make it so that i can make the ppl fart unicorns n' rainbows. jk but srsly more customization
,Recommended,282070,18374266,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Frontschwein,One of the best survival games i ever played so far...
76561198078508576,Recommended,282070,18374714,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Exile Tom,I dede
76561198105992996,Recommended,282070,18374733,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,gorilla1011,This Game is awsome. Great story and play through value.
76561198017190154,Recommended,282070,18378205,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,sallisonhome,very fun and yet hard i would recommend this to anyone
76561197973126744,Recommended,282070,18378516,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ElectroNate,I liked this game.  Difficult to be sucessful at first so keeps you trying and is challenging.
76561198007813634,Recommended,282070,18378592,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,靈 Aura 氣 J.king,"1. For $8 bucks on sale, the game is well worth it, the graphic really makes the depth of the game stands out, make you feel like you're there in person, survivng the war.2. The game is very challenging, every choice you make may result how your survivor behave and feel, also you can't save or load back the game so it will actually be a bit hard when you first start to play but after a few try you will get use to the game very quickly since there isn't a whole lot of contents3. a lot of things are scripted in the game, most locations will have a few random possibility of spawning different types of events, like you may get this location on this playthrough but not on your next playthrough, or you may get hostle enemy here instead of peaceful traders, but each of them are scripted so not enough contents, you can easily and quickly understand every little bits of the game but overall the game is a great singleplayer game to kill time, just need more contents.9/10"
76561198159174115,Recommended,282070,13101215,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mate,"Heart touching game, makes you realize how brutal war is. 5/5"
76561197962874073,Recommended,282070,13101275,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Judge_85,"I've played this game for a couple days now and they only thing that gets on my nerves is how weak and feeble minded the characters are.. I mean seriously? If you're going to play a game based on survival, can't they give us some characters that actually want to survive? Get over yourself and quit laying down and crying because some old people died...It's war, people die..Maybe I've got a cold heart but I'm not going to give up because some people got hurt or killed...I'll do whatever it takes to stay alive, no matter what. Despite my dislike of the character personalities, the game is definitely different and intreguing..I guess it's barely worth the money spent on it. I might come back in a few months and play again when I'm bored..Overall, I don't regret buying it, I guess..."
76561198062785489,Recommended,282070,13056984,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,GoofyErr,"I don't play many games anymore because of the constant repetitive gameplay, same boring ceramic looking graphics or story-line so i wait.... for something different that i know is deserving of my hard earn money, so if you are reading this review, and it fits your current lifestyle then buy, otherwise don't get it because you won't get it.humbly,Takewl"
,Recommended,282070,13057322,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,KiLo,"Having only played around 6 hours of the game, I wouldn't be able to give a very complete review. From a starters perspective, I can say that the game is gripping (and addictive to begin with), it's very tense and builds drama up rather successfully. I also found, the game doesn't really teach you how to play (which arguable supports the realism), for me, this adds to the enjoyment slightly, I like figuring things out on my own and failing once or twice means I get to learn and improve my gameplay the next time. Another positive I found was that death really is appreciated, if you kill someone innocent, then your character may become depressed or upset and really contemplate what they've done. Also - if you run out of cover in a dangerous area, you're going to get shot, and death is death in this game, there's no going back (which isn't always a bad thing, with one less mouth to feed). Some games ruin the realism of a game by allowing you to respawn over and over, but here, death is certainly taken seriously. The trading system is also very handy and in my opinion nicely balanced and easy to use. Different characters/scenarios make the game seem different and real each time.As for some negatives, there isn't anything massive really, I think, even after 6 hours, the landscape seems slightly repetitive, which may change as I continue to play, but I'm not sure whether it will change drastically, I'm just hoping it does. Although I do believe every world is randomly generated so I might be clutching at straws here, but everytime I've spawned in, it's been in the same building and the buildings I visit have all been the same (with slightly different people or circumstances in each playthrough). I may just be slightly confused over the progression of the game. The combat system, well, it's not really a system, can be slightly annoying, and for me, unexplained, which is fine, because ultimately you are playing as civilians and are not supposed to be a combat specialist. Just at some points it felt extremely clunky and one sided. However, I do think the key is sneaking up on people and getting them that way, and in fairness, I was a footballer with a spade, against a soldier with an AK-47, but I did sneak up on him, however after that first hit, he just kept hitting me with his ak and frustratingly I couldn't get another hit in until I was lethally wounded.Looking forward to playing more and updating this review."
76561197977012876,Recommended,282070,13058283,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,GotCrabs,"The raw emotion this game evokes is unprecidented in any game I have played. I haven't felt sheer jubilation, such as when my neighbor, who I had assisted in shoring up their house's defenses to give them a chance against the bands of looters, brought a bundle of vegetables to my door. Nor have I felt such immense relief to find out that i did not have to face the two snipers I had encountered the previous night in order to obtain the much needed medice required to turn the tide of my friend Arica's disease.This however was followed by the most crushing defeat. That medicine did not get to her in time, Arica had passed in the night. My clan was broken. The next night Marko fled without a word. My two remaining members were sick, starving, and on the brink of breaking down. That is until Zlata, a ray of sunshine, came to our door and brought Katia and Marin back from the darkness. This tattered family of survivors clawed their way back and dug in deeper.The worst was behind them with warm air whistling through the fractured home and a new security system in place. They were allowed to sleep with relative peace of mind, which is seemingly the greatest luxury of all in this war-torn city. That is what you strive for in this game. The peace of mind that no matter what happens, you can make it to the next day.10/10"
76561198129516822,Recommended,282070,13059139,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,samanthasritualhealing,"Ok so i love,love this game! It has such potential if it was longer! just getting into it and the war was over! hoping for dlc soon! great gameplay although tough at times i love that.The random acts in  the game make it unique it can be harsh be thats what its all about,some more time or even a sandbox mode would  be good as i never had time to upgrade anymore of my items i loved it though! Best game in a long time wish there was more!!!"
76561198006969126,Recommended,282070,13059306,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dread,"My first review, its that good as to force me to give my 2 cents:Absolutely amazing game, it has the drama, excitement of sneaking, stalkning and tense combat. It has deep emotional REAL commitment to your fellow hope-to-be survivors in a siege-stricken war-torn city where food is scarce, winter is comming and sickness and evil is just around the corner. It has time and resource management, it has VERY tough material and moral considerations on a daily basis, no one decision is easy as innocents try to survive in a crumbling city where there is not enough for everyone to go around. If you take the innocent and moral approach in all maters you have a high change of seeing loved ones die of common sickness, violence and coldness. If you go the gun-wielding 'every man for himself' approach you have a high chance of instant death or drawn out death of wounds AND/OR a crumbling moral where your neighboorhood wont support you at all and most of your survivors start to question if selling out humanity to survive is really worth it and it leads to depression or worse...Very tense game, good looking and it feels as every desision is crucial as you scamble to survive and think ahead as there never seems to be enough of everything - and soon winter and gangs are heading your way..."
76561197993927789,Recommended,282070,13059428,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,VertexZero,Strongly recommended. This game is a gritty masterpiece that gives survival a whole new meaning.
,Recommended,282070,13060089,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Providence,"While the game can certainly due with additional content in some areas and help in others, it is by no means a title you should miss. The characters come with backstories and their own views on the war you're stuck surviving. Some are better suited to scavenging and combat while others are best at building and bartering. But all share the common goal; survival. The game forces you to make difficult decisions that can affect you later down the road, both directly and indirectly. Looting the homes of others can sustain you but at the cost of lives and rivalries. While helping neighbors can return a favor in the near future, but deprive you of useful manpower when it is needed most. Tough choices to be made and unforgettable calls to make. This game is worth the price."
,Recommended,282070,13060325,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Stoned Messiah,"Day 37, Everyone is terminally ill and starving. Boris, Pavle, and bruno all killed  themselves. Marko was shot during a scavenge run. We have plenty of cigarettes to get us by though, thank the lord GabeN. 10/10 would starve again."
76561198105809144,Recommended,282070,13060797,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,HCRonald,"What i like about this game is that you have to survive in a city torn apart by war, and that the survivors are no heroes, but civillians.You have to sneak around in the dark, scavenge old buildings in search of medicines, bandages, tools and so on. Be warned, if things keeps going wrong, your crew goes away and never comes back."
,Recommended,282070,13060971,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Bullborn,"Great game! Some replayability, although each ""try"" takes perhaps a bit too long. Could use a bit more variation. Wouldn't mind an expansion pack."
76561198147344560,Recommended,282070,13060974,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Wildeagle62zero,This game tryhards. So if you dont like restarting alot or dieing. Dont choose this game. Add mutiplayer!
,Recommended,282070,13061374,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,stevit,"Sehr coole Atmosphäre. Gutes Spielprinzip. Nervt zwischenzeitlich nur sehr, das immer nur ein Charakter abends Material beschaffen kann. Auch leider etwas kurzweilig."
,Recommended,282070,13061460,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,fuzzy,"The game is beautiful graphically and atmospheric via ambient sound and classical music. You get a really deep plunge into characters' feelings but I'm happy it's finally complete.I missed the save-game feature, so I had to copy game state files to a safe location every morning.I think the game is overpriced, though I have enjoyed it."
76561198033423412,Recommended,282070,13061676,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,derLoko,
76561197967819411,Recommended,282070,13061821,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Novakaine,I survived.
76561197971683832,Recommended,282070,13061981,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The Sauce,
76561198034381267,Recommended,282070,13062537,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,TheOverhuman,"Damn good! This game sucks you in, doesn't pull any punches, and leave you satisfied and intruiged."
76561198054514813,Recommended,282070,13062569,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,darkniteofdeath,Great game. But I can see if getting old. I really hope they add new stuff to it.
76561198009011774,Recommended,282070,13039203,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Littlelongy,"Playing this game at time is like standing in front of a mirror to your soul. I'm sure the game itself would stand by itself if you ignored all the detail and played it as a straight kill-or-be-killed surival game. But it isn't.There is no Karma mechanic. There is no large in-game punishment for killing innocent men and women. But as the situation gets more desperate, if you're nice, your survivors will die. If you're not, prepare to have to reconcile your actions with your own conscience.it's a very solid game that will show you a side of yourself you may never have seen before. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,282070,13039863,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Pol-P-Pol,I never seen any of kind of this game before!Most of war games are about killing others but this is about survive.
76561197991904934,Recommended,282070,13039958,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Gladius The Damned,This  game is masterpiece.  It will provide  rare and unique experience.
,Recommended,282070,13039996,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Crybaby™,"""This game is a real gem.Yes it's depressive, and that's the goal of it:""War is delightful to those who haven't experienced it - Erasmus"".Your characters will suffer in this game. When you think you have enough food, materials or water, something will mess everything up.As your character slowly falls into despair, you eventually get in the same mood. But you'll still want to play, because you have hope you can make it through the war.Brillant. 10/10""sums it up perfectly"
,Recommended,282070,13040363,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,hymla,"A good game in every sense. A wargame with a different aspect, a survival game without zombies.Moral choices which actually feel. Constant lack of equipment forces the player to think about every decision.Great visuals and audio.The player is in for some depressing stuff.Will play again, 8/10"
76561198026828601,Recommended,282070,13040380,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,novicez,It's The Sims meets Don't Starve tackling about the grim realities of war. Random set of survivors + events gives this title replayability well worth of its price tag. Not for people who easily gets depressed.
76561198102218160,Recommended,282070,13041048,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,The Gray Knight,This game will make you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,282070,13041195,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,RAAAAGEEEEEEEEE!!!!,"Creates a full-spectrum ""war is hell"" feeling, where nothing is really fun and you can't press X to pay respects."
76561198004324268,Recommended,282070,13041310,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Jkaen,"It's an intersting game, but to be honest I would wait until it hits the sales before picking up"
,Recommended,282070,13041450,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,FATGUYSAY,"You're surviving a war, but not as a soldier. Having to scavage for items is the main way to survive, but making difficult choices makes the game even harder. Mirco management is involved as you must know how to use the items in its most effective way.  You also control survivors as they need have their own needs such as hunger and medicine. This game is worth the $20. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13042136,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Garbageman,"I enjoy this game, but its appeal isn't for everyone.Prepare to be frustrated, doubting your decisions, and evaluating your morality in order to survive."
,Recommended,282070,13043050,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ToothlessRebel,Actually a very good survival/resource game. Reminds me of a more interactive Don't Starve.
76561198061031764,Recommended,282070,13043336,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,phoenix55082,good game
,Recommended,282070,13043724,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Hoeser,"Unique, engaging albeit a little short. Wish there was an option to continue beyond 45 days. Definitely something different and enjoyable. Highly recommended."
76561198024628486,Recommended,282070,13043832,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,"Earth, Wind, and Fuhrer",Never kill traders it is not worth it!
76561198008973226,Recommended,282070,13044009,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Marine03,"Awesome game,  Not a big fan of single players but this one kept me playing for days"
76561198094243669,Recommended,282070,13044320,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Bus Driver,"well my first successful playthrough, 2 dead but 3 remained, i survived by raiding the military outpost and the Brothel and none of my people seemed to care that i murdered any of the people living at those locations... i would like to see randomly generated characters and worlds, but other then that this game is incredible."
76561198027927467,Recommended,282070,13045389,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,xociopath,"Where to start.I wont review the soudn and visuals, if you ask me they are great. Love the art style actually.Learning curve isnt brutal, but no tutorial to speak of. You will learn through trial and error. Utilizing your starting resoureces accordingly in the first few days can make or break you. Its definetly harder to survive in  the winter. While Areas are generated every new game , theres a feel of some consistency (not a bad thing). So after a few play throughs you have a good chance to expect a certain npc willing ot trade or a certain craftable item to aquire. Learning the areas isnt all that dificult. Certain Playable characters are definetly more valuable than others. Which ones those are depends on your style of play.  Dont be discoraged if a player dies, think glass half full. Usually you will maintain enough resources for you characters. If one dies it just means your surviving characters have a better chance now with more rescources. Weapons may feel o.p but i still beleive it keeps the game centered on its main theme of surivival. That being said there are a few aspects of the game that should hvae had more of an affect on survival but after a long play through i can see why water wasent given more of an inportance. A crowbar in the right hands can be just as deadly as a shotgun. Weapons in general are better used as tools and defense. Dont be afraid to say no. Theres no right or wrong. Just survival.At risk of this sounding like a strategy guide ill end it here. Play it is a really good game. Have fun."
76561198106610038,Recommended,282070,13045887,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,LegacyElite84,"This is a merciless environment of a game. A majority of those games out there do a very good job at keeping the characters supplies filled to the last drop. Here, all of that is stripped away from you. The life choices presented are real, and really makes people question how far they would be willing to go to feed someone who is starving.Warning: SpoilersGoing off of my first play through of getting through it all. Things were bad from the start, and supplies were always needed. Around 15 days in things started to become a little cozy and I was just starting to get a grip on everything. Then Palve got gunned down. Day 22 some children come by asking for food, but I can't give them any simply because we didn't have any.30 days in, and it's cold, to the point where I can't keep the house warm enough, even with two heaters, and supplies are non-existent. Everyone is sick. I lose Boris due to sickness. Day 38 is when I can't scavenge anymore because the rest of the party is too sick. Days 39, and 41 I lose Cveta and Zlata from the sicknesses they had. It's hopeless.On the 42nd day, only Anton is left, terminally ill, but food supplies are decent. That evening the war ends. The struggle is over."
76561198120540019,Recommended,282070,13045896,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Joshua301,I think the games is vary cool it can be a bit sad at moments its a grate game
,Recommended,282070,18545617,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,nomadiqueMC,"So I've only played this game for a short timr, my first run through. Fairly unsuccesful, I guess, but lots to learn.What to say about it? Intense! This game is amazingly intense and mindbending. I can imagine that some people who play it could be incredibly affected by it.Certainly one of the most unique games I've played in a long time. I'm a fan generally of point and click, platform style puzzle games, but even that doesn't really sum up what's going on here. It's not so much puzzle solving as problem solving - amazingly real world solutions to genuinely real world dilemmas. Rather than treating it like a computer game, you genuinely need to think about each issue as it arises as if you were facing it in real life. Any concessions you make for it just being a game will see you face some pretty horrific consequences.I can see myself racking up many, many more hours on this."
76561198073446384,Recommended,282070,30567115,Posted: 17 March,all,MoonMan,"Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows,Everything that's wonderful is what I feel when we're together,Brighter than a lucky penny,When you're near the rain cloud disappears, dear,And I feel so fine just to know that you are mine.My life is sunshine, lollipops and rainbows,That's how this refrain goes, so come on, join in everybody!Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows,Everything that's wonderful is sure to come your wayWhen you're in love to stay.Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows,Everything that's wonderful is what I feel when we're together,Brighter than a lucky penny,When you're near the rain cloud disappears, dear,And I feel so fine just to know that you are mine.My life is sunshine, lollipops and rainbows,That's how this refrain goes, so come on, join in everybody!Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows,Everything that's wonderful is sure to come your way'Cause you're in love, you're in love,And love is here to stay!"
76561198068973644,Recommended,282070,18543084,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Professor Dickbutt,"This game isn't about action or being a hero, it's about realistic survival. It puts you and your group in the midst of a brutal war that has ravaged a city and plumited it's citizens into the depths of depravity.  It's about you and your story, whether you die trying to survive or meraculiously make it out alive. You have choices to make will you steal from the elderly couple just trying to go on living a normal life? Or will you try to sneak into a bandit house and risk being shot? and make no mistake if you are shot you will die, usually 2 bullets is enough espicially if your character is weak. If you do manage to escape you will most likely die from bleeding or sickness if you don't have the proper meds or bandages available. With a riveting story along side brilliant artwork, I highly recomend you check out this hidden gem.Stories to be told:  Day 14:  ""I wasn't prepared for what I saw when scavanging the market. A young girl was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a soldier, and all I could do was watch.... why couldn't I do anything...Day 15: Cveta thinks we could have gotten supplies from somewhere else... but I had to steal from the elderly couple, we are in dire need of meds, we can't have pavelle die, he is sick..Day 16: The elderly couple died without their meds.... I feel terrible..Day 17: Cveta claims we shouldn't have to kill to survive, I did what I had to do. Infact I'm glad I killed them! They were bandits! they deserve to die!Day 18: The bandits I killed were not bandits, just a family trying to get by. How could this have happened..."
,Recommended,282070,30566621,Posted: 17 March,all,Spearmint,it's not the war game that u want it's war game that u need!
,Recommended,282070,18666907,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tavern,Keeps me coming back for more.
76561197977416122,Recommended,282070,16611926,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,elliam,"Frustrating and bleak.Your people take 'meds' for their sickness, but it doesn't help. Bandaged wounds unravel themselves overnight. It tells me that resting in bed is helping recovery, when most of the time it is not. Repairing your hovel doesn't seem to keep it any warmer, nor does building muiltiple furnaces. Also, another music track would be nice; maybe when I build a radio it can actually play a few different tunes. Oh, and perhaps make the ""End the day"" area impossible for a character to stand behind (or confirm to end day) so it can't be accidentally clicked. And,  it would be nice to have a fast forward button for when I'm waiting for debris to be cleared by hand and theres nothing else to do. Finally, is sadness endless? I guitared, read, and radioed for days and these mopey jerks just kept complaining.War is hell, and this game's interface isn't much nicer. Still, you get an upboat for the concept.Edit: Excellent. When an NPC gets shot by a rando sniper, they blame me and start combat."
,Recommended,282070,18689959,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,drone110266,"Good game, much different look on war than most games."
,Recommended,282070,18551820,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ADD ME FOR GWENT,"This War of Mine is a game that portrays the lives of the true victims of war. Instead of donning military equipment and gunning down enemy troops as soldiers, you play as civilians with daily struggles such as lack of food, medicine, and a shelter over their heads. Each character was an unique individual with occupations ranging from a news reporter to a professional football player to a school principal, but somehow each one is equal in the eyes of war, fighting to survive.The gameplay focuses on the day/ night cycle whereby during the day,you control your survivors in a previously bombarded house and attempt to make it a proper shelter. In the first few days, you clear the litters of rubble, scavenge for materials in cabinets and start building comfort items such as beds. Thereafter, you build up the defences of your new home to fend off hostile raiders, while not forgetting to stock up on resources for the bitter winter. During the night, you can choose to send a survivor to scavenge in abandoned houses, ransacked supermarket/ school, or in desperate times bandit camps or military strongholds which have stockpiles of resources, but highly risky and hard to tell if the scavenger can survive the night.However, it was the decision-making that made the game good. When you are low of food supplies, do you feed the scavenger who spent the whole night in a dangerzone, the guard who got injured defending the base from a bandit raid, or the sick who needs it for any chance of recovery, while knowing there is no guarantee he could even last one more night? Do you help when someone comes knocking on your door? Do you have to resort to stealing from others so that your friends at home can survive? Do you kill when you're caught? Is there even a difference between stealing and killing in such times?Personally, the first playthrough was brutally hard as there was pretty much to learn. I was raided every night and I didn't understand why. Second playthrough was much more manageable and got repetitive quick, but I got owned in winter, when many unvisited places became unaccessible. I only managed to beat the game when I created a custom story, as I could alter the game difficulty from there. I would also like to note that you can create your own characters by importing photos from your library. This is also found in the Custom Story tab.All in all, I started playing the game with high expectations and was not disappointed. It was a necessary game in an era with big AAA titles seeming to promote the 'shoot first, ask never' attitude with little to no consequences. Highly recommended!9/10"
,Not Recommended,282070,18660411,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Denimdude (Still vaguely Stable),"Well, i guess im gonna have to be one of those that rapidly loses interest the moment they try combat.Yes, i really am not recommending this game because of its combat system. It is absolutely bloody awful, i really do not care that im controlling civilians. I do care that apparently even thugs and homeless people are apparently capable of beating a fairly fit fireman in a knife fight. I do care that the game is absolutely dreadful with ranged combat in particular as if you have a melee weapon in your inventory too and someone gets too close, they will use their gun, you will use your knife despite having a shotgun at the ready. How bad could this be? at least 2 of my 3-4 game overs have been because of this god awful system. Yes, i employed stealth, yes i even got the jump on the homeless guy. Does that matter? NOPE, homeless man kicks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the fireman despite being malnourished.Just stay away. The system is so bad it actively pisses me off too much for me to actually care about whether or not my people are happy, i seriously couldn't care less about their hardships or problems when the combat system is so broken and crappy that it turns me off from the games story entirely."
,Recommended,282070,18682865,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Moebot,"If you can get this game for about 5 Bucks it´s worth playing. The gameplay feels like ""The Sims"" in a warzone and isn´t really groundbreaking but it´s fun for some hours.They could have made a lot more out of the game but it ends very surprisingly after 40 ingame days just when you raised your starving characters to a self-supporting community and it actually started to be a pleasant game.What sucks is, that even when you made your community work out and there shouldnt be any problems, they start to beat up each other or create other problems for themselves.Those ""plot twists"" where just annoying and seamed artificial and unnecessary.Also the music sucks. So you should listen to your own music while playing it."
76561198023589606,Recommended,282070,18681104,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,(-TN-) Legion,Great story. Solid mechanics.
,Recommended,282070,18674334,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,LeeGamer,This a great game but if played too long u will started get bored at it everyday doing the same shjt.
76561198001073186,Recommended,282070,18679255,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,eDean14,"A dark, brooding, brilliantly-executed game and a stylistic benchmark for all future side-scrollers. Games are games, but war *must be* hell; this brought me uncomfortably close to what survival must be like living in the ruins of a war-torn city. I'll never know what it was like living in Poland in 1940's, but I'm grateful for this game's efforts in transporting me into a living nightmare that was all too real for some people still alive today.."
,Recommended,282070,18696486,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Lassy - DND,"Why did i cry!!! Oh yeah... Thats why.No but really, this is a excellent game made by someone who has a heart and helps charity. The combat is quirky and could be improved with the speed but thats really it. Alot of stories and since the update, players can now submit they stories that might actually make the game and some just lay in the workshop :3"
,Recommended,282070,18646604,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,AlicanC - Chlenix ON,11/10 - IGNGreat game. Feels like there is a lot of room to expand so I'm looking forward to the next version.
76561198108889577,Recommended,282070,18646616,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dakotaray12,"This changed the perspective I look at war games any more, for the good of course, but it opened my mind to a whole new world of details left out of most FPS games these days and I respect this, so GREAT JOB!!!!"
,Recommended,282070,15167547,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Super Sandy Vegetable,"A very atmospheric game. The visuals, the dialogue (however sparse), the soundtrack, the game mechanics, all contribute towards this very strong atmosphere of surviving a war. You have to deal with hunger, sickness, bandits, injuries, making your shelter more livable, as well as mental health.I suggest everyone to at least try this game, especially those into either survival games or war stories.As of now, it is 33% off, giving you even more of an incentive."
,Recommended,282070,15167691,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SithWizard,Great game.  Simple and fun.
76561198121414848,Recommended,282070,15168141,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Olamide,"Great game that can literally bring you to tears watching your people suffer... Lots of replayability with the various characters and their unique attributes; however, once you figure out what tool is the best tool in the game, it becomes relatively easy."
,Recommended,282070,15168782,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Lucas,"This War of Mine is a game about your three survivors, stuck in the city after a devastating war. During the day, snipers hunt, making you stay in shelter, but at night you will scavenge for the tools you need to survive. The games events such as people who want to help, or people who want to hurt.I am on day 17 and I have been struggling to find food and supplies. 10/10"
76561197991090913,Recommended,282070,15170013,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,sparkyxplode,Hands down one of the best and most well thought out games I have played.....would pay for it again!
76561198037198137,Recommended,282070,15170253,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,putvanleemputte,"Nice game, good fun, original.However: not really replayable, and you finish the game in about 2 days..."
76561198042399490,Recommended,282070,15171401,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mister Bread,Stole weapon parts from a school that was overrun with homeless. Katia scolded me when I returned home. Just another average day in Russia.10/10
,Recommended,282070,15172227,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,MarKo BlanCo,This game taught just me just how wicked and  bad I really am.
,Recommended,282070,15172603,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dexomus,"A very tense and intriguing experience, reliving the times of war from the survivors perspective."
76561197983232183,Not Recommended,282070,15173500,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Arrowd,"The game was quite a bit of fun and definitely a different perspective on traditional war games. Unfortunately, after I played it once the game no longer launches and their forums are full of complaints, along with zero solutions to fix the issue. So 1/10 simply because the game is unplayable"
76561198122784158,Recommended,282070,15174892,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mr. Shade,Played this for several hours instead of studying for an exam.10/10 would fail college again.
76561198123789421,Recommended,282070,15175139,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,︻ヂ◤══-●βŁŮЄƒŎX●━━╤デ╦︻,depressing simulator of 2014-15 11/10 ign would starve markus again
76561197965135918,Recommended,282070,15175296,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Headdie,"Awesome game, though not one for those obsessed with a ""perfext"" run as there is no such thing, the game is about making the best of one of the worst scenarios a person can face in the real world.You will be raided, you will lose characters, you will need to choose between bad choices, many of which are not silly popups but the simple unprompted decisions like will this person eat today or tomorrow.I would say it is the seamless nature of the decision making, along with the number of decisions per game phase without which you make without realising it, the reprocussions told and untold, combined the slow evolution of the character storys which is paced nicely making the game one of those 5 more minute games, not because it is fun but because it pulls you in."
76561198003890419,Recommended,282070,15175451,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Baalistyx,The game was tuff but fun!  I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,282070,15175544,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fordfx2,Very fun scavenging post apocolyptic/war survival game! Buy it now!
76561198028799485,Recommended,282070,15177096,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,N-Type,"We're barely making it.  But we are making it.On the even days, we cook.  On the odd days, we eat.  We suffer a day of hunger but no more, for more would incapacitate us and less would be wasteful.Every night we go out, looking for just about anything we could use.  We try to maintain a stockpile, but we're just barely scraping by as is between random bouts of illnesses, pleas for help from neighbors and friends, and attacks on our sanctuary.  We have limited options for food, medicine, and materials yet are in constant need.Winter is the hardest on us.  Every day we must burn fuel to stay warm, precious fuel that is always in short supply due to rampant looting and scavenging.  Winter brings illnesses, yet provides with plentiful water, provided we have the fuel to melt snow... but usually all our fuel is spent warming us.We're not alone.  We have neighors, friends, and unfortunately also enemies.  They are both equal blessing and curse.  We try to be good neighbors and people, but in the end, there's only so many supplies... and the strong begin to eye the weak.If this is what war is like, count me out!"
,Recommended,282070,15178099,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sammi79,"Solid Indie title with a interesting and challenging take on the survival genre. Excellent art style and sound design, the atmosphere is compelling, simultaneoulsy excrutiating, tedious, and extremely tense as you or I might imagine life inside a warzone to be.Player characters are deep and full each with believable histories, unfolding storylines and brutal ethical choices (made by you ;) that determine whether they will live or die, and how they will be affected. Non player characters are just as believable, and tactfully examine the best and the worst of human behaviour, as well as the capability for both within us all. You are free to play however (a)morally you want. There is a good amount of replayability with differing starting characters and situations, unlocks for more characters, and randomisation of events, loot, and areas. Some starts are relatively easy once the mechanics are learned, others remain extremely challenging. Developer support is strong with updates adding significant content as well as bug fixing and polishing.Another prime example of video games as art, alongside 'Papers Please' one of the best games I have played in recent years. Both from Poland :) dziękuję!"
76561197972870739,Not Recommended,282070,15178162,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Shipwreck,"I have to admit I really wanted this game to be something special but after only 10 minutes of play I can absolutely say that I hated it. The art was refreshing but the game mechanics, the storyline, and the follow through were all just miserable. I got it on a steam sale for only 20$ and I still feel like I was taken for a ride. I do not reccomend this game to anybody that enjoys the same games I play."
76561198042371996,Recommended,282070,15179097,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Crusader899,"This War Of MIne. this game is a amazing, atmospheric game about war. you play as a grooup of survivors who need to do everything, no matter what, to survive. i was split between helping a boy with his father who was dying, or making my own men survived. if i picked to help the boy, we would sacrifice meds we needed, if i didn't his father would die.9/10 a wonderfull game that shows you the real (as real as a game can get) side of war."
76561198066662635,Recommended,282070,15180171,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Stray the dog,This game is not a happy fun game it is the exact opposite get ready to feel real sadness and real fear and get ready to do anything to survive.This game is not for the faint of heart.
,Recommended,282070,16237445,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Daine Gerzone,Damn... this is heavy... just.... check it out. It's worth it.
76561198151218890,Recommended,282070,15568536,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,kamilos,
76561198048656086,Recommended,282070,16150316,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jcovington,"So I just bought this and finished my first game today (by which I mean everyone died by day 27).  I was off to a good start Pavle and the girl (Katia?) are actually content..we have beds, books, smokes and coffee, a soft comfy chair, the third guy is whiney and moaning, but that seems to be just his thing.  ""No worries,"" I think, ""I've got a handle on this game.""On day 11, Pavle heads off to the grocery store with our shovel in hand and lo- from behind a door the sounds of a girl being assaulted by a dude!  Well, Pavle can't sit there and dig around for supplies while that is going on!  It's hero time!Pavle bursts in, ready open a can of shovel-flavored-whuppings on the attacker...who turns out to be a soldier...who unloads a fist full of automatic rifle fire into Pavle's face...cut scene ""Pavle died hunting for supplies.""  It was over in two seconds.  That horrified me and impressed me.Mopey guy hanged himself a week later.Katia was blown away by a sniper while desperately searching for food at a construction site.I felt like I'd watched a documentary on the siege of Sarajevo.  This is a very different game than I am accustomed to and it is very impressive."
76561198121544571,Recommended,282070,15760248,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ex_argos_manager,fun to play and great for making your own story as the war goes on
76561198029954775,Recommended,282070,18589402,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,dannyh,Great game!
,Recommended,282070,18755740,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,The Wolf of Cyberspace,"This game is fantastic.This is the the best and most gritty survival game I have ever played.Each playthrough is adrenaline pumping. The characters become a part of the experience, so much so that when they get killed on a scavenging event or of sickness, the gamer will feel the sorrow of the remaining survivors.This game is amazing, buy it on sale."
,Recommended,282070,18755793,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Gabriel Tiraboschi,"One of the best games I ever played. Very mature, intense and addicting."
,Recommended,282070,18756102,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mountain Dew,This is awesome! even I firstly dont know how to survive and need some guide :')I guess you could feel guilty because you have to sneak or kill eveytime..... but this game was the thing that people keep thinking of the ''war.''
76561198093078781,Recommended,282070,18762077,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,✪ pork chops is sexy,a really good game that allows you to experience to life of being a civilian during war..the game forces you to plan and ration and the game becomes more difficult as each day passes.But when the war ends it is gives you a good feeling
76561197969212661,Recommended,282070,18744527,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,dutch914,great game
76561198037492176,Recommended,282070,18751899,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Earendil,Solid game
,Recommended,282070,18763537,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Scylds,"this game teach you sometimes you must be cruel and lost your humanity to survive in the dire situation.i hope Dev's have planning to expand this game (more item, maps, and more complexity)."
,Recommended,282070,18764067,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DuhMadDawg,Fantastic game. Was my second or third survival typ game that I played a lot of. I played this non-stop for 2 weeks. A must own while it's one sale.
,Recommended,282070,18785961,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,noobster,"Nagyon jó.Engem teljesen magába szippantott. Egyszerű de mégis nehéz. Sok függ a talált tárgyaktól, az étel nincs végtelen mennyiségben, a mentálisan sérülékeny emberek nagy ötlet. Isszonyatosan megnehezíti a tulélést ha mondjuk valaki nem gyujtott rá már 3-4 napja, vagy az egymás utáni rajtaütés miatt mélydepresszióba esve ücsörög egy széken.Ha jön egy uj tag van aki bizalmatlan lesz hozzá, van aki vigyáz rá.Egy poszt-apokaliptikus Sims-nek is lehetne nevezni.Megéri a teljes árat is. Akcióval méginkább."
,Recommended,282070,18801107,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,VThornheart,"One of the first games that bit me to the core with feelings.  This game effected me deeply.  Get it, play it, feel things."
76561197995992119,Recommended,282070,18788239,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,meoqw,It is very good game.
76561197997337063,Recommended,282070,18794120,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,|TM|BIGRED,great game
76561198160853659,Not Recommended,282070,18813720,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,arctic.fox.six,"Interesting game, good idea and done well but far too repetitive for its price."
,Recommended,282070,18805313,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ุ🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴 McChudy,"Najlepsza gra jaka widzialem.Pogralem troszke, dopuki jeden sie nie wykrwawil, drugi uciekl a trzeci sie powiesil.Dotrwalem 16 dni czy nawet 17.Ta gra daje naprawde mocno do myslenia."
,Recommended,282070,30587940,Posted: 18 March,all,Qwar,"One of the best, actual survival games you will ever find."
76561198041281262,Recommended,282070,18830230,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Being X,
,Recommended,282070,14732036,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BountyHunter72,"Fantasitic game, truly new and origional best indie survival game i have ever played"
,Recommended,282070,14748042,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Gibbs,"One of the few games that kept my attention in 2014. Unique, interesting and very addictive. I tend not to replay games as I lose interest but I must have replayed this at least 30 times. As soon as you start you want to see it through to the end as each play is a unique story that you make.The game gets a lot easier once you know the mechanics but there are still surprises to be had. The atmosphere and immersion is spot on for those gloomy winter days and this will go down as one of my favourite games of all time. It is a depressing game at times, like many reviews point out, but sometimes that's exactly what you need from a game."
76561198079619047,Recommended,282070,14748221,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,The Redditor,This game gives you a cruel actual outlook on war. amazing
76561198052618923,Recommended,282070,14750926,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,georgie.pie,"Brilliant, love this game!!"
76561198117855351,Recommended,282070,14379284,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,MicrobialSavage,Took down a unsuspecting soldier with a knife and shot 3 others with his AK. Will murder again 10/10
,Recommended,282070,14751739,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Stalker,Emotional Rollercoaster simulator. 10/10 would not cry and contemplate my morals again because I'm still trying to recover from my last play through.
76561198095818182,Recommended,282070,14753124,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Cow,"7.6/10Still in the middle of playing, but damn, the micromaniging and the morales mixed together is quite emotional. You inedvertinly find yourself attached to the characters, and want to see them strive, and really hammers home the hell that war bestows on certain induviduals. I like this game a lot for that. I do not like, however, the 2D gameplay: Get supplies. Build. Get supplies. Build. But I am still in the middle of playing so this may change later on.Like I said, It has an appeal with it's story. Overall, It leaves an impact on the player, thus, you find yourself coming back for more."
76561198080665592,Recommended,282070,14738963,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,T to the Bone,this game has sadness IGN 548/10
76561198166335642,Recommended,282070,14739503,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,lolomyerz,this is the most creative game i every played
76561198037961803,Recommended,282070,14739682,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,dandude1,spent half of the night hiding in the basement scared by the red blip...turns out it was a rat.went to lolcatz for therapy. 10/10
76561198047162644,Recommended,282070,14742709,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Menina Ai Carlen,wonono!
,Recommended,282070,14736751,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Airwolf,"Start with 2 characters, dont kill anyone innocent, and survive till the end.Only then do you 'win' the game. Otherwise, you might 'survive' but that isnt the goal."
,Recommended,282070,14737065,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,NIG MODE,"A True gaming masterpieceThe war of mine has amazing backstory, an amazing concept, charecters you care about and many morethis could technically be called as a simulation game because of how real this seems"
,Recommended,282070,14738247,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Bard,"This game makes you think twice about your choices, I killed an elderly couple so I could survive for a few days... my feels"
,Recommended,282070,15597063,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[DeiMam] Schattentod,"First of all, is it worth your money?The answer is most likely yes (or rather hell ♥♥♥♥ing yeah), even when its not on sale i highly recommend to buy it, it is worth every cent, penny or whatever.Pros:+beautiful Music+deep atmosphere+really touching+Artstyle is really fittingCons:-sometimes the controls arent that easy to handle (mainly when an enemy sees you and you quickly have to fight)-later in the game there is not much left to build/do than finding materials for firewood and maybee some meds"
,Recommended,282070,13397415,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cydrox,"An indie masterpiece. It combines story, suspense, strategy and survival all together. I would kill for a sequel and your own customized character, or just practically even more content. I hope this magnificent art of a game gets more attention and love.11/10"
,Recommended,282070,15935864,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ineedacoffeenow,"Put me on the edge of my seat, made me laugh, made me cry - made me think about how lucky I am IRL, definitely not for younger players, but definitely recommend."
76561198156964609,Recommended,282070,15862029,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,simonthezombie,"This is my first review of a game, the first game that I felt the need to give a review on.""This War of Mine"" is a war survival game, but unlike any other. Rather than playing a Rambo character like every other war game, you control the civilians in a war zone, trying to keep them alive. My guys lived for 18 days in my first session. A game where every choice can be life or death, whether that action be moral (helping rescue people from rubble) or immoral (becoming bandits and stealing from hospitals etc to survive). Do you prioritise food, or medicine, or try building tools and weapons to protect the group from raids? It is a very sobering experience of the real casualties of war.It is a very well developed game, the best description I can give it would be a SHTF version of SIMS, and that really does not do it justice. The graphics are amazing, and you do connect with the characters.I highly recommend it, at the moment it is £14.99, and you can buy DLC which is actually a donation to the charity, War Child, who help children to recover from war."
76561198030197901,Recommended,282070,15863759,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,leonisact,Love this game! ..Is @#$%ing Awesome a score i can use??
76561198080423834,Recommended,282070,15881166,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,pedrocv,"Great game, I love it and make you think!"
76561198037255694,Recommended,282070,15883367,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,NOONESPLAYINGMARVEL,That old couple is ripe for the picking #I'm a terrible person
76561198154671876,Recommended,282070,15923942,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Rocket,"Depressing, monotonous, soon feels like death is always at your doorstep. Makes an important point."
76561198023968915,Recommended,282070,15923958,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,gothiksoldier35f,"This game, while frustrating at times, is on my top 10. It takes war from a civilian perspective as opposed to the traditional military, combative role. What I mean by this is that you play a team of 1-4 survivors in a war zone and try to protect yourself from the elements and fend off hunger, bandits, and disease. During the day, you cannot leave your shelter due to the ever-present threat of snipers in the region. At night, you can pick from your team to guard the shelter/safehouse and scavenging duties. Sleep is also an option for most (except for those who are severely ill or wounded, at which point it becomes necessity). I find the game frustrating because, more often than not, one or more of my characters will be killed during scavenge missions as I try to get through the game with no casualties. I give This War of Mine an 8.9/10."
,Recommended,282070,16106455,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Naughty Geezer,"This game delivered far beyond the standard I was expecting, an incredible game.I bought this game a few days ago as I needed a game that would run well on a low end laptop as I am in hospital. This game seemed relatively cheap and the reviews were persuasive, but I am not one to judge without playing it myself.I've already clocked 27 hours on the game in just a few days, its that good, i'm totally hooked. I really found that even though the game isnt primarily a story driven game, there was a connection to each character, and all the hard work you go through to see one of the group die, and how the others react, really makes you think about the reality of war. Its a deep eye opening game that also has great gameplay mechanics. I didnt use the keyboard once from the moment i hit play, so great for people who are cotching out.SummaryGraphics: Awesome gritty style that isnt demanding and runs fine on my mum's non gaming laptop. 7/10Story: Characters and notes across the game give more emotion and character than found in some RPG's. 8/10Replayability: 100% replayable as every playthrough is different, although I was frustrated when I died after 25 days which is my record. 9/10Gameplay: Some more clear instructions on how to do certain tasks would be a good move as I did have to work out a lot of the gameplay mechanics myself, although all straight forward. 6/10Controls: You only need a mouse, what more can I say? 10/10Overall Score: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,282070,16109227,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,thebeggerpie,I stabbed a lady in the back and she ran away. Her husband came downstairs and killed me.Make sure to kill the wife first before raiding the house!!
,Recommended,282070,14006337,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,The Last Game Cube,Good game stabed someone in the throat 10/10.
,Recommended,282070,14017505,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,stapper,This game made me feel guilty killing a person...
,Recommended,282070,14021369,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,_arca,"Excelent game.This is not a war game, but instead a game about war. It's probably not the game you want to play, but it's the game you HAVE to play. A clever mix of strategy, stealth and demanding moral choices make for a spectacular depiction of what war might be like for besieged civilians."
,Recommended,282070,13991040,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,MC RIDE,"This game, as good as it maybe, is too depressing to play."
,Recommended,282070,13991394,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,aditpk.company,"every move is hard choice, thank you for make me cry, make me feel bad, make me feel like animal..... dire animal..."
,Recommended,282070,13709130,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,EfantTerible,LIKEITLIKEITLIKEITLIKEITLIKEITLIKEITLIKEITLIKEITLIKELIKEIT-Lost at the 44th day-STILLLIKEIT
76561198016115385,Recommended,282070,13993030,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,LMB - McChouffe,"not a fast paced game, but very tactical and depending a lot on luck (or willingness to abandon being civil).the struggle of keeping your characters alive will surely lead you to making decisions you would never expect.the game is lacking a tutorial. it isnt very hard to control. but first time round I did waste some resources because I didnt know what the best approach would be. Obviously, this could be intentional to give you even more the idea you have been 'dropped' in this war.Overall a good game, fun to play. But I am not sure how long it will keep me interested."
,Recommended,282070,13993203,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Heavens Fall,"So as you can see I've only played it for a little while, but I can tell you this. IT IS VERY ENGROSSING!! The whole concept is brilliant and the way in which it has been performed is nearly flawless. This game has me sitting on the edge of my seat whenever I play (usually for 1 hours sessions) until someone is killed by a someone who wasn't there when I went into the building and suddenly shows up and then give up. But it always has me coming back for more. 10/10 guys. Great job definitely worth the $20 (coz I missed the sale but would do it again)."
,Recommended,282070,13993659,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Forrest Dump,so kewl
76561198084256675,Recommended,282070,13993988,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Heavyymir,Brilliant Game
76561198122236240,Recommended,282070,13994827,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Biomass,omg this is not a game where you go and make a video thats funny this game is all about surviving in a war ill rate it 8/10
76561198109705870,Recommended,282070,13839518,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TungstenWizard,"Since everything has already been said, I thought i would share my favourite moment in the gameMarvin, the best builder and handyman ever, was shot when some punks came in and tried to take our things. Boris, my favourite scavenger, was already ill at the time, so that left Zlata, a music student and probably the only reason everyone wasn't completely depressed, and Emilia, the one who did most of the base work but somewhat deadweight of the team.We had stocked up on food and had some spare components, but we had few things worth bartering with. We hoped to barter with the travelling trader Franco, but no one came. That's okay, I thought, I can go to the marketplace to trade once the army stops shelling the city. So everything continued as we usually go, collect rainwater, bait traps, put fuel in the heaters, ect.Night comes, and the gods conspire against me. everywhere we could maybe get a good trade for medical supplies is snowed in, and if we dont get those supplies, Boris and Marin are going to spiral into illness/wounds that I probably wont be able to save them from. I make the decision, and Emilia leaves to go scavenging, and to finally prove she is useful, while Zlata holds a shotgun ready on guard in case anyone tries to raid us in the night.Emilia heads off to a semi detached house, where the other half has been blown up by the rebels in a fight with the army. The family living there has already shot Boris on a previous scavenging run, so there was already a grudge. Emilia uses a makeshift saw to cut through the underground grate and sneaks through to the basement of the house. After getting to the door on the second floor, its locked...well♥♥♥♥♥♥ I didn't bring anything to pick it because if i took the crowbar, there wouldn't be enough weapons to defend the house if we got raided. I have to think quickly, since it's now midnight, and I'll have to return soon to avoid the morning showers...of bombs.Emilia runs around, attracting the attention of the people living there and then hides quickly. the guard, who i will call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, comes out, and looks around for Emilia, shouting threats as he patrols past her. Emilia sneaks past  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and goes through the door she so kindly left open. Grabbing all of the food, medicine and rare resources her backpack will hold, Emilia runs for the exit, but her rumaging has drawn the attention of the rest of the family. they scream for their sister ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and Emilia runs for her hiding spot. its 3am, so I only had a few hours untill bombs rain, and Emilia might not make it back.♥♥♥♥♥♥face patrols around me, while the family upstairs cry about how they wont survive now.My heart is pumping like mad, but yet I feel really sad that I have doomed these people who were just territorial and wanted to be left alone. I mull this over while i wait for an opening, then Emilia runs like hell back home.We have the supplies, Boris and Marin eventually heal and there is enough food to last a long while. I actually manage to get to the end of the war with everyone ok thanks to that supply boost that let me get ahead. but I still remember that family that I gave a slow and painful death by starvation. Even in victory, when I had failed many times before, it was tainted by the fact that I won because I had killed inoccent people and didn't even have the decency to make it swift.And that is why you should play this game, because even if you win, you still lose. That is the reality of war."
,Recommended,282070,13840020,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Peanut,"42 cruel days it took for the war to end my first run. Some died, some survived. Sacrifices were made. This game is very immersive and gripping. 10/10"
76561197997599091,Recommended,282070,13840640,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Travis McGee,"The first couple of times playing This War of Mine resulted in less than satisfactory outcomes for my poor survivors. (They didn't make it.) About the 4th time playing, I finally got a group to the end of the war with only one casualty. The next two play-throughs also met with success. So there is a learning curve, but once you master it you have a fairly good chance of winning the game.I enjoyed TWoM, but I don't see it as something I'll be going back to play much more unless some significant changes are made to the game. Each game is different in that items are placed differently and you can play different characters, but enough of the story and survival strategy remains the same where yo don't really get that much of a sense of difference.Worth the $15, imho."
76561198019462043,Recommended,282070,13841064,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Whoever,"A really good game, you really feel for the characters and it seems as if every decision you make could mean the difference between life and death. I would say that This War of Mine is like a combination between The Walking Dead game by Telltale and Don't Starve. The style of graphics adds to the experience in my opinion. Well worth a buy if you ask me. Oh, and no bugs this far."
76561198064964089,Recommended,282070,13841207,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RedDragonFighter,This game even though it's a side scroller................ is the best god damn game I've played in a long time. It has everything a game needs. But it is repetative seeing how there is no story but is still an amazing game.THIS GAME IS GREAT AND WORTH THE MONEY!!!
76561197972759475,Recommended,282070,13841930,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,FanDam,"It's like The Sims in a Warzone. It's a pretty awesome game, I definitely recomend it for the price. My only issue is that the other places you explore are always the same each time you start the game over."
,Recommended,282070,13842105,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,HeyDaddy,Best game
,Recommended,282070,13842215,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Chad Thunderwheels,boris is too OP
76561198016947551,Recommended,282070,13842338,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,w 3 3 d i e s,Sims meets survival.
,Recommended,282070,18876533,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,PatrickSmits,"I really like this game, the first time you are playing this you feel like you are doing it all wrong but after a hour of 2 you will understand that this is a nice game. I bought it in a little sale for €8 but i dont know if i want to pay the full €19 for it. The price i paid for it was a decent price. I hope that the developers keeps making new features and DLC's. But if you are looking for nice survival game who is different from all the standard stuff, give This War of Mine a shot."
,Recommended,282070,18875403,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Muy Bien,"One of the best games I have ever played. I recommend this game, it is very unpredictable  and your morality will make your decisions in this game. You can replay this game and have different outcomes, a different style for each, you decide. It really is a very different experience and this game really gave my a very very good imppression. Thank You 11 Bit studios."
,Recommended,282070,18832288,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Indrid Teddy Daddy,"Quite possibly the most depressing game I have ever played. I just beat an old couple to death. I didnt even need to either, I had no weapons so I physically just beat them to death. When I broke in they ran upstairs, I thought he was going to get a gun or something, in the midst of my beating him I realized they had just ran upstaires to cower and wait me out. Now the guy that did it is depressed, contemplating suicide, and everyone around him is depresssed."
,Recommended,282070,18833388,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,When The Freedom Is Hard,Made me contemplate life and realize the true value of our existence on earth10/10 would reach enlightment again
,Recommended,282070,18872018,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,mentasm,"*** SPOILERS ***What a game. 7,5/10Replayability: 6/10 (once you know the end it kinda ruins the magic, but you can replay for better results)+ Atmosphere+ Feels+ Story+ Gameplay+ Unforgiving if you don't think your actions through- Too short- Not enough different events- The world feels too small- Repetitive (lowish replayability)- No XP system for the survivalistsAfter starting over for a few times to get the game mechanics my cook dies one day before the end of the war because I got greedy for stuff, not knowing the war was ending, and tried to kill a thug who spotted me first.War never changes, but let's hope there will be a sequel with some added features."
76561197991309690,Recommended,282070,18861936,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,pedrohugo50,Wonderful experience!
76561198024917298,Recommended,282070,18868275,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ken,"I cannot recommend this game enough.Completing this game is a potential life altering event; even more so for those who thankfully have not experienced real war.In a gaming industry that glorifies war and killing so much, this story of struggles for mere survival provides a powerful and needed perspective that has been missing.Thank-you to the developers for creating and sharing these stories and experiences."
76561198015314616,Recommended,282070,18861587,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,motofoko,"Simply one of the most atmospheric and immersive games I've ever played. You will experience absolute helplessness, frustration, anger and of course joy and relief if you manage to make it through another day (and night) in one piece. This game truly is a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,282070,18639253,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MasterJames,I love this game.
76561197970541295,Recommended,282070,18649365,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mother F. Ross,"Really love the simplicity and atmosphere of this game.   the gameplay is solid and the world is unforgiving.If you're really looking for something different, This War of Mine is probably what you're looking for"
76561197970532021,Recommended,282070,18621691,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,BRiSk,Quality and thought provoking. Difficult and fun!
,Recommended,282070,18621950,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Belmont ™,10/10This is a game I will absolutely come back to.Vivid strong background stories for charactersEngrossing strats that make you think of your decisionsPowerful choices that and make/break you... how long will you survive?
76561197964026918,Recommended,282070,18631899,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Roman Bylar,"A fabulous game that everyone should play.  A completely different perspective on war that no game before it dared to depict.  The premise of the game is simple:  Three people are trapped in an apartment during the Siege of Sarajevo and hilarity and mischief ensue.  They must work together to survive the more comedic aspects of war such as pestilence, starvation, depression, and genocide.I give this game an 8.5/10.  Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,282070,13727804,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Boatmurdered,One of the most immersive game experiences I've ever come across. GOTY.
,Recommended,282070,18642290,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Niurem The M,An awsome game which actually lets you feel and know the consequences of the things you do. I recommend %100
76561198002140570,Recommended,282070,18633965,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Gaia,"This is a survival game, in which you play as survivors that need to eat, drink, and be motivated to stay alive. You don't necessarily have to kill anyone, but you can choose to kill everyone, if you wish. In the end, you just need food, heat, medications and a safe haven to reach the ending. You can do it solo, or in a team.It is very hard to figure out every mechanic, so some Wiki reading is VERY useful and can prevent several unexpected bad outcomes, specially since there is no way to save the game before testing something.The only thing I dislike about this game is that some of the characters are AWFUL, they are simply a hinderance to the party.It is worth noting though, the visuals and the music are tremendous.All in all, it does what it proposes well, and deserves to be played!"
76561198110406395,Recommended,282070,18924665,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Terrence_World,"Really great game the idea of having randomized things hapened and the rouge-like aspect of the game makes it fun. Since you have to make such hard desisions you appreciate the outcomes a lot more. I recommend this game to anyone who wants a game with replay value, rouge-like, and survival all rolled into one."
,Recommended,282070,18931916,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Desperalaw,"Amazing stories, amazing background, amazing soundtrack.Truly a masterpiece that makes us sentimental towards the characters in wartime.10/10 ""Perfect"""
76561198009724645,Recommended,282070,18822678,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mr.Church,"GF ""So what's this game about?""Me ""It's a survival game""GF ""It's like the sims""Me ""It's an Indie Developement set in a war torn country""GF ""So it's like the sims in syria?""wba"
,Recommended,282070,18803837,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,buffaloman,good game
76561198053679117,Recommended,282070,18819079,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,undefind1223,"Very well balanced, although the game gets easier after the first playthrough when you know what to do.During my second playthrough I didn't expect to get so upset once the war was over, but 2 of my characters died and it somehow managed to to give me that frog in the back of my throat...again. I wouldn't say this game was as emotional as something like Chrono Trigger or Final Fantasy 6 (Final Fantasy 3 on SNES), but it does a really good job.I will say the game lacks a bit of content near the endgame. I think the final days should be an ultimate struggle, making the end that much more emotional, like on my first playthrough."
76561198040678318,Recommended,282070,18818091,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ar_sargent,"I love this game. Its simple and it runs well. I enjoy the challange of managing a homebase while trying to survive. Well done, It would be nice to be able to save the game and have more than one save."
,Recommended,282070,18818294,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ntall1,"Amazing game. Lack of replay value.Don't play this one with a guide. Once you know how to do everything, thigns become increasingly easy. Then the game starts losing its appeal quickly. Until then, the game is challanging and farily addicting."
,Recommended,282070,17605356,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,JewsontheJ,"One of the best games I have ever played, it takes you as soon as you start and it never lets go. The game mechanics are amazing, the setting is solid ad the soundtrack just enhances the gaming experiance. 100% recommend"
,Recommended,282070,18816240,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,"Hello, food?","45 minutes in, already depressing as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,282070,18802914,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Kit Darkness,"This game is very well made, from art style, game concept, atmosphere even wartime economic, Very Challenging !Highly Recommand !"
,Recommended,282070,18784265,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Metastrong Nohl.com,its a amazing game and is very intresting and fun. this game is also in depth and can be played in many diffrent ways. first of all when you make a game you can either make a custom game (you choose what characters you have what areas in the map you have acsess too also when how long and rough winter is or no winter and finnaly how bad the situation is. or a scenario which there are multible ones by default (you can also get scenairos and charcters from the workshop). after this you begin the game at this point it is your desicion what to do although its highly suggested to make at least 2 beds and loot your refuge on the firsr day. overall i HIGHLY suggest this game
,Recommended,282070,18884057,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Enclear,"Great game. Amazing art and attention to detail. Surprisingly ""realistic"" movements of characters and environment--unusually immersive for a 2D. Easy to play while kicked back and relaxed, it's all clicking w/mouse. Smooth running for the most part.The only ""Cons"" of the game are just a couple minor annoyances: when alt-tabbing or playing windowed and clicking out of game, upon returning the graphics goes a little nuts vertically and requires me to maximize it again. Pathfinding is a little limited in multi-story buildings if clicking directly in the floor above--character will say something like ""I'm not sure how to get up there"" which is dumb as there are stairs ahead a ways. If you're in bottom-left end of building and want to go directly above but stairs are in right-end of building, you'll probably have to move closer to the right end nearer to the stairs for your character to find their way upstairs. Minor annoyances/extra-clicking, that's all really.It's a Game of Choices for average citizens caught up in a war zone, and those choices have lasting and often painful consequences for you and your fellow survivors. It's more than typical physical survival; you also have to keep your group mentally and emotionally intact as well--not easy to do when someone is very sick and not getting better, while everyone is starving, and you succumb to temptations when out scavenging. There are breaking points and they're seemingly different for each character."
76561198053521425,Recommended,282070,18884421,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,micx76,"Great game. However I can understand the negative comments, things can get repetitive.So many things can be added to make this game awesome:A greater RPG element. Character upgrades such as reading books or playing board games with other survivors brings you new skills such as upgrades on negotiating. Creating a home made gym to increase your fighting and physical skills for night missions.I am sure this has been mention before but finding an stray dog and training them to guard your base or go on night missions. Or even better developing skills to set up booby traps on your home base.This may not be added in this game but an option of forming alliances with other survivors in their home bases.One more thing please add an save option, not just relying on an autosave."
76561197971421694,Recommended,282070,18868557,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Raygun,The game keeps crashing on me when clicking exit in inventory screens. Anyone have a problem with this or better yet a solution. Cool game but I am ready to put my foot through the screen. I lik ethe game but can only play 15 minutes at a time. AARhhgggg
76561198060163383,Recommended,282070,18902406,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Idiot Ruins Game,Can go a little long and can be very depressing but worth playing.
,Recommended,282070,18961044,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,I'm The Folgers In Your Cup,a great survival game that makes you feel the consiqunses of all decicions and killing people for dat food yum yum
76561198257669006,Recommended,282070,18963129,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,dan.slotea,Unbelievably awesome.
76561198062398778,Recommended,282070,14231610,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hillbilly_Llama,>Started game>Cleared out base>Scavenged for supplies>Found and fed a hobo>Went back next day>Fed hobo again>Went back next day>Hobo found a shotgun and killed me>Everyone else killed themselves from depression>Survived 3 days>9/11 Would Suicide Again!
,Recommended,282070,13508222,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,qq,Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198130769747,Recommended,282070,30545094,Posted: 16 March,all,paradox,cool
76561198042592765,Recommended,282070,18348323,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Stackz,"Interesting take on survial in a war setting where people are the victim and marshal law leads to survival of the fittest. 10/10 survival, no zombies!"
76561198171277965,Recommended,282070,18348417,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,masterthanaofluangprabang©,This game show about some group of people live during the war. i think this game is good to show another side of war game.
76561197997027217,Recommended,282070,18349046,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,adf,"If you any love for people at all - even strangers - then there's no way this ""game"" will not affect you personally.  And in this day and age of electronic everything - where people are artificially connected to each other via the Internet and in-person interactions don't occur as often - I would deem that to be a good thing.The game is well done and sheds a grim reality on war from the perspective of non-combatants that are caught in the middle of it and are simply trying to survive, and in doing so have to make difficult decisions that can negatively impact others who are also just trying to survive.I don't write very many reviews of games, and I have no problem recommending this game."
,Recommended,282070,14045380,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Hexzaro,Best 20$ i have ever spent.
,Recommended,282070,14047066,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Husky,This War of Mine is a emotional survival war experience and everyone who is on Steam at some point you need to buy this.10/10 would survive in This War of Mine again
76561198073064577,Recommended,282070,14024209,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Candalf the Waxy,Quite intresting and fun.
76561198082368608,Recommended,282070,14029935,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,manaromanaro,"Extremely well-made, realstic, atmospheric survival game. It's probably the first game (in a while) which reaaaaally raises moral questions/dillemas during gameplay. Different and engaging.Some things I would like to see in the future:- I would however like to see more crafting options.- The radio should also be more useful, e.g. have different news more often.- I don't see why wearing a helmet and/or vest takes space in the backpack. After all the character is wearing them, not carrying them around."
76561198019181169,Recommended,282070,14031645,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,andy,GREAT!
76561198026322823,Recommended,282070,14032145,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,baesque,"Wow simply amazing, best game of 2014"
76561198067445534,Recommended,282070,14036366,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Willo will,This is depressing as ♥♥♥♥ so if u fancy somthing different then this is the game for u
,Recommended,282070,14039020,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Colonel Ban Bohnson,"I played this game till day 38 then everyone got depressed when I killed someone to survive. I started to get stressed and worried if I was gonna make it till the end, but then people got broken and sick so one left the others all died. Ever since that happened I feel stressed when thinking about it. If a game can do that to a person, and also make you feel like you're in a war that's a dam good game. 9/10"
76561198010585136,Recommended,282070,14039585,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,HAM SUPREMACY,"Easily one of the most profound, moving, and challenging gaming experiences of my life. Can't recommend it enough for the price."
,Recommended,282070,13635108,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,karwaidotnet,"A very depressing, yet addictive, civilian-in-war, survival game...in my first playthrough, i witnessed that same scenario where a militant is threatening a girl for sex. i was waiting for the right time to ambush him but by the time i tried it was too late. the guy forced the girl into a trailer or something and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥her.after that, i promised myself to be more brave. however, that didnt end up well for katia. after she's died, my morale drop together with the remaining party. before they all drop dead, i hit the try again button and several new characters are unlocked!voila...a new guy who is combat trained and was able to defend the base from scavenger couple of time. he was really helpful. together with a girl who can sneak quietly.the second play through scenario also seems different. so that is great for replayability.at the end of the day its a depressing game yet in the same time makes me wanna keep on going for one more day just to see how if my base got raided or we get to live another relatively peaceful day...i hope one day i can bring the whole party survive throughout the war without any casualty..."
76561198052711193,Recommended,282070,13635315,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,the hunter of ass,best game idea ever
76561197980432505,Recommended,282070,13635435,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,portway136,This game is BRILLIANT. its hard enough to be challaging but also you start becoming attached to the people in the game. i got to the point where i was trying to manage with just one person. okay i failed. but i tried everything to keep my guy alive. i really wanted him to live. i love this game.
76561198085614851,Recommended,282070,13635616,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fire of Scouts,An awesome survival game 9/10
76561198016020556,Recommended,282070,13639518,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,vtnr,"Would you steal from old dying couple, or rather let your group starve to death. Either choice is bad. And that's what this game is all about. Gripping atmosphere, beautiful yet chilling graphics. Recommended!"
,Recommended,282070,14079459,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,trounce,"Having played this game for over 40 hours, I can say that I was hooked right from the get-go. This game deserves a 10/10. The game puts you into the role of survivors holed up in a house, where you will be living/sleeping/eating and surviving in.Everyday is split into a ""day"" portion and an ""night"" portion. During the day, you will be crafting things such as metal workshops, a stove or a herbal garden. If your characters are hungry, you will need to feed them in order for their condition to not worsen. In the earlier parts of the game, material and food collection is crucial.At night, you select one of your characters to scavenge another building in the area while the rest of the characters guards the house or sleeps through the night. Each character has their own ""special"" abilities, such as having more backpack slots to store items that you have found in the buildings, or being a good cook. Once you have filled up your slots, you return to your home for the next day.As you progress through the game, some buildings have thugs that reside inside and may attack you on sight, and if your character is killed, the game still continues on.Some things to consider:Each player has their own statuses and addictions. These may be changed as the game progresses.The statuses include emotional ones (sad/content/depressed) and condition based ones(hungry/sick/injured)The realism in this game is what made it playable over and over again."
,Recommended,282070,14081249,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Hkn Dngr Noodl,"It might take you a few goes at this game before you understand how to survive long enough, but it is just incredible. I was addicted from the start, and my gf and I didn't stop playing until we both survived til the end. It is a refreshing approach to the survival genre, and the added emotion makes it extra special.I'm looking forward to new releases from 11 Bit Studio. I've heard great things of their Anomaly series also."
,Recommended,282070,14081524,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ScotchBrite,The war is bad enough. Having a maniac running around with knife killing everyone in sight is even worse.
76561197989327715,Recommended,282070,14082046,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Langeveldt,"One of the most original, most compelling titles I have ever played, this War of Mine has invoked emotions I have never before felt, let alone in a game. There is nothing quite as depressing as being gunned down while trying to steal some firewood, with a character that you cannot fail to become emotionally attached to, as you guide him or her through a myriad of moral and literal minefields. Whatever genre of game you are into, do not miss this."
,Recommended,282070,14084476,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Cecil,"Strongly suggest this game to all people who never suffered by war. This game gives us a chance to feel, to think before the war really occur in ourself."
,Recommended,282070,12947332,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Peanut #CastzFC,Review เล่นไปได้แค่ 14 วัน (เล่นแบบด่วนมาก)This war is mine เป็นเกมแนว วางแผน Survival เราจะเริ่มต้นเกมอยู่ในเมืองหลังช่วงสงครามโดยมีตัวละครเริ่มต้น 3 ตัว (สุ่มชีวประวัติ) โดยแต่ละคนจะมีทักษะในการเอาชีวิตรอดต่างกัน (ผมชอบสุดคงเป็น Scavenger คุ้ยของได้เยอะดี)ภาพจัดว่าโอเคลื่นสบายตา เล่นแสงและเงาได้ดี เท่าที่เล่นมายังไม่เจอบัคเกี่ยวกับภาพเลย กด ESC เพื่อวางแผนไม่ได้ (มันจะเบลอแบ็คกราว ทำให้เราวางแผนล่วงหน้าไม่ได้ว่าควรจะทำอะไรก่อน - หลัง)Gameplay จัดว่าโอเคเป็นแนว Survival ที่ฉีกออกมาจาก Survival ที่ล้นตลาดอยู่ทุกวันนี้ (ถ้าจะนึกภาพให้ออกคือ Survival แบบ DayZ แต่อยู่ในเหตุการณ์แบบ Metro) ตัวละครเราจะต้องเผชิญหน้ากับมนุษย์ด้วยกัน ซึ่งมีทั้งคนดีและคนไม่ดี การกระทำของเราจะส่งผลโดยตรงต่อตัวละครอีกด้วย อย่างเช่น ถ้าเราวิ่งไปหยิบของจากตู้เย็น บ้านของคนชราโดยที่เขาไม่อนุญาติก็จะทำให้ตัวละครเรารู้สึกผิดGameplay คร่าวๆ เราจะต้องวางแผนจัดการทรัพยากรภายในบ้านให้ดีในตอนกลางวัน - เย็น (บางทีจัดการดีแต่ไม่ได้ซ่อมบำรุง/จัดเวรยามก็หายนะครับ =  พอช่วงดึกเราจะสามารถเลือกออกเดินทางไปยังสถานที่ต่างๆเพื่อหาของได้ ซึ่งแต่ละที่ก็จะพบกับผู้คนในรูปแบบแตกต่างกันออกไป จะมีคนมาขออยู่ด้วยเรื่อยๆ เราจะรับไว้หรือไม่รับก็ได้ (ระวังเรื่องความรู้สึกของคนที่ออกไปคุยด้วย พยายามอย่าให้ตัวละครที่รู้สึกอ่อนไหวง่ายคุย มันจะกลับมาบ่นไม่หยุดเลย =  ค่าเงินไม่มีประโยชน์ ใช้สิ่งของแลกเปลี่ยนกัน โดยที่ผมเองก็ยังไม่รู้เกณฑ์การแลกเปลี่ยน พวกอัญมณีน่าจะมีค่าสุดข้อเสียที่เห็น- ตัวเกมมีการ Loading ซึ่งบางทีมันอาจจะน่ารำคาญสักหน่อยสำหรับเกมเมอร์ที่ไม่ได้เจอหน้าจอดำๆแล้วขึ้นตัวอักษร Loading ซึ่งเกมจะมีความจำเป็นในการเปลี่ยนแม็พบ่อยมาก การเปลี่ยนแม็พ 1 ครั้งก็จะมีการ Loading 1 ที- AI Path คือบางทีเราต้องการให้ตัวละครเราวิ่งย้อนลงไปห้องข้างหลังด้านล่าง ถ้าห้องที่ตัวละครอยู่มันมีพื้นเป็นรูมันจะกระโดดลงไปเลย ซึ่งบางทีเราไม่ได้ต้องการอย่างนั้น (โจรนั่งกินกาแฟกันอยุ่ พี่แกโดดตุบลงไปยืนกลางวงเลย)- ไม่เหมาะสำหรับคนอ่อนไหว หรือคนที่เป็น ไฮเปอร์แอคทีฟจ้า- เกมไม่สามารถขยับมุมกล้องด้วย Arrow key ได้ข้อดี- เพลงฟังสบายมาก บิ้วอารมณ์ได้อย่างดี- เป็นเกมแนววางแผน Survival ที่มีการเล่นกับอารมณ์ของคนเล่นได้ดี (บางทีตัวละครมันไม่ได้รู้สึกแย่ คนเล่นดันรู้สึกแย่ซะเอง =  แล้วการวางแผนต้องวางเผื่อเหตุการณ์ไม่คาดคิดด้วยสรุปรวมๆจัดว่าโอเคครับ น่าซื้อน่าหามาลอง เป็นเกมค่าย 11bit ส่วนตัวแล้วให้คะแนนเกมนี้8/10 ครับ
,Recommended,282070,13672905,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Torso Is sad,Hands down one of the BEST Games i have played.Want to see more content in the Future
,Recommended,282070,26185179,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,al_senpai,"Visited an Old Couple.tried to give them some med via placing some meds near the old lady aka reverse stealingCame back and everybody was like ""Y U STEAL FROM OLD PEOPLE""Dafuq"
76561198272693398,Recommended,282070,25940327,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Theiage,"I love this game. It has a great deal of replay and thoughtfulness put into its creation.Just be aware that while beautiful, the default settings for the game are graphics and processing heavy. It crashed on me a few times, until I realized my computer couldn't handle the high resolution graphics. I scaled back the resolution rather significantly and the game stopped crashing.  This is just one more reason I need  to build a gaming rig with a better graphics card (among other things); the general purpose computer just doesn't cut it for a lot of games these days."
,Recommended,282070,25934811,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cerulean,"when i killed two old people, and one of my children died in this game... i felt sad.7/10"
76561197978933434,Not Recommended,282070,25935121,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,hime,"Another game one really wants to like but just can't. Nice graphics, good music, simple controls, interesting setting (read the game description for this). But the game is hopelessly crippled by its (lack of) pace. Characters move slowly, crafting takes time, you find yourself waiting endlessly. All this may add up to build atmosphere in the first few playthroughs, but it quickly gets old. It could be fixed with a speed-up button, no big deal. I've googled this, and people have been asking for this for as long as the game has been around. Unless you have too much time to waste - in which case playing games is the least of your concerns - steer clear of this one. It will leave you with a flat taste of disappointment at a unnecessarily flawed game."
76561198011749525,Recommended,282070,23947719,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CL4P-TR4P,"I've done 3 games so far, and finished 2 storylines out of at least 6 diffrent story lines.All in all i'd give this game 8/10, here's why;>Positives:-The gameplay is pretty simple, but its all about the story this game tells, and the decisions you make along the way.-This war of mine stays a challange from start to end. Things can seem stable, but can and will turn on you out of the blue. That makes this game interesting and also very replayable.-2D side view, with pencil-drawn artwork.  Its not a HD game with stunning graphics, but the way they made it look suits the admosphere and story of the game perfectly.-You can scavage for supplies and materials at night, build and craft at day time, but you'll never be able to have evrything build. So evrytime you start another storyline you can do things very diffrently, changing the outcome of the story.-Characters all have a diffrent background, life story, and personality, so evryone responds in a diffrent way to a single event.> negative(ish):-Don't expect alot of action and combat in this game tho, becouse weapons and ammo are very scarse and you'll need them to defend your home rather than attacking another.-Building variety is pretty limited.-One playtrough is about 10 hours, give or take. could have been a bit longer if it was up to me. Usually at the end of the game you start getting things on track, and then its over..."
76561198001340944,Recommended,282070,30888037,Posted: 1 April,all,Kayteebugg,This game is excellent and I look forward to what the developers put out next!
,Recommended,282070,25943463,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Rafalfa,"The difficulty is well balance - you really feel the  war pressure and the suffering from your characters.The ambiance, music, environnement scenarios are very align with the overall atmosphere.I personally paid 3.99€ during the sales and i strongly believe it value much more."
76561198087651216,Recommended,282070,25926351,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Eziodomin,Well this game is one of the best you could find on steam it's amazing very real. everything makes sense the mods for this game are epic too. But what they could do is like they did with design your own character they can do design more places on the map so you can visit more locations or move places so it makes you base more defensive when you find a location you would want to live in
76561198082006319,Recommended,282070,26018142,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,havengr,As my first survival game i loved it. It is bit hard though and after more than 20 hours of game i feel not playing it again although i highly recommend to everyone!
76561198023222981,Recommended,282070,26018432,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hangman,"Fun game w/decent replay appeal.  Doesn't take much to run it, either.  Great value when it's on sale."
76561198020473242,Recommended,282070,25992668,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ohgood,"gets better the more you play it. Enjoyed atmosphere and graphics. Set your own pace, find loot, craft, and fight."
76561198052694259,Recommended,282070,25980164,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,buzz_act,"This game is simply great.It takes a little while to learn how to do everything and there is no tutorial but generally speaking everything is quite intuitive and easy to learn.  Also everything you have to learn is pretty much common sense, e.g. you need to eat regularly, you need heating in winter, getting shot will kill you quickly.Overall the game is pretty simple but it has a lot of different elements that you have to work with which makes it fun.  When everything is going smoothly it's great!  When you're frantically trying to fix problems after everything has gone disastrously wrong it's a ton of fun.A great game and a solid experience.  Definite thumbs up :)"
,Recommended,282070,25980537,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,DDD3,It's addictive. I really love this game.
76561198072632263,Recommended,282070,25982934,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Monrique,Just amazing and for good purpose. Thumps up and arms high!
,Recommended,282070,25983719,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Nashi,You can send kids packing without medicine.I feel like the devil.I like it.
,Recommended,282070,25993299,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,RarPepe.jpg,"it's a pretty good game, it can be customized to your desire"
,Recommended,282070,26031021,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Royal Doge csgoloto.com CSGO500,Fantastic suspenceful game
76561198023095496,Recommended,282070,26028970,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MocoVerde,"I enjoyed the game and its main scenario very much. The atmosphere, the gameplay, simple, but convincing. I will probably continue playing with downloadable scenarios. One of the few games that makes you reflect on the reality of war. Probably does a better job than many war time books."
,Recommended,282070,26046130,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ffive,This game gives you the true war experience.not that call of duty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198018600260,Not Recommended,282070,26048406,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BaronNimrod,"Game is interesting, but not very deep, so I don't know how long it would have held my attention.  In any case, it is moot now as I have given up after repeated crashes. It ran well for a few days, but started crashing and now I cannot make any progress (Windows 10)"
76561198079418335,Recommended,282070,16692797,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Masa Blimlimlimm,"There's a reason you don't see many high-hour reviews: it's brutal. Would absolutely recommend playing, if only once.Very powerful, 10/10."
76561197968163716,Recommended,282070,16617835,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tikume,"Very immersive and well designed game, fun but brutal learning curve.I really hope they continute and make some similar games, would work very well as a zombie-survival game or even some co-op goodness, would be a wet dream ;)"
,Recommended,282070,16619200,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ArdKing,this game is so good and so hard. I finished it after 6 try
76561198065283903,Recommended,282070,16622662,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Society's Favorite Mess,This game is awesome it puts you in a dark time and you feel it you feel hopeless you cant control it and you start getting close to the people that you have also the mecanique of this game is great
,Recommended,282070,16622819,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ToastyHere,"I just finished my first playthrough of This War of Mine, it was excellent. I can't remember a game I've played recently that made me feel so many feelings, and so much of it was just through the mechanics of the game, not even the story elements.If you want a unique challenging game with fantastic design, pick it up."
,Recommended,282070,16624169,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SuperPanda,One of the best games I've ever played
76561198031274600,Not Recommended,282070,16627316,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cereal,"I bought this game because it sounded interesting and I like to support indie developers who make games available on Linux.  However, after the first time I ran it it would not load again.  There are people on the forum who have downgraded one of the graphics libraries to make this work, but honestly that should not be necessary.  It's pretty poor."
76561198141965345,Recommended,282070,16627672,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Hunter@csgolive.com,this is one of the best survival games ive played its quite like what i would think is the real thing.it is really unforgiving to mistakes and i like that you have to have everything right.The game can also be very depressing at times.i highly recommend this game the developers did a very good job on it.10/10
,Recommended,282070,16630599,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Northx,"https://twitter.com/11bitstudios/status/612951386100224000This is one of the best news I have had for some time in terms of gaming. I just hope they multiply all the variations and keep the simplicity as it is. Great, great game."
76561198063413786,Recommended,282070,16771309,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,orangle123,"Absolutely phenominal game.  For such a basic game at it's core, it's a really great game for the price.  I've enjoyed countless scenarios, and I can always come back to this game after a break and pick right up!"
76561198044577667,Recommended,282070,16772345,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,2-D,"This is honestly a solid game all around. It has a great feeling and aura to it, and starts right in the moment you start.A tough game that gives you a perspective you may not have had before. It is relentless, you gather enough food? You get robbed in the middle of the night. You get get enough supplies to build the next thing for the shetler? Someone gets sick and you need to trade for medicine.It's a lot of tough choices, but buying this game is an easy one. This War of Mine stays with you.9/10"
,Recommended,282070,16774124,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Hoten the Hero,Very challenging and interesting strategy game. I love that you can make your own story as well.
,Recommended,282070,13046382,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Wilso,"One of the best games I have ever played. Instead of simply mashing keys and smashing mouse buttons, i felt like I was there, with the survivors, living their pain with them."
76561198045605182,Recommended,282070,13046604,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,The Truest Kek,It takes a good game to make me come back for more even if it makes me sad.
76561197960978610,Recommended,282070,12997955,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rax86,"Test your level of moral, your planing skills, your bravery etc.. This game is so realistic you actually care about the characters. :-D"
76561198031826180,Recommended,282070,12998051,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jιммy,Only 3 things away to make this game Best game 10/10 which are....Co op/multi and Longer story and bigger city !!
76561198039307966,Recommended,282070,12998101,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,August Spies,"This is a fantastic and challenging game!!!I would recommend this game over a vast majority of $60.00 titles being released.  It's not buggy, smooth playing, and requires you to be calculative, patient, and delibrate with your actions.  Haste makes waste.  If you have been tired of games being too easy, then this is for you!10/10"
,Recommended,282070,12998133,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,oscarltd,"Fantastic game! Beautiful graphics, no zombies, great soundtrack, good story and dialogue. Well basically its a great immersive survival game that doesnt kill your graphic card but yet so beautiful and addictive!"
,Recommended,282070,12998162,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,PacifismAnthar,"i started with 4 guys and each of them die painfully , i cant help them, they lack of foods, meds, and soldier keep robbing civillien, jesus christ, this game is dark as ♥♥♥♥."
76561197970646887,Recommended,282070,12959526,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Rubén,"I love it. Hard, difficult, sad, permadeath... but it's rewarding. An incredibly deep experience. Night scavenger phases are tense and exciting, while managing the goods and the survivors during the day is a real challenge. I expected more of a free-roaming experience and it is not, but even so the gameplay is very original and full of possibilities. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,282070,12998659,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ANGRY PIGGY,"In one word : WOW.This game... Those feels... So much sadness...For me, it's one of the best game I've ever played on Steam. Everything is perfect. The ambiance, the sounds, the music, the design, the story, etc ... This game is full of creativity in it's destruction context.YOU, yes YOU ! You've got to try it ! At the first try, you'll survive for only 20 days max, but then, you'll get stronger, and smarter ! This game is sooooo interesting ! Try it !I just can't wait for updates : more characters, more loots, more places."
,Recommended,282070,12998708,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MxxiiiF,"Read this then buy:What a fantastic game and idea, such an immersive game, control the lives of all the survivors, no its not zombie infested for a change but during and post war. You will need to make morale choices based on your style.Honestly this game really is 11/10.Happy buying."
76561198048635823,Recommended,282070,27064065,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TakemeALive,Time runs faster when you play this game.
,Recommended,282070,27066988,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trash⚓Boat,"Great game that explores the actual real results of war. Incredibly emotional, it's based on the Sarajevo Siege of '92-'96, the longest city siege in modern history. Highly recommend all history buffs to play this game and watch a few documentaries about it."
,Recommended,282070,16189730,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ásgeir,Amazing
,Recommended,282070,27067563,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gluten-Free Cupcakes,This games tests a lot on your own humanity and what you would be willing to do as a person to survive. The game play is simple to learn and the side scroll perspective of the game is really cool (I usually perfer open world). The characters are interesting and you learn more and more about them as the game progresses. Its easy to feel hopeless after a few weeks have gone by and you're eating rats from your house and getting water via snow you pick up but that's what makes this game so unique and encapturing! I couldn't recommened it enough!
,Recommended,282070,27067633,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kurt Josef,Very tasteful and touching scenario about wars effect on the everyday people.
76561197998695728,Recommended,282070,27055692,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,~M~,"Best game ever. once you play it, you'll thank me."
76561198272741988,Recommended,282070,23355297,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Dante814,我会永远记住这游戏，因为它让我明白战争对于平民来说到底是什么颜色。
,Recommended,282070,27053788,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SirMento,Awesome game! Captures the depression of days we regret...10/10
76561198016945451,Recommended,282070,27059269,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shittles,It's like pursuing happiness...you never catch it
76561197966176834,Recommended,282070,27076499,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,=YgS=Kilian,"The concept alone makes this game worth playing .I backed the boardgame and that made me play this again .For once your not a soldier but a civilian trying to survive the war by scavenging .Deside to take the extra wood to board up your shot house , bring food and medicine for your people , or other materials so u can start upgrading your workbench to make weapons and traps for food or build that stove cause WINTER IS COMMING .It rly is and is a ♥♥♥♥♥ :) ."
,Recommended,282070,13180487,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,supercrazy,"Multiple levels of play resonate simultaneously. Mapping forms a bond with the world and its loosely fleshed-out characters. The drafted strokes in the background emphasize this subtlety; the foundation has been laid down and the rest of the story is yours to tell.Every attempt at survival builds understanding of the underlying system. After a lengthy, heuristic process the war turns into a vacation more often than not. You have a clubhouse, a guitar and firepower for a whole troop. At that point the war starts to resemble... a game."
,Recommended,282070,27118436,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Welnias,A great survival game.
,Recommended,282070,27114284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Japitnik,"This is not your typical ""play for fun"" game. You will enjoy this game, that's for sure. You will get the depressing feeling, still you enjoy this. Eventually everything goes to hell and you die... still you enjoy this.Enjoy it and cry."
76561198055459029,Recommended,282070,27136937,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Highwind,Is it weird to feel attached to the characters of the game?
76561198139357838,Recommended,282070,27137388,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LifeWithoutHope,"This War of Mine is a game that you will be struggled between to be a human or to be an animal. This is not only about war, but about survival, true and pure survival.Each character has their own skill, some are useless but sometimes, you prefer to have them than nothing. Especially when you need someone watches and guard your shelter at night. And I suggest you should play the whole game, without reloading any days, or any situation. Trust me, it deliver more depth.And if you think this game is like Call of Duty or other FPS war game, you're totally wrong. But if this game has heroes, I say it ""Yes"". All character in this game can be a hero by your hands.10/10. Best of the best. Will never regret playing and buying it."
76561198064333583,Recommended,282070,27177156,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Mand'alor,Honestly I've played this game for a decent while now and its one of my favorites to just pick up or just play. It isn't awfullly long and it's a very touching game. Makes you try to be the best person you can while not trying to hurt others. 9/10.
,Recommended,282070,27185784,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pangpiya,This gem make me cry when member die while I try to save EVERY WAYs.
,Recommended,282070,26939217,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gammar,Not the kids </3...
,Recommended,282070,27178219,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cucumberger,The most hearthbreaking game i ever played :(
,Recommended,282070,27178882,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BenMQ,amazing
,Recommended,282070,18492833,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Steelheart101,"I bought this game while it was on sale for $7.99, but this game is worth full price. I have spent hours playing this game, and it was worth every penny. The way he incorperates everything is just amazing, and I could not ask for anything better. This can is very addictive and it is worth it, everyone has their own addiction, and you have to work with it not just ignore the addiction, but it is not to sever where it effects your entire game in just a few days. The way he put everything together is just beautiful, and I hope he makes more games like this. I would buy every single one of them."
,Recommended,282070,18493353,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Finicky.Squid,Very good game;Amazing atmosphereGood graphicsGood animationsGood gameplay.In this game you will have to make choices. Some will help you survive. Some will kill you. Others will benifit you at the expense of others. You must choose very carefully to make it through the war.
,Recommended,282070,18498333,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Le Phoque Orange,"This game has it's bugs here and there, like the time someone both committed suicide and survived the war in the epilouge (was going to commit suicide on the night of the ceasefire and the game got confused, I think) but ultimatly it's great. For new players, I suggest learn the epic stupidity of the NPCs that don't think, ""maybe I shouldn't walf past this hiding spot where someone could lunge out and remove 90% of my organs"", then take over the military outpost, then the brothel, then the construction site, then the... you get the point. The game is very good with a well worked moral and sympathy system.Message for the devolopers: Have an option to make your group a team of thugs and all but remove the sympathy system, if I want to send Roman out to butcher the entire city, I don't want him b*tching when he gets home. He's a soldier."
76561198232692208,Recommended,282070,18558765,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,GurthBrooks,"Great game! Grabs you and makes you involved in the story and struggle the characters go through. Can be deeply saddening. Makes your soul hurt. Aside from Prison Arcitect, this is my fav game on my steam account"
,Not Recommended,282070,18662739,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Some Guy (BAPE) csgoatse.com,its not working tf
,Recommended,282070,18560208,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Jao-Quin,"This is an excellent game that makes you think of war from a different perspective: that of the survivors. All the characters have had terrible senseless things happen to them. They are powerless to affect the war and struggling to survive. Resources are never plentiful and sometimes you have to make hard decisions, like whether to steal from a poor old couple or killing a civilian who attacks you first. You can't just choose to go full evil on a rampage; your characters are just normal people trying to survive and too much murder and stealing makes them lose hope and become depressed.9/10+ Tough learning curve+ Great atmospheric art+ Great characters, excellent backstory- If you carefully manage resources, you might not have much to do for the last 2 weeks or so once everything's built"
76561198046519650,Recommended,282070,18549310,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Kira,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is soooo imersive, you feel what they feel.I recommend, it's cheap for the experience it provides10/10"
,Recommended,282070,18515251,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,deadend85,"this game is hard,sad , and dark. a must own.10/10"
76561198073736582,Recommended,282070,16486819,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,eight_l3all,"After installing and lauching this game i barely moved for 13hrs, This game took me on a rollercoaster ride with emotions. Surviving this war was harsh, cold, joyful and bitterly unforgiving.Definetly recommend grabbing this game"
76561197970283951,Recommended,282070,16488367,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dungeonbuster,Little Computer People: Horrors of War Edition
76561198009687811,Recommended,282070,16489069,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zortac,"This game can get very frustrating, mostly because you can't save your progress, and autosaves are not when you want them to be. That being said, I'm thoroughly enjoying the game, and my advice is to play through it and try to get entertainment out of your mistakes, because you can't undo them and that's what this game is supposed to be about: a realistic simulation of survival in war times. In other words, I'm trying not to blame the game for me being spoiled by other games allowing me to load previous save points so often.One thing I really like about the game is that each play through will be different. As for the gameplay, it kind of feels like a combination of the theme of The Walking Dead and mechanics of Craft the World."
76561198032368861,Recommended,282070,16489520,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Patriot,"It took a few tries, but that was the best 20 hours I've had in-game in a while.Replayability for me is a little low, but there's always achievements to unlock!"
76561197970776658,Recommended,282070,16491049,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kid Gloves,"A really interesting take on the survival genre - if you like survival games, get this.* Good resource mix and balance* Nice mechanism for acquiring new resources, forcing meaningful choices on each scavenging run* Very intuitive UI* Nice RPG mechanic with some very interesting moral dilemmasIf you like managing a group of survivors, get this. Definitely 10/10."
76561198184898434,Recommended,282070,16464442,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ValaWolf,"Did not think that this would be a game I would like...and I was right because I LOVE IT!!!!! You can feel the emotion from the character, and when they become sad or depressed based on your choices really makes you rethink the choices you have made. I would recommend this game for someone looking for something different to play."
76561198026494583,Recommended,282070,16464863,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ghost in the meme machine,"reccomending this as an artwork, not gameplay (to be honest, the gameplay mechanics get very rote, not a game in the traditional sense)Having to rob an elderly couple for bandages, I hoped they would pull out a weapon and shoot. They only begged the character to stop, then right before exiting, the old man said ""How will we survive the winter now?"";_;"
,Recommended,282070,16466917,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Genjuro,"This war of mine is full of decisions and emotional moments. It shows the other side of the war, what it causes. This game is greatest survival, strategy and stealth game around (in my opinion). In game, theres a war going on, but like game says ""in war, not everyone is a soldier"" and this game really shows it. You have to do awful things to survive. Its like ""eat or you will get eaten"" and ""no mercy"" if you really want to stay alive and not get starved, froze or fully raided."
76561198090140548,Recommended,282070,16469153,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,LordGrumpyPants,pretty cool game for an early acess indi. would suggest to anyone.
76561198020242296,Recommended,282070,16469468,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jalf,"It has been a long time since I was so attached to a game like this. You connect with your characters and wish them and your neighbours the best, but sometimes you have to stab someone in the back, just to have a minimal chance of survival. You will need to do something that is unethical and unmoral. It will also make you reflect about the civilians in war, because they sometimes can be forgotten. All in all a great survival game with a large amount of feelings involved and an astonishing atmosphere."
,Recommended,282070,16470277,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mrchrisarh,This game is a sidescroll time management adventure game. This game is user friendly and easy to catch on. The only dislike I could find is the slow progression of the map.
,Recommended,282070,16471751,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Orange Eagle,Never before have i found a game that makes me truely sad when a character of mine diesno i'm not crying
76561198006543535,Recommended,282070,16477937,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,El Guapo,"This game is pretty good for all the reasons those countless reviews have mentioned. Which is why I will focus entirely on the negatives:I don't see too much replay value. At its core it's a resource management / worker placement game with brilliant visuals and storylines. In my third try I figured out how to beat the game. The last 20 days were more than boring as an effect. Once you got a functioning supply chain running, there's nothing compelling you to risk anything.I got the house boarded up completely, 1 rifle, 2 guns, 2 rainwater collectors, 1 veggie garden, 2 rat traps, a distillery, herbal workshop and so on.Basically I could produce all the food I need, bandages, alcohol... I was self-sufficient. The rest was a lot of skipping days.Summary:Get it on a sale, it's worth your money and time. You'll probably get 20-40 hours of fun and enlightenment out of it. It's beatiful while it lasts. Just don't expect too much depth and longevity.7.5/10"
,Recommended,282070,16478066,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SneakyRanger,"Very interesting game - the uglier side of wars away from all the glory and shiny heroism with the civilians stuck near the exploding bombs and gunfire, trying to scrape together enough to not starve or freeze."
,Recommended,282070,16451008,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,PiEatingPhoenix,"Fantastic game. During one game I had, I eneded up stealing from an unarmed elderly sick couple. I desperately needed food, for my 4 group members were close to starving. The old man was following me around his home begging me not to hurt his wife, or take his medicine, or his food. I did. I needed it. Don't blame me, I've already asked Jesus for forgiveness. I am sorry.9/10I cry everytime."
76561197995493738,Recommended,282070,16452789,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DeDaas,"I've made it through 2 playthroughs. The first one made an incredible impression on me  (In fact I actually dreamed about being in a warzone on 2 seperate nights!) The second time was less impressive.. once you get used to the gamemechanics you can get through everything fairly easily. It would be great if this game could somehow keep you on your toes a second and third time around, but you can't randomize the things that will make that first playthrough as tough as it is.Still definitly something you should try!"
76561198116886606,Recommended,282070,16456458,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Greyfang,Hardcore Strategic game. Exelent replayability.
,Recommended,282070,16457493,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,spartank,this game was worth every ♥♥♥♥ing penny
76561198002682893,Recommended,282070,16459153,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,atma_weapon_oni,"It says recommended, but it's more of a ""meh"". The point is to simulate being in a war with limited resources, but I (personally) find having barely enough to get by very stressful. You go out and get your resources, but you come back and find yourself raided. You get a large supply of food, but then you run out of building materials. It's a never ending cycle of debt.I REALLY like the concept of the game, but I simply find it too dreary to play. I'll play more and update this if it changes, but the pacing is so slow. It doesn't help that while the music is reminicent of moments in The Walking Dead (a good thing), the time before the music loops is so short. It increases the feeling of dull repetiveness.Despite all of this, I'd still say it's a recommend. It's a ""survial"" simulator and you have to make hard decisions. The dialog is short but to the point, and while not particularly emersive, the minimum details leaves it to the player to slowly piece together the puzzle of what's happening in the world. I'd say give it a shot if the constant feeling of ""Two steps forward, one step back"" won't bother you."
76561197986993877,Recommended,282070,16457488,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Capitão Portugal,"I don't remember a game which made me care so much about my characters. For example, Marko, my dear Marko. I took him out as a scavenger most of the nights. We had had our bumps on the road but so far so good. I sent him to the supermarket to get some supplies. When I got there, a woman was being assaulted and I told Marko to step in. I mean, Marko had his reliable shotgun and armour and the enemy was distracted, so why not? Marko fired his first shot but I didn't notice that the soldier also had armour, so it didn't get the job done and he responded. The soldier started shooting Marko with his AK47 while he reloaded. The damned woman got in the way and I was afraid of killing her (Marko had had his fair share of depression caused by killing innocents), so I watched helplessly Marko being shot down like a dog and I literally just stood there, looking at my screen. I could not believe that after all the things we had gone through (I mean, I had already listened on the radio that the war was about to end), Marko was dead, specially over something totally unnecessary and foolishly. He was a crutial gear of the well-oiled machine I had turned my shelter into. Even though the game was about to end and I had never got to the end of it, I didn't want to end the game without Marko, he deserved to survive. I just exited and restarted. The game without Marko felt empty. 10/10"
76561198012316682,Recommended,282070,13315258,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,chris31515,"Loved the game, find my review @http://chris31515.hubpages.com/hub/Nukes-GamingSurvive on guys."
76561198050198037,Recommended,282070,13315303,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ryder,"I like it and all but...how is it that if I attack a place with one character (#1)...and then walk in unarmed the next day as a diferent character (#2)...all the guards pull out their guns and shoot me even though they have no way of knowing that my character (#2) has any ties with character (#1)...♥♥♥♥♥♥just doesn't make sense to me...Also most of the characters are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..But hey... new prospective on war... blah blah blah2/10 -IGN ""wasn't bribed enough to give this game a higher score"""
,Recommended,282070,13316109,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,CrookedQueen,"I LOVE this game! This game really gives you the feel of being in the actual war. There're so many characters with have their own different backgrounds and stories which make the game very, very interesting. I just survived the war in my 3rd playthrough and still thinking of playing more because this game is not at all boring."
,Recommended,282070,13316233,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Korpz,Very Strategic.. If you loved Commandos youd die over this game. 9/10 from my side. :)
76561197971060576,Recommended,282070,13319611,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Tim_livid,"Gritty war survival game, but be warned, this game is hard."
76561198055424450,Recommended,282070,13320789,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,crmbob5,"I love this game, it is really fun but it should add multiplayer and it would be so much better"
,Recommended,282070,13321661,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Dimitri Senbrüsten,Love this game! Defenetly worth its money! Buy it!
76561198098409800,Recommended,282070,13171847,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lefthandedlion,GET IT NOWWWWWWWW
,Recommended,282070,13173457,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SubHerban Chief,"""We can use it to chop furniture ... Or people."""
76561197996422880,Recommended,282070,13173687,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cake Farts,My son sold his CS:GO Skins to get me this game. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,13174042,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ShakeTheSnake,The A.I. itself is worth $20
,Recommended,282070,13174371,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Starfruitninja,This game is really fun for those who are looking for a serious adventure.
76561198038870301,Recommended,282070,13175226,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,hot.damn.london,"Great game, despressing as hell! But a great experience of the real horrors of what war would really be like... Because let's be honest, as fun as the -insert patriotic sentiment here- shooters are, they don't represent a realistic portrail of real war.Thank god for the wikia that's growing online as I had no clue where to begin, but then again, thats the 'experience', being thrown in the deep end.Again, wonderful game and full credit to the developers who also have gone to help out War Child"
,Recommended,282070,13176456,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Scrambles,"Genre: 1.0/1.0This War of Mine brilliantly melds gaming aspects from popular survival titles with tactical RPGs in this indie title. Instead of taking control of the factions waging war, you take control of the civillians stranded in their warzone, suffering and starving. The survival game thing is starting to feel a little bit stale, but new takes on it like this breathe some much needed life back into the genre.Story/Plot: .75/1.0The story of this game is mostly static and uninteractive. The characters in your safehouse all form relationships based on their roles and stress levels, and their opinions regarding different situations will be viewable in a journal-like referance tab for each person. There is limeted plot, but it functions well and isn't entirely absent. My opinion is that this was a choice in favor of game mechanics, and not laziness or evidence of an underdeveloped game. In either case, you'll be forced to concern yourself with things more like: ""How are we going to live through winter"" and less like: ""Why is everyone fighting?""Game Play: 3.25/3.5This game is very easy to dive into, and even easier to fail at miserably. The focus is entirely devoted on surviving at all costs, the end game being when you either have no one left alive under your control or when the war is over. Sounds simple enough, right? Wrong. This War of Mine throws some decent curve balls. Your character's actions weigh on each other terribly, or otherwise. In the dead of winter your group may be starving, some of them injured..and every known location may be inaccessable due to snow, except the quiet house of an elderly couple. Easy enough, but robbing that old couple of everything they have might just send one of your team over the edge. You may need them to go on a run, or make the food, or sleep off an illness, but they sit there in total disbelief of the horrors they have seen, utterly broken. They will starve or freeze to death like that if you're not careful. That's right. A survival game that forces you to live with your actions...or die trying. The point and click interface of this game is very efficient, and controlling multiple characters this way was seamless. All menus function smoothly, and the upgrading/crafting is very familiar of other games thusly easy to understand. Unfortunately, some major but infrequent game crashing bugs keep forwning me away from a perfect score here.Replay Value: .5/.5Huge. With so many different play styles, the game's difficulty, the crafting possibilities and several different combinations of starting characters / random events I don't see the bottom yet.Price: .5/1.0I picked this game up during the Autumn sale. Without the sale, despite really enjoying the game, I would have to say that it's a bit expensive for what it is. It's not demanding on your system, it isn't about grinding, you don't have any additional paid options during the experience whatsoever - and it's an indie game. What do you expect?Audio: .75/1.5*Unable to rate music, audio systems compromised. To avoid showing bias, a score of .75 was given. This number is derived from a logical median exactly between the best and worst possible scores.Visual: 1.25/1.5Love it, down to the menus. Character detail could be a little higher, as a colorblind gamer I often find it hard to tell characters apart when their models are of identical size and similar shape.Conclusion: 7/10Great game. It's easy to dive into, and will keep you there through it all. From busting open those first filing cabinets, to killing for food, to drinking your problems away with crafted moonshine. War is Hell, and for once a game company has shed light on that aspect of things. Though I hate to say it's ""nice"" to see this, it's less insulting ethically to the concept of war than encouraging the glory of berating and personifying your enemies as homosexual female downs syndrome patients while you prod their virtual faces with your anatomically conservative groin repeadetdly after shooting them dead from behind a wall as they were tying their shoes. Which is nice to see.You know, from an ethical standpoint."
,Recommended,282070,13176868,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cromus,"It's a seriously toned game about a group of civilians trying survive in a combat zone. I highly recommend this game because it takes a serious look at a topic that we folks who live in the developed world seldom think about, but should at least consider.Why?Because you never know when the battlefield will show up on your doorstep."
76561197990229203,Recommended,282070,13177156,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,korblair,I swear this game should be GoTY of this year! :-)
76561198165422972,Recommended,282070,13196292,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,umut.ersoy2,I really suggest this game.9/10
76561198001156917,Recommended,282070,13224690,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,NxlZhr(McDrizzle),"Best game ever! it is like sims survival, with a slash of last stand union city on top. I like it, cause it is a great game!"
,Recommended,282070,19002663,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,dnlgjmnz,"This game is an absolute gem. Going day to day surviving through a war is amazing. It really sucks you in and it honestly doesn't get very tedious as things are constantly changing and new obstacles constantly need to be conquered as well as encountering new situations all the time and not knowing if the group of people in the supermarket with guns will fire upon you. Luckily for me the leader told me there was enough for everyone so I really lucked out there. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys strategy and working towards something. Upgrading the workshop to make more comfortable chairs that in turn make the people in the group a bit more content. From that to, strategically choosing when and where to loot as well as when you should go back to a place you've previously been to to collect items you couldn't take the last time around. This for me is a must buy. I got it on sale in the last week or so for I think it was $8.99. On sale for sure get it. I would say even at full price if you have the extra cash and this intrigues you as much as it did me."
,Recommended,282070,19101585,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Rickster,"This, is one of the most beautifully written games I've ever played.The graphics are on spot, the movement of the characters are realistic, and the situations are vivid.12/10 would buy again."
76561198084674911,Recommended,282070,19106150,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Airteez,"Very interesting game.. You start with 3 players and try to survive for a long as possible.  Each day someone comes to your door to barter, ask for help, or to provide various supplies.  Each day at exactly 8pm, night starts when you must assign tasks. Use your survivors skill for task they are best suited for to better their outcomes.  After dying a few...several times, I figured out a few secrets to surviving.  Build a stove to cook and always barter for meat and veggies because they're not always available and you can make multiple dishes to stretch the ingredients. make or barter for a weapon. It's easier to fend off looters at night even with the smallest weapon.  Build a couple of beds and a radio. Rested survivors do better than tired ones  and a radio will help you know when it's time to build a heater for winter.  If the cold catches you, your survisors could freeze to death in one night. Upgrade your work benchs to build more items like saws, and crow bars to opmitize your scavaging missions, as well as patches to board up your hideout to better protecxt against looters.  Keep your survivors content by paying attention to what they ask for.. it'll keep them upbeat and more productive. Dont steal or kill unless you have too.. your survivors will get demoralized and sad.   All in all, this is a pretty fun game to play. Happy surviving"
,Recommended,282070,19111880,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,GhostRobbie 2,"We were running out of food, everyone was exhausted, we were dying of sickness. The man who comes to our door to ""trade"" was trying to rob us blind, I had no choice. I had to break in to the apartment across the way. I knew there were people that lived there, but we were dying. I figured I could just slip in and out, hit the basement or something. Anything to just get something to keep us alive.To my surprise, I was able to get in easily and everything worked smoothly until I tried to leave. Thats when he saw me, and he lifted his gun from surprise and fear, and I lunged at him before he could shoot. I will never forget his face, it has always haunted me.Without hesitating I drove my knife into his chest. He gurgled a yell and hit the floor. Oh god. What happened? I ran for the door as fast as I could. Behind me I could hear them screaming. A woman yelled ""honey, please wake up!"" I had taken their family away. For what? Some vegetables? I fell to my knees and cried. Then I walked. But no matter how far I walked, the journey for me back home would never happen, because I died inside that night.I became broken. My brother had to journey out for me after that, I couldn't bring myself to even get out of bed anymore. That's how they got him. Knowing that the sniper's bullet was meant for me, that was my last straw. Now I'm the only one left, a fitting fate for me to watch you all pass on first. But I can't wait any longer, I'm coming to see you.I hope you all forgive me.10/10 Would have my soul broken again"
76561198005792854,Recommended,282070,19098339,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,InviS,This game turned me into a psychopath.10/10 would kill everyone at the church again.
76561198093408612,Recommended,282070,13346224,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TheNorwegianViking,A really good survival-game with great athmosphere.
76561198213973469,Recommended,282070,30598617,Posted: 18 March,all,JDCooper,It`s good ^^
,Recommended,282070,18978642,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,BJoverkill,Great game. Great message. Constant updates and improvements. Polished product.Raiting well deserved.
76561198078339075,Recommended,282070,13141790,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,thomas.tempe,"This game is beautifully thought out. It gives the player a lot of freedom, but still pushes him through hard decisions and small victories. Contrary to most simulation games, you can't just go through trying to maximize your score, you get attached to the characters' struggles, and have to let in some humanity.Though this game carries the ""indy"" label, it feels very polished and coherent from start to finish.With such a dark and realistic theme, I was afraid that it would make me depressed; but in the end, it was actually a pleasant experience. --not for children, thougt.Definitely a good game."
76561198012843198,Recommended,282070,13142429,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,magicrat,"This is interesting, in a good way.  The game essentially is resource management and reaction to terrible wounds and depression of your people.So far I have not finished a playthrough, but I could not stop playing it, I just had to sleep.  It seems like my game is coming to a point where we are goign to start dieing.  We are running out of food, and have no bandages for wounds.  Not sure taking on the  4th person a few days in was a great idea.I remember my first encounter with other people, a guy just ran up directly at me.  I paniced, and stabbed him.  He yelled for help, so I finished the job.  Another guy ran in, I felt that he would attack me, so I stuck him with my knife too.  This was repeated over and over, until I relized that they were all unarmed and probably would have been friendly.  In all I killed 6 people there, due to panic.  After these events my survivors have started into sadness and depression.Very nice game."
76561198036030569,Recommended,282070,13143301,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,kelsa.delphi,"The art is beautiful. The atmosphere is perfect for bringing you into the mood of a civilian trapped in an extended siege. The moral choices are heartbreaking, and the effects immediate. Honestly, if survival is even a little bit your genre I highly recommend it."
76561197967099822,Recommended,282070,13144183,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Zdavem,An absolut gem of a game!
76561198041210365,Recommended,282070,13144896,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,NormalONLY,Everything is good except no save option in the menu. Thumb down for cannot save at anytime
76561198031349045,Recommended,282070,13144943,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,coldwaraaron,"There are not many games that really make you feel despair. This game succeeds in that regard. I can recomend this game to anyone. I only hope that we see more levels, or a sequel; I'd love to see the developer build upon this game idea.5 stars. Buy it and try to survive."
76561198070719684,Recommended,282070,13146061,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[NCE] Dirpy Turtle,Really good game im in to it alot and its a fun and a little hard game but i just with you could chat with peaople when you raide
76561198117141647,Recommended,282070,13194538,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,christophas,"I've really enjoyed playing this game. The music, graphics and the in-game-events - all is made to allow you to immerse in the scenario. And this is exactly what you should do.Despite what some people say I got the impression that it is not that hard to ""win"" this game if you let yourself be caught by the scenario and act accordingly. Reason is that (in my opinion) the programmers did a great afford into making the game-mechanics kind of realistic. So don't wonder if your guys get depressed if you go around and slaughter civilians and take their stuff, the same would happen to you. And about the build-order in your shelter - what would be your priorities?Following this idea I accomplished my last game without harming any civilian or stealing stuff from them. Felt great.The game for itself became much more enjoyable after the last few updates enhancing immersion and game stability. The only disappointment thus fare is, that the randomization of the different places could have been more profoundly. Right now after one or two run-throughs you can play a lot of locations blindfolded. This is kinda immersion-breaking and reduces the replayability.But all in all a great game I would recommend anybody, especially if you have a favor for strategic games."
76561198014680241,Recommended,282070,13194687,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,FiShStiCKz,"For an indie game, TWoM pretty much has it all, I played the crap out of this for 2 days straight when I first got it. Totally love the music and the devs are throwing in bug fixes like every day. Hope to see more content added in the future.10/10 would rob the old people again."
76561198036731666,Recommended,282070,13196566,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Woshiez,I think this is a really great game.
76561198007458293,Recommended,282070,13198784,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Kike,just 3
76561198013828423,Recommended,282070,26545799,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[VA] Mannjaco,For sure worth the money.
,Recommended,282070,26546319,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NJOldersocks,"Such a wonderful game. I recommend not using any mods that make the game easy; it removes from the experience. Music is great, gameplay is engaging, and the atmosphere is very immersive. The only thing that would make this better is more content."
,Recommended,282070,26546442,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bany,"Very interesting concept. Having to control and maintain the health of multiple different characters was challenging and fun. I absolutely loved playing this. There is a small amount of replayability but after the third or fourth playthrough I did find it pretty repetitive as some of the same decisions need to be made. I also didnt like that using your fists on someone would also just kill them, mistakenly made this mistake when I was looking for food for my characters and I ran into an elderly gentleman and his wife and they cornered me and tried to kill me. I thought I would just knock them out but I ended up being apart of a double murder, whoops."
,Recommended,282070,26546678,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The Ting Go Skrrra!,"Note: Playing VanillaAlthough maybe not as realistic as first shown, it nonetheless reveals the horrors of war, especially civil war, and shows how those left behind in the fighting zone are everyday people, not the dirty, jobless, useless refugees the media (except PBS and BBC, tbh) want to show us. This game forces you to make tough decisions and when you lose a character not only do you lose usefulness in surviving, but you for a second you feel angry, sad--and the other characters who've been living alongside them feel the same. When I finished my first playthrough, I was breathless and speechless. I had just lost a character a couple ""days"" before and I had the feeling that I suspect many people in these situations do that if it could've just ended a little earlier, they everyone could have survived. All in all, it's technically masterful, artisticly distinct and striking, and challenging, albeit the gameplay can get formulaic and the background tracks although well done and atmospheric lose their power after many plays (except for that title track; it will never be not powerful). Worth the buy, and once you have played it, you'll want to buy that War Charity DLC.Incidently, I think I bought it off of Humble Bundle Store, so twice I donated.6/8 imo on an IB grading scale :P"
,Recommended,282070,26546956,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Pushmeout,This game is simply amazing.
,Recommended,282070,26548393,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Śħăđőŵ 39,Deep and emotional.
,Recommended,282070,26989004,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Confidential,"This game is easily the best money I have ever spent. You become so deeply involved with the stories of the characters, choosing who eats, who starves, who sleeps, who guards, who scavenges, who helps, who harms, who steals, that you forget that you're playing a game."
,Recommended,282070,26989300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,s0lo,Tough Life Makes Me Cry!
,Recommended,282070,26989481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UniQMG◙,I'm not crying.really i'm not.that guy who just got shot and died isn't crying.his bunkermates are though.they're dead now.
76561198290764065,Recommended,282070,23850238,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,winkung,"Update ANNIVERSARY EDITION, Must Play Again"
76561198020967548,Recommended,282070,26987468,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slanse,played a lot of game were the idea is awsome and the gamplay ruins it. This game is amazing as it nails both. After 3 playtrought the game always find a way to make you wieght your action vs your need for ressource. perfectly fitting artwork and bitter sweet good moment and nail bitting moment when the foods run down.Definitly a must for any lover of emotional/survival/grim story driven game
76561198082772317,Recommended,282070,26831149,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CAT'S RAGE,Best game in “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” category!!
,Recommended,282070,26832115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kungfurawr,.
76561198135389453,Recommended,282070,26978004,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tiagogil00,Great game. The diferent sets makes you play more.Great enviroment. Gives a new perspective in survival games.
,Recommended,282070,26978475,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,trewq,Buying the game is easy..  playing through it felt difficult.the choices you make in game is a reality for people living in warzone.   T_T
,Recommended,282070,26984919,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SuperFly,"Best Simulation surviving war game, It's a game sthat make syou thinking on the decision."
,Recommended,282070,26985233,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dinkleberg,I get anxiety while playing this game but in a good way I think? Easy to play and enjoy.
76561198036927203,Recommended,282070,26983296,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zachmap,"This game is an emotional trip.  It balances perfectly the need of the characters (and the player) to maintain their sense of humanity and the consequences of trying to be the good guy in war.  It took me five separate runs before I even made it to day 20, not to even mention completing a single run.  When I did complete it, I had to resort to murder and theft to survive.  This War of Mine is not a game that gives you a ""feel good"" ending, but the ending isn't a kick in the balls either.  It doesn't make you feel good, but you certainly feel different after playing it.  Play the game if you want to see what I mean (it's a steal on sale).My first complaint I have with the game is with the controls.  Combat is very hard relying on only the mouse, so I didn't use it after my first few runs and just used stealth.  You could argue that the developers wanted to reward the patience of stealth over running and gunning, but I feel that it should be easier to kill one person by spraying a Kalashnikov at them than by stabbing them repeatedly.  Still, this is balanced with the enemies who take quite a long time to aim and some survivors (here's looking at you, Pavle) can often run faster than a soldier can aim.My last complaint is that I feel the game could have a bit more variance.  By the time I finished my first run, I figured out most of the locations and their alternate events and how to effectively manage the shelter.  Different characters change a little bit of the strategy (playing using only Cvete and Anton for example is God awful), but overall I wouldn't change it far too much in subsequent runs (though most of the beauty of each character is in discovering who he was before the war and watching him develop).  I think the game would be better with more locations, more unique shelters and more unique improvements for each.  Overall, however, I think the game is absolutely phenomenal and should definitely be bought on sale."
,Recommended,282070,26981885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zae`Ich,"Enough said, even with its positive rating it's really underrated.What can I say, unlike a certain somebody who usually can't give two thoughts to stealing or killing because ""It's just a game"" --*cough*-- the characters have emotion.Jake was an amateur photographer before the war, and during it he holed up in a house. Inside the house were two other people that all did not know each other, Elise and Aster. There was tension, at first, but they soon got over it to survive together. Jake would nightly go out and explore, to get supplies to support themselves and Aster would defend Elise. One night, Jake got caught. He was shot in the arm and soon died as the gunshot wound festered and corrupted. Elise and Aster were left. Aster took Jake's place and one night went out, leaving Elise with a shotgun and some shells. Aster would come back at dawn, to find blood all around the house. Elise was dead, beheaded brutally by the people that Jake was caught by. She took the gun, and said goodnight."
,Recommended,282070,26964684,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,579,"A must-have. Simple yet complex, easy to play but hard to master if you don't want to get heavily punished by your mistakes/choices, with a nice soundtrack and realistic characters, it really transports your mind into the cruelty of war. Love it."
,Recommended,282070,13231347,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Hollowman,"Awsome game. Expect to have everyone starve, get shot, freeze to death in your first playthough."
76561198082830534,Recommended,282070,13231357,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,KeViNaToR,i really enjoy playing this game. if you are into survival games then this is a no-brainer. some things can be repetitive but thats ok. i recommend it
76561198049673760,Recommended,282070,13231426,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Axyr,"Most war scenarios focus on you, a soldier of some rank and file, who has the support of his squad and constant supply drops and - NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPE.This War of Mine is dark. You start with nothing but a single workshop, and some items are extremely hard to find. ""Oh hey, I can upgrade my workbench - oh wait, I need X amount of X.... dammit...""Your survivors are controlled by point and click, but each member can have different personalities or traits - on one playthrough as I was adjusting, I had a skilled scavenger, 15 backpack slots, YES! Unfortunately, he wasn't a fast runner and the militia caught him...It truly shows what I feel to be the full desperation of wartime survival - people scrounging through the rubble, hiding at churches, even those who feel that if they stay inside all will be fine. Your scavengers actions also influence those at your ""home"". Imagine my surprise when my scavenger came home after bludgeoning a couple in their house for meds and food, to see the other occupants all stress about it - was not expecting that. Likewise, defeat a militia member and they will celebrate.TL;DR - This game is great! GET IT!!!"
76561198034927361,Recommended,282070,13217390,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kushluk_Shimazu,"For as long as I have been gaming (Which has been most of my life) I have played games from First Person shooters, to real time strategies, to role-playing games, to even simulation games. So with that in mind, trust me when I say that I have not played anything like This war of Mine.This game tackles the forgotten question of the everyday person who gets caught in between warring factions. How do they survive? What acts will they commit to protect their own? Will they abandon their morality for the sake of making through to another day? Will they help others in need? All of these questions, This War of Mine does with flying colors as a game.After beating the game, which took me 50+ hours, I can honestly say it was worth the cost. I highly recommend this game, and I hope to see you after your own war."
,Recommended,282070,13217504,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MarikCraven,Very good game. Like the concept of the game and the execution. Needs more modes though. Maybe something like a infinite survival mode. Or a mode where your characters can learn some traits down the line. I.E. If one of them kills people and starts killing enough they become adept at it.
76561197969395827,Recommended,282070,13218278,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Opponent 1,"The anti Call of Duty. A thoughtful, well-paced simulation with rougelike elements and resource management."
76561197995424767,Recommended,282070,13220691,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Evilmunki,"Fantastic game. Portrays a very grim and darkly realistic war zone situation, where you have to manage a group of civilian's health, hunger, and moral fortitude through a siege of an unknown period of days (including a cold season), by foraging, trading, stealing, altruism, and crafting. It is short, but hard; and random start means there is replayability. Probably some scope for different playstyles, depending on what characters you get at the start. Highly recommended."
76561197993051563,Recommended,282070,13221016,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Hanuman,"Cool game, once I figured out the game though it became rather straight forward and a little too slow... I definitely enjoyed it and played it a bunch, but I doubt I'll revisit the game."
76561198098275981,Recommended,282070,13221126,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kyle,"Loved and still love this game. So far only did two playthroughs and survived until the end in both, but every experience is vastly different. In the first one the first two weeks were incredibly easy, and the hardships started when winter came down. I lost two survivors, gained two others, and was barely holding on when the war ended. In the second, I had a difficult start where I needed to manage my supplies well or be at risk of dying,  but a bit before winter came I had everything - a garden for vegetables, an upgraded stove, Bruno cooking deluxe meals almost every days, and an upgraded heater along with lots of fuel and wood. The only downside is that I had Bruno twice, and started off with the same characters as one of my friends on the first playthrough (Katia, Bruno and Pavle). I'm wondering if that's a default for everyone? I wanna learn more about the other survivors' stories!"
,Recommended,282070,13221915,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Stormy,This is bad game ever.7.8/10
,Recommended,282070,13199544,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,jthewm,"This War of Mine is fantastic. The premise alone is an inherently interesting one but when combined with the grueling gameplay, it's hard not to be enthralled. Ernest Hemingway's starting quote sums the whole thing up perfectly: ""In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.Tough choices abound, and the losses you're faced with and the consequenses of your actions can change how and if you survive another day. A perfect balance between a game and an experience."
,Recommended,282070,13223018,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,luk3us,"Awesome little game, takes a different approach on the war genre. You'll probably lose quite a few times in the beginning just getting used to the systems but once you do its quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,282070,13149590,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,your proverbial boy,"10/10 game, never written a review before, but this game is awesome."
76561198073542505,Recommended,282070,13152642,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,mattyice,Very interesting and fun mini-game. I say mini-game because the replay value isn't very high. It was worth the money to stay entertained for 75% of the day but I'm not sure if I'll ever go back to it.
76561198082617775,Recommended,282070,13153687,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,orpheous,A darkness side of the sims.
76561198043460732,Recommended,282070,13153787,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Umaru,"When I first saw this game being played by a youtuber, my initial impressions was that it was yet another survival game but man was I wrong. This War of mine combines elements of survival you find in games like Don't Starve with the themes of surviving as a civilian in a city at war.This game doesn't blow you away with its graphics however what it does exceed at is story-telling and strategy.  You will face many ethical dilemmas such as prioritizing your own well being over others that are trying to survive the war. Early in my first few hours I raided a small apartment killing the guy and girl as a result, only to find a diary indicating that these two were just trying to survive to get by. Although the game technically lasts between 38-42 days, there is high replayability due to the fact that you start with different characters and conditions in each run (e.g. Winter vs Warm conditions).Elements like that plus some strategy in devising a plan on which resources to create make this game one of my favourite purchases to play this year. No wonder it made back its development costs in two days.What I've found a bit frustrating is that certain parts of the game are still bugging. E.g. I had a crowbar permenantly equipped on one of my characters, whenever he tried to open cabinets, the icon would freeze in progress and he would stop his action. The crowbar was able to sold in barter but I could never use the crowbar action past that point. I had to abandon that run. There are also instances in which the game generates doors which are barred from one side with no real way of reaching it.Other than those few major bugs, the game is a definite recommend. I would love to see some DLC for new characters or even an endless mode added to the game, however I don't think that will be happening anytime soon. Nonetheless, a must play for 2014."
76561197975216179,Recommended,282070,13154326,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tito,"Tough highly emotional impact game, but extremely satisfying to stay alive for another day."
76561198123086051,Recommended,282070,13007659,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,djoelie84,"Have been playing this game for 3 hours, and I have to say it's pretty amazing. If you're at all interested in games that offer more emotionally involving gameplay than your average triple A,BUY THIS!CONSRelatively slow gameplayIf you get emotionally invested in characters easily, be prepared for the feels...PROSControl multiple survivors by day to craft stuffScavenge by night in (abandoned?) buildingsSee a different side of warTry to find the right stuff and manage your stuff and help your survivors.. survive...My one tip so far:Try to have some faith in humanity"
,Recommended,282070,13322495,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,bazzel742541,"A game about the slow, maddening descent into Murder, Theft, and Depression.Had to starve a ♥♥♥♥♥ to kill her because she was terminally ill and Lethally Wounded..... 10/10 would kill her againAnother game, Saw a Hobo who needed food.... Gave him food, then beat him to death with my fists.... Gave me nothing... 17/10 would kill again"
76561197969642215,Recommended,282070,13493614,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Creeping,"Most immersive game I've played in a while.Challenging, unforgiving, doesn't hold your hand even for a second.There's no saving/loading - if you ♥♥♥♥ed up, deal with it.Just like in a real war, sometimes you have to do horrible things to survive, and you have to live with the consequences.This is f9cking intense."
,Recommended,282070,13495847,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,sosig,day 207:well♥♥♥♥♥♥.. i've been playing this game too much
,Recommended,282070,13496276,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,JackBoosh,"The game is great, live it and love the concept. The combat system is quite buggy but seeing as this game hasn't been out long hopefully they will address that.  Recommended."
76561197979632129,Recommended,282070,13824269,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,GeneralCleanup,Truly an awesome game. Just buy it don't think about it. I dont normally like point and click adventure style games but this was an excellent exception. ...GOTY
76561198029483815,Recommended,282070,13824493,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TnA,A good tasting flavor in lifes box of chocolates.
,Recommended,282070,13825335,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Montymint,An amazing game. It pulls you in from the frst second and refuses to let you go until it's done.
76561198053348062,Recommended,282070,13826366,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wizard of Ooze,"I've tried some other high rated survival games like Don't Starve and just found them tedious.  So, I wasn't sure about this one before I bought it.  I did anyway, and it turned out to be a really awesome game.  Despite some relatively simple gameplay that seems like it should be repetitive, the fact that you're almost always in the brink of disaster (starvation, sickness, having to take risks) makes you always want to just play one more day to see if it's going to turn out alright.  This also makes it very satisfying when you find a valuable item or enough food for the whole house.  And materials are always just scarce enough for you to have to really choose between your short term needs and your long term goals.I've played quite a few hours before finally surviving to the end of the war.  I'm not sure how much depends on dumb luck or strategy or what is pre-scripted.  It SEEMS to be a rather random game regarding what items you find, however I could only know that with multiple playthroughs and remembering what items I found where.  Based on comments I've seen from other players, I fear there might be some pre-determined item locations (for example) which could be learned and used, unforunately.  I always find itThe different characters you can end up with are neat, though I'm not sure they change your approach in any integral way.  Still, you can easily identify and use the strong points of most of your survivors.After having beaten it once, I'm pretty confident I'll go back to it, though between my successful playthrough and my failed oens, I think I've pretty much seen all the possible locations and events.  I'll be looking forward to some updates or DLC to increase the replayability.A very satisfying game.  I recommend it.  Any additional content to be released at a later date can only make it better!"
76561197995457906,Recommended,282070,13826726,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nogginz,"While playing this game, i strongly reccomend doing a bit of research on the location and events of which this game is in fact bassed on, the siege of Sarajevo during the Bosnian war.a brutal 1495 day siege in where snipers were common place, and civilians were the targets. children too.honestly. look it up. then play this.depression simulator 2014."
76561197996911069,Recommended,282070,13827807,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Infiltrator,Murdered an elderly couple for food. 10/10 Would kill again.Four out of five of my surviors froze to death or were murdered. 10/10  Would buy again.I now feel like a horrible person for enjoying war games. 10/10 Would not bomb Syria
,Recommended,282070,13827943,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,pepperoni-pizza,"This is a pretty intense game. You get attached to the characters. For someone like me, who wastes resources willy nillie, this game is a challenge and so far I have thouroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,282070,13834739,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Chapacha,"Very gritty and it has an overall great atmosphere. At first I thought I'd have no problem being the souless player just looking out for myself, but  after my first couple interactions with other AI where I didn't save them or help them, I felt sad about it. Great game!"
76561198109193371,Recommended,282070,13834860,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,bridpri,"Fun, stressful... Awesome!"
,Recommended,282070,13836004,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Thadir,"This game is so good, it makes me feel terrible it gives you the feelings of horror and depression. The things that actealy happen in a war. This game showed me things about war I read about but now I actually felt it the horrors when one of my survivors got killed. Or the choose between them or us.. its hard.. its gritty and its not fun.This game is an emotional roller-coaster that we should let every one experience, so they understands a bit of the horrors of war. You will never truly understand them probably but this game shows us a glimpse a hand out to maybe understand it better. This is not a happy go getter game its really really gritty and hard."
76561197994801170,Recommended,282070,13836941,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Juggernott,"The creator of this game was featured in a magazine discussing the development, and personal connection.  The article peaked my interest in buying this game, and seeing his past through his eyes.  His personal connection shows in the characters created, and emotions that are expressed.  He captures the premise that even in terrible situations there are good people that will stay the high road to the end. He has also captured all to well how characters can change for the worse in the name of survival of friend, and family.  His development of stress, pressure, emotions, and in the end, breaking of spirit is amazing. Well done, and good luck."
76561197981255414,Recommended,282070,13791875,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ChillBilly,http://youtu.be/GfmxiWa43Pg
,Recommended,282070,13792751,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mazda Customer Service,"Wasn't sure what to expect coming into this game. Now, less than an hour played and only 5 days in, I've robbed a man whose daughters were slaughtered, helped a man whose brother was shot by a sniper, been caught stealing by a group similar to mine, been victimized by the theft of all my food and water, and my 3 members are all exhausted, sick, wounded, or hungry. This game is, quite frankly, nerve racking and quite terrifying to think about when put in context with the horrors of war. Definitely a step back from the jingoistic, ball-busting action of most war games today."
,Recommended,282070,13792931,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,enfiye,Great game.
76561198020092074,Recommended,282070,13672188,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Antonius,"One of the best games I have ever played.  I have started at least 10 new games on this and each run is different from the last.  Hours of your life will be spent scavenging, killing for food, stealing, and trying to keep warm.  A must have for any post apocolyptic guru."
76561198032117414,Recommended,282070,13672204,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,rageaff,This is an excellent game!
,Recommended,282070,13632954,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Wysh,"Introduction:=========This War of Mine definitely delivers!A game where rather than playing as someone on either side of the war (the military or the rebels), you play as a simple group of survivors trying to survive.A fun, difficult at times, new experience on life during the war. Each character has a unique story, which fits well within the game, and if you survive long enough to make it to the end of the war, you get to find out what happens to each character... But is it positive?Brief Review:==========I have made two runs of the game, and made it through both.Pros:--------Difficulty Increases; Survivor group dependent.-Originality; Each playthrough is slightly different. (Locations change, Scenarios change, Seasons change)-Melee Combat; Number generated, more likely to win if your character is well fed and content-Graphics; Simple, gritty, and beautiful-Resonably pricedCons:--------Easy base raids; You will rarely lose a raid with guns for each of your survivors and 10+ ammo-Scavenge Combat; If your scavenger is fully equipped, you are pretty much unstoppable-Sneaking; Sometimes you will be found even though you're making no noise whatsoever.Thoroughly enjoyed This War of Mine, there is so much potential to replay! Change character group, try different locations for scavenging, and survive many, many a war.Rating: 8/10In Depth Review:=============After playing the game through a second time, I can safely say I have grown more in love with the game.My first playthrough the war last a very long time. My base become fully secure, I had 5 survivors, and 10 days before the war ended, I had enough medicine, bandages, food, weapons, and armour that my survivors were well fed and content. We never lost raids, and no one could oppose me while scavenging.My second playthrough the war was very short, lasting half the time of my first playthrough. However, this playthrough had me getting very angry every night. The war started in winter, for almost half of the war, everyone was sick and wounded, and there was very little I could do about it. I could never gather enough resources. The raids started very early, and got very aggressive even earlier, that is what frustrated me the most. Just as I was finally getting a nice stockpile of resources, they would disappear.However, the difficulty increase was refreshing and unexpected and made me strive to beat the game!Both playthroughs had me in different bases, different seasons and some different starting locations. This was perfect, as it created originality in a sense. First I had to replan my base, as this one was completely new to me.The starting locations were different but familiar. However, even though they were familiar, they had changed ever so slightly. Instead of starting on the left side of a location, I started on the right side of some of them.Scenarios changed, I went to the supermarket and my first playthrough was the 'drunken military officer' scenario, the second was a 'band of thugs'. This through me off, as I only expected one scenario, so I set up for that particular scenario, however I had to retreat and be left with a very unproductive night of scavenging.On my first play through I didn't really need the alcohol distiller, so I didn't bother seeing what it did and learning what I needed for it. However, on my second play through, making pure alcohol to make bandages and herbal meds, really was a must.I will update this section with each playthrough, rewriting things that need rewriting and updating new things."
76561198074895455,Recommended,282070,13672285,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,KillToLive,Very cool game
76561198127859833,Recommended,282070,30918244,Posted: 3 April,all,hippieFOS,yes
,Recommended,282070,19421297,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cr3aM,"SImilar to middle east so it feels familiar.now it's 2016, nothing changed."
,Recommended,282070,26891078,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yolo Swaginson,"A game that puts the player in command of 2-4 civilians surviving in war. The player has to manage food and supplies, keep the survivors in a healthy state, keep the safehouse safe, upgrade workstations, fight against weather and time. With actual combat, stealth and stealing, the survivors of war have morals. Certain people break down when they kill people, others accept fighting as a way of life. Physically, mentally and psychologically the player and his/her survivors will break down eventually."
,Recommended,282070,26891763,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,redp,A compelling and honest portrayl of otherwise difficult situations not otherwise depicted in games.
,Recommended,282070,26910828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maciej Medyk,This War of Mine gives new perspective on warThis War of Mine is game by Polish developer which is focused on survival during the war. You manage the group of people with different needs and skills that have to band together to survive. You will find that keeping a group alive and well fed is a difficult task and managing group happiness is difficult. This game is very well made and pulls you in to care about your group members.Pros+ Atmosphere of war and how it affects your group+ Moral choices have real effect on your gameplay+ Easy interface and easy way of commanding your group+ Difficult to make everyone happy+ Great graphicsCons- NoneThis is an essential purchase for anyone that like survival games and wants to play something different than killing zombies. This game is about actual struggle of making difficult choices when under pressure of starvation.
76561198040037003,Recommended,282070,26920929,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,arschthonius,"Moving and some kind of depressing, this game shows how video games can go beyond the typical AAA games."
,Recommended,282070,26814979,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zadma2010,"i have killed innocent guys for my own survival , that's all! how's sad it is..."
,Recommended,282070,26806416,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Greyhunt,"This is not a game for everyone, it is hard, you will let people die."
,Recommended,282070,26805727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Interdimentional Apricot,Great game if you love crying and feeling like a despicable human being
,Recommended,282070,26837003,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Israel1109,Just you and all what you willl do...
76561198082773255,Recommended,282070,13842669,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Cpt. Jack04,"This game is fantastic! The mood and atmoshpere was created brillantly. I just survived with a group and tried to load the epilog, but the game crashed. However that might be because it is not added yet which is okay as it is a work in progress. Keep up that great work guys, and thank you for creating this for enjoyment. ^.^BUY THE GAME!"
,Recommended,282070,26808769,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fastfander,True face of war.
76561198009882337,Recommended,282070,26929593,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McQueen,"War. War never changes. As it's said in incredibly Fallout series. Now, we can see it from another side. War never changes at all. Be a innocent person kicked into war. Kill for food or be starving, but rest as a man. This War of Mine is not a simulator like Sims, but never ending brutal fight for life. Obligatory position to all who thinks a war is just a game, fun game. Nope."
76561198082298730,Recommended,282070,26922397,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DavidTap,It's okay.
,Recommended,282070,26931394,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,umts,Best way to get miserable
76561197980061293,Recommended,282070,26930266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wildbore2000,Great game.
76561197967274641,Recommended,282070,26920141,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,danglyparts,A very well made respource managment game. I cannot reccomend this one enough but it is a bit depressing.
,Recommended,282070,26943387,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Onihunga,"While other games glorify war and being a soldier, this war of mine asks you to step back on focus on civilians who have to survive in thier bleak wartorn surroundings.This game will challenge your moral compass, Do you pilfer from people in as much or greater need than you? Do you risk your parties lives to assist others? Do you trust the person who randomly turns up at your location to not kill you for your supplies?A beautiful survival sim set in a harsh reality."
76561198094935797,Recommended,282070,26926836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[M.A.C.O.] Schrödinger,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have to say this. The developers did an amazing job catching the feeling of what it's like to be a civilian in the middle of an active warzone. It hits right in the feels at times and covers the harsh choices people have to make when they are caught up in the middle of two sides going at it. Best part is their DLC goes directly as a donation to the WarChild fund, which is one of the top in humanitarian aid. Just never expected a video game to pull this off.While I myself was never a civilian caught in such a situation. I know what it's like to be around civilians who have on a daily basis. People who want help, are desperate, are scared, and confused. We used to do humanitarian missions from time to time to give aid to them when needed. The looks on a crowd of scared peoples faces is something you never forget for the rest of your life. Even more so is when you can make a few of them smile with basic items like clean water, soap, clothing, and warm food. It makes you think how lucky your family back home has it compared to some people on this planet.This game brings back a lot of good, and bad things I've heard from civilians I looked over in the past. Very well done."
,Recommended,282070,26887063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Orry,"My “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award 2016.Children knock at your door and ask for medicin for their mum and of course you give them 2 bandages. The next raid for food goes horribly wrong and you now have a wounded member in bed and all are struggling with food. You know you have to steal from the elderly pair the next day and know they won't make it because of that..."
76561198039611961,Recommended,282070,12979662,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Masamune,"8.5/10The few problems i have with the game are random crashs between the day and night cycle, and sometimes buggy combat where youre trying to shoot a guy down and latter and you charecter instead slides down the later move and shoot need to be two differnt keys also the game is not completly random after a few play threws you can kind of come up with a stratagy based on the group the game gives you"
,Recommended,282070,12979952,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Kangpark,"You dont know what a ""horrible person"" is till you steal from the elderly"
,Recommended,282070,12980146,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,atom fenrir,"This game .... is too realistic.I wanted to just go stab people and take their stuff, like I would in any other game, but this game factors in how actual human beings might feel about doing stuff like that. Wtf.10/10 would cry myself to sleep again."
,Recommended,282070,12980827,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,uɐɐılʎʇs,"Most depressing game ive ever played... Not sure if i found it fun or just wanted to beat it....I know ill play it again, but i hope to forget what ive played so far..Only recommended it becayse i know ill play it again, maybe i shouldnt of recommended it."
,Recommended,282070,12980955,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Nyanderthal,"I love it, you might as well. check it out.do eet! <deleted motivational speech> do it for Boris!!"
76561197970398432,Recommended,282070,13015362,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Thin White Duke,Exceptional game in many ways. Very nearly flawless. And 24 hours in I'm still discovering new things.
76561198003886614,Recommended,282070,13016156,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Bez,"This is the first review I have ever written, it will also probably be my last.You see, a review to me is more than a summary of words on a sheet of paper, or typed into a screen...It is a feeling, one that cannot possibly be described with all the tools given to us in any language.What I can offer is this...You should 100% play this game.If only for the raw emotions that you will stagger through or the tough decisions that you will ultimately have to make in order to keep your group breathing and fed for just one more day.This war of Mine is an incredible portrayal of war-time and the devestating day-to-day choices that you will encounter only in war time. Should you steal that elderly couples last tin of food? Will they survive if you do? What about your own survivors? Are they not worth a lot more to you than these 2, who will probably die of old-age soon anyway? Is breaking into that armed warehouse a good idea?These are the kind of things you will have to wrestle yourself with morally and emotionally.It looks beautiful, it plays beautiful, it is very well polished and extremely well made.You'll find yourself playing over and over again just to try and survive that little bit longer. Afterall, war can't last forever. Can it?Do the screenshots do this game justice? No.Should you ignore them and buy this game anyway? YES.Contender for one of THE best games ever made? Without a shadow of a doubt.Why are you still reading? Just buy the damn thing."
76561198029898506,Recommended,282070,13016377,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[GC]Ted Striker,One of the best games I`ve ever played!
,Recommended,282070,13016386,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Etoilesxx,"Great game, very addictive! :)"
,Recommended,282070,13016638,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ReVaL,"Very nice game.  One of the best single player games I've ever played.  What I especially like about this game is that you are not gonna win by going in guns blazing, which is the norm these days.  You actaully have to be clever in you approaches and use force smartly.I hope some of the minor bugs will be fixed with the success they have had with the game.Here are a few I noticed:1. Sometimes the cabinets cannot be broken even though you have the hatchet.  Lost 2 guys in the winter to this glitch.2. Chose to go scavenging with the saw, but UI dsiplays hatchet.  Functionality of saw retained though.3. Sometimes the bottom level right hand side boarded-up door in the shelter cannot be selected to be broken down.Made to the end by surviving 42 days :)"
,Recommended,282070,15222238,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,stang.gang.55,"While a physical war is waged outside the characters' heads, an even fiercer one rages within between survival instinct and morality. It's up to you to decide who will win."
76561198040980585,Recommended,282070,15222760,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,GMAN,"War is Hell...  that is the central message of the game.  More so than anyother game I've play this game is less about you trying to win then trying to show you, you can't win.  The game machanics are well made and thoughtout, everything is fairly intuitive.  Trying to survive day to day, while dealing with random events and shortages really brings home the desperate state of war.  This is not your feel good, zombie killing survival game.  This game drains you, but thats alright.  I really like the message the game is trying to convay, and raise awareness for.  War Child is a great charity and I am more than willing to pay a little overpriced to help the cause.  There are a few things that could be improved upon, combat is basically just clicking, now this works most of the time because its trying to be short and brutal.  But sometimes it just feels awkward.  Also, for a game about emotion, I would like my characters to interact more (Sims comes to mind).  Otherwise a solid survival game."
76561198078578554,Recommended,282070,15223342,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Johny Sins,"Cleared the whole military base with roman and a knife, balanced game is balanced.12/10"
,Recommended,282070,15223492,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Jayden,"With a mixture of survival gameplay versus moral actions, This War of Mine not only refers to the conflicts that occur in game, but to your own moral conscious. Tough decisions will have to be made when you place your lives above others. This War of Mine shows the brutality of war from the civilians' perspective, and I highly recommend this title as its message and artstyle are truly unique."
,Recommended,282070,15224056,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,𝔯 𝔢 ℜ 𝔲 𝔫,"Okay, I'm going to start this saying that this game already almost had me in tears for me wanting to punch a priest.10/10But for real, this game is brilliant, I don't need many hours to claim that I will love this game more and more when I play more."
76561198036072139,Recommended,282070,15224352,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"When you  start with you can choose  differnt groups of survivers and every group has its own challenge.  Some may carry little items, some start in the middle of the freezing winter, some might even be alone. Some of your team members kill with no regret others struggel every time you have to make a hard call to survive? As in real life would you kill to get the medecine for your friend even if the one you kill is as innocent as the one you try to save? The map changes aswell from game to game. The area that in the first playtru was a trading post might now be overun with people that wanne do you harm.  Its a game that makes you think and were the people you ""controll"" seem very human and complex. This game I love it and I hate it at the same time.. The reson I love it its becasue its a game that challange you as a stratigic thinker and as a human aswell.. what I hate about it is how for me every time I make a hard call it dont feel like a victory it feels like you have to choose to survie no matter what the cost.. and deep inside I know that someone somewere probly have to make that call in real life.."
76561198108268161,Recommended,282070,15224430,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,swampdog42,"Went to the church for supplies. Preist gets mad and sends armed bodyguard after me and kills me. Get mad, send in character that is war ready. Butchered everyone in church out of revenge.10/10would kill congregation again."
76561198147489956,Recommended,282070,15224517,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Twelfth Truth,Creative. Very fun!
76561198027472901,Recommended,282070,15226024,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Charles,"Very easy to play point and click game, that really draws you in very easily!Once you find your way around, it's easy to get stuck in...makes you think about the realities of war."
76561198202239332,Recommended,282070,15226849,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DaddyGagnon,"When i saw this game i thought it was going to be extremaly boring and run terribly, but  i thought the oppisite once i got it. I highly suggest this game to anyone, because it has the perfect blend of everything."
76561198110860617,Recommended,282070,15226919,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sir Savage,"Buy game                             a very fun and challanging game with Murder,Drama and tears all the way threw the game.start game                          CANT STOP PLAYING.cryplay game                           10/10cryfinish game                         PS this game can make you cry.Cry for an hourplay new game...."
76561198036988452,Recommended,282070,14132075,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,p5ychol,"What this game does perfectly - it emphasizes that there is nothign really good about war. Through the eyes of ordinary people, trying to survive in besieged city, it's the worst nightmare imaginable.  And if you look at this game that way, not really caring whether game mechanics are bad or good, this game is really recommendable.Oh, and buying DLC allows you to support War Child' charity fund, that helps children from recovering from war trauma.Seriously? You still have any doubts about buying it?"
76561198027183226,Recommended,282070,15227130,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Rathual,This is hands down the most engaging game I've ever played. The story sucks you in and you become personally attached to every character and decision.
,Recommended,282070,15317168,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,The Highwayman,"This game a very sad expirence that is always on edge, but it puts another perspec not everybody sees and its enjoyable no matter how bad you are. Personally I think that its worth every cent."
76561197972621077,Recommended,282070,15317693,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,dampfdirk,Nice game.
76561198053295718,Recommended,282070,15318469,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,kaichun.lin,A rare gem
76561198076201145,Recommended,282070,15319670,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Epicalienboy_,"Day 3: Killed my first civilian, needed to do it for supplies, I had to survive.Day 25: Killed a hideout full of bandits, it was either them or me.Day 40: I cleaned out the military outpost, killed every military personal, killed all the other bandits in the area too. There was no one left to kill. I have over 20 guns, 300 ammunition, 15 helmets and armour, enough firepower to start my on militia. Then I asked myself, at first I was just trying to survive, now that I have more than enough food, medicine, supplies. I was just killing because i liked it, the resources they had was just an excuse... What have I become?Day 42: I survived...."
76561198042933938,Not Recommended,282070,15327794,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Futurecity100,This game is absolutly terrible.  If you love horrible AI that runs through 4 armed guys then wants to climb a ladder when you only clicked to the right to run away then you're going to love this sh*tty game.
76561198034538498,Recommended,282070,15329230,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Your_Lifeline,"This game will keep you wondering from right and wrong, to screw it I just want to survive. And with the several different characters each replay feels different. I found this game to be hard and challenging, but maybe I just suck at surviving. It's a must play for the story and emotions it employs alone."
76561198141081897,Recommended,282070,15330127,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,HardcodeCasualGamer,"This is a great looking and very atmospheric 2D game. You control a group of survivor in a war-torn city. It has many of the tropes of the genre: send out survivors on scavenging missions, search for items to bring back, craft/upgrade tools, weapons and facilities, protect your base, defend against attacks, get your survivors to feed/heal/rest. However, the originality is in the setting and the tone. When you take food away from a ruined building, you get the sense that this was somebody else's stash and that they will suffer or die because of it. You are tempted to do terrible things in order to survive. When somebody comes knocking for help, you are torn about whether you should sacrifice your hard earned items or shut them out. You are filled with the hopelessness of the situation and you never feel it's a game that can be won in the conventional sense."
,Recommended,282070,15120490,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dragorne,"When you are confronted with the choice of doing the right thing or saving your own neck, what do you choose?I've played a lot of survival based games and I've never felt bad for any of the immoral choices I tend to make to keep myself alive. In fact, I think its safe to say I usually make the immoral choice because 1) Its a video game and 2) In a lot of games, the immoral choice is often highly rewarded. This is not always the case in ""This War of Mine"". Every decision you make (good or bad) has the potential to bring absolute disaster to you and the rewards are usually no more then a scrap of food, a bandage or maybe some ammunition.You find yourself confronted with the issue of not only your characters morality, but your own. Setting aside the fact that the game characters can get depressed, this game has a way of making YOU (the player) feel bad for what you've done. The first person I ever killed in this game made me actually stop playing just so I could absorb what happened and how I never wanted it to happen again.I entered a run down house, it was the first occupied building I had ever looted. I quickly noticed it was inhabited and starting sneaking around, grabbing up all the items not owned by the residents. Realizing the one thing I really needed (food of course) was not among them, I decided it was time to steal. Needless to say, I got caught opening their fridge.Running into the basement I attempt to leave without a confrontation, only to find I had never unblocked the basement exit and I was now stuck between a locked door, and a guy who wanted to kill me for stealing his food. I did the only thing I could think of and began to smash him with my crowbar. Clicking somewhat madly I didn't notice until it was to late that he was surrendering instead of fighting to the death. To late his cry reachs my ears as my final blow sends him crashing to the floor, followed shortly by his sobbing lady friend. Murderor, she cries, why did you have to kill him? Still in the heat of the moment one thought enters my twisted excuse of a human mind, ""No witnesses"". A moment later she lies next to her fallen lover as I stand over their bodies in triumph before I come to my senses.O god, what have I done...Determined to right the wrongs I have commited I decide to try and play as honourably as I can. Never steal from or kill civilians, avoid conflict at all cost and help out at every chance I get. That lasted until winter came..."
76561198136872240,Recommended,282070,15121194,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,bubblejohns,"The premier misery simulator. see how long you can fend off starvation, murder, hypothermia and depression. brilliant hand drawn aesthetic."
76561198159100933,Recommended,282070,15124288,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,m_allinson10,Two words: absolutely fantastic.Addictive and entertaining and (at times) really hard. Worth buying...as i'm sure you gathered from all the other reviews
76561197973905415,Recommended,282070,15095707,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Tyc00n,"One the greatest games I've ever played. A simple and intuitive interface, but the gameplay has a depth and replayability that is rare these days. The game has soul.10/10"
76561198055423477,Recommended,282070,15095794,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,November,Is there anyway to instantly get wepons and armour? (AKA guns and helmets + chestplate)
76561198032789427,Recommended,282070,15097483,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Windless Bear,"Although I do recommend this game because I enjoyed it quite a bit, I have to say it's ultimately become very disappointing. I bought This War of Mine in Early Access, expecting an unfinished game. It turned out to be fine as it was, and soon became extremely popular. And never really added anything more after that.I'm left with a feeling that the devs reached their goal for sales/popularity and decided adding more to the game wasn't necessary, as it changed very little over the months I had it before quietly slipping from Early Access to full release."
76561198033046217,Recommended,282070,15101461,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wat,
76561198008849297,Recommended,282070,15112151,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ppow,"Case study: my group was running low on food, so when while scavenging I encountered a house full of food I decided to take advantage of it. While grabbing cans of food I heard noice upstairs, got panicked I may get shot by a solider hiding there or a hostile scavenger. Instead, an elderly man came out begging me to leave him his food - he pleaded that without the food he and his wife (sick, hiding upstairs) will not survive the next days. I cowardly grabbed last food can in sight and run away...Game is extremely immersive and will make give you strong emotional hangover afterwards. It does have the power of a ""war documentary"" - will make you raise questions and internally debate about how brutal and pointless military conflicts are, how they can turn innicent people into desperate beasts fighting for survivor."
,Recommended,282070,15113485,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gamer101,"To me this game is fun because it has part of a game I like example: Building, group control, fighting and also it's just a whole new type of gameplay, the fact that your in a war but not a soldier, just a civilian trying to survive in the middle of a war."
76561198112473464,Recommended,282070,15117671,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Golf,"Amazing game, played for a while then i just got hooked. 11/10"
,Recommended,282070,15165302,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Broken Drum,BUY THIS GAME! I bought it twice and I would again.
,Recommended,282070,15167137,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,riwjin,"War is not nice, and this game depicts how it is ""not nice"" extremely well.Highly recommended for war game fans, like me."
76561198215751756,Not Recommended,282070,15167158,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,guytierney,played this for a while and tried to get into it but its way too slow and more like an elaborate facebook game than anything else. It's atmospheric to a point and good looking but the gameplay is tedious and repetitive. TBH I'd like a refund.
76561198178884834,Recommended,282070,15167276,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Lostlavalamp,a work of art made to show you the horrors of war by tacking part as a non combaten
,Recommended,282070,15167463,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sunohara,"A lone woman came knocking on my group's door. I let the only other girl in my group answer it.She came asking for help boarding up her own home. she had been living there, alone, with her daughter.they had been alone for over a year.she's afraid looters would come on their home and loot and kill them (or something even worse)I did not give it much thought and immediately helped her. as i see my group member leave.. a thought came to me.what if it was all a lie? what if she wanted to lure one of my people out of our base so she could send her people in and raid us? or what if it was a trap and the person i sent to help her was on her way to her death.Should i have not helped that mother? who really knows..The next day my people returned home safely and successfully helping that woman out.it felt nice, she was telling the truth. and i'm glad i helped her.if i had it my way though, i would have invited them to live with my group instead. there's more safety in numbers."
76561198217153896,Recommended,282070,15169684,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,CrimsonAshen,"Awsome. This is my first game played on steam but it will probaly be my no.1 for a long, long time however it needs a few things ironing out."
,Recommended,282070,13071747,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Warunning,Ukraine Simulator 2014
76561198076784621,Recommended,282070,13072620,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,♦ Deckard Kaine ♦,"You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become a heartless killer..."
76561197972289608,Recommended,282070,13072726,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,CptCucumber,"For more of my reviews, please visit:almostaboveaverage.comI am a big fan of survival games. I have put a lot of hours into DayZ, Don’t Starve and more obviously Minecraft. I love the idea of not being able to win per-say but constantly having to be on your toes and exploring and finding new items in order to stay alive. However in most survival games, the world that the game inhabits is more often than not a post-apocalyptic wasteland filled with zombies or similar monsters, the main threat is often altered therefore from simply starving to death to  a zombie chase, or monster closet jump-scare. I feel a game with a more realistic interpretation of the survival experience has been missing, and the recent release ‘This War of Mine’ I feel is has a good chance of filling that void.‘This War of Mine’ is a new addition to the survival genre developed by ’11bitstudios’, focusing on character experience and scavenging for supplies. The plot sets you in a city ravaged by savage fighting between rebel and military forces in a fictional nation suffering through a civil war. The characters you will control are not soldiers or rebel militia but instead citizens trapped in the middle of the conflict, attempting to survive until the shells stop dropping. The environments surrounding the characters are war torn and grim, the constant sound of shells pounding into the ground and smashing into buildings lingers in the atmosphere. While playing the game the mood is top notch, it has a fine soundtrack and a good level of detail to the character bios and motivations. So when starting up a new game it has a lot to immerse you into it’s world and inspire you to explore it.Major differences with ‘This War of Mine’ begin with the inclusion of multiple characters to control and keep alive at one time, which can often lead to a deadly juggling act. A new character might well knock on the door asking for refuge and offering his or her services to the crew, but also offering another mouth to feed and simply another person to manage.The game-play itself is split into two sections: daytime and night-time. Daytime being when the characters can eat, build tools and repair the safe house, as well as fashion upgrades such as beds, chairs and heaters to name but a few. Night-time in contrast is where the player will select a single character (if they wish) to scavenge a nearby building for supplies such as food, scrap and medical items, while also selecting who in the crew will get to sleep or guard the safe house.Whilst scavenging, a character will sneak to avoid detection, and attempt to gather resources and make it out of the area alive. Sometimes the building will be deserted, limiting the player’s hunt for resources only by the size of their character’s inventory. However sometimes an area might be filled with other characters, some of which are friendly and might be willing to trade with you, others though will shoot on sight.The game features most survival game tropes such as the need to bandage wounds and take medication in order to tackle sickness. Most of the time these are mild nuisances, but as can be expected they can put your characters out of action or potentially kill them if not treated soon enough. The game’s unforgiving nature is coupled with it’s random element, each play-through will differ in some way, loot being different in each building as well as the characters you start with. The amount of characters you can play as is a bit limited as far as I can tell, but this may be expanded in subsequent updates. For the most part the game’s randomness is a boon for repeated play and exploration, and one that will drive you to attempt to make it through each day, and take the risks necessary to do so. My favourite aspect of the game is the length of the conflict not being set in stone, the war can last a week or two or it can last a few months. This I feel is such a game changer as it really drives home the story element of each play-through. You might well lead your characters to kill and rob a helpless family of survivors for rations and then discover that the war has ended the following morning.Choices that your characters make can also have an effect on their moods. Stealing from non-violent survivors might make your characters question the necessity of survival or what the war has made them become. The game also includes journals and graffiti that can show a window into other survivor’s struggles.The issues however start from the beginning of the game for me. The game is a 2-D point and click, and although this is not necessarily a problem, the fact that movement is controlled by clicking along the ground or by clicking from object to object can get in the way of keeping your characters alive. Looting a house for food or medical supplies might result in being shot at by the residents or by bandits also attempting to loot there, and point and click controls can fight against you as much as the enemies on screen. I will reiterate that this is something that can be worked around through repeated play but I would of preferred a mixture of both point and click and standard movement controls to allow for quicker reaction times when attempting to hide or escape.The game can feel repetitive quite often, again, not necessarily a bad thing in that replicating a survival experience will need to some extent to allow the player to feel the monotony of daily life in a war-torn city. The player will have to repeatedly scavenge for food and supplies, as well as keep your characters sane throughout their experiences in a deadly game of balance which more often than not will spell disaster for at least some of your survivors.What the game does right however shines through I am happy to report. The decision whether or not to steal from those who have the supplies you need is often made more complicated by learning more about the people who own them. A character scavenging an apartment might find an unarmed old couple shivering in the cold, the character might take all their food and leave them for dead, or sacrifice the whole night and spare them from starvation whilst putting their own crew at risk. A character might witness a soldier forcing a young woman to sleep with him for food, and can choose to intervene or stand idly by as she is led away. The horrors of war are represented well here, and swapping out soldiers for real people in the game much for a much more personal experience. Whilst I can’t fully over look the games faults I have still gotten a lot of enjoyment from keeping my characters alive throughout their experience, and being faced with decisions that have often left me without an obvious solution.‘This War of Mine’ for me is a fine survival game, which does much to shake up the standard model, while at the same time sticking to major tropes that have made the genre so popular in recent years. The game suffers from problems with the controls, repetition of characters as well as overly-repeated game-play features but is able to combat these for the most part through engrossing environments and randomised scenarios. A firm recommendation for fans on the genre."
,Recommended,282070,13073103,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ArcticJoker,"THIS WAR OF MINE is a very impressive survival game with a twist. The art style is incredible and the uniqueness of the characters is a simple but effective twist. Characters change, seasons change, events change, locations change, items you spawn with changes, and the scenarios at those locations and what you find there also changes.The replayability is huge and the scope for expansion is even greater. I don’t mind paying for DLC for a game that can give it new dimensions. New locations, new characters, alternative ‘home’ bases to start from, new craftables, even a new period setting are all something I’d love to see added. Scavenging with multiple characters and the ability to upgrade backpacks would also be a good addition.WW1 would be particularly appropriate setting fleshed out with new characters, recognisable locations and real life events but maybe that’s scope for a sequel.I’ve just about scratched the surface after 10 hours so I’m looking forward to seeing what the rest of the locations hold. Definitely a worth while purchase!"
,Recommended,282070,13073626,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hathi,"Definitely a wonderful experience. Its saddening and uplifting in the same beat, and its hard as all hell when you first start out."
76561197968661796,Recommended,282070,13074177,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,NoMatch,Very nice little game. Puts a bit different perspective on a war.Definitely recommended!
76561198004194588,Recommended,282070,13074310,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Dwordle,"This is an amazing game. It's not like any other game I've played, the levels are not complex, the action is not intense, and the game consept is fairly simple; no, what makes this game great is the way it draws you into the world. After surviving for a fews days you become atatched to the characters. You see and almost feel what they are going through, the troubles and problems they face. The game will draw you in, pit you against the elements and your fellow survivors, and make you choose between survival and your integrity. Will you put yourself, and in turn your fiends, at risk to save a survivor from a rutheless soldier? Can you find the courage to deal with thugs that are standing between you and bandages you so desperately need? When times become truly desperate, will you rob and possibly kill your neighbor to keep from starving? Most importantly, can you survive?"
76561198008024806,Recommended,282070,13074863,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Timbasaur,"This War of mine is a gritty, psychological masterpiece, definitely worth picking up if you enjoy base management, stealth gameplay and survival aspects, such as keeping your minions fed, healthy and happy. The mix of exploration tied in with the emotional themes displayed in this game definitely make it compelling and will keep you coming back over and over, just to see if you can do that little bit better.With Multiple characters you can have in your party, which is randomized on each launch of the game, as well as different scenarios for each area, the replayability is high.If you're into survival, I recommend getting this, better than Day Z or any other clone in my opinion, which are just KOS rampages. This game doesn't reward that behaviour, and the entire time i've played this I have never once had a gun, nor have I really needed one.Pros: Excellent Art style, fluid controls, simple to understand contextual menus.Cons: Can be difficult to understand what exactly you should focus on to begin with, areas of the map being sealed off indefinitely by ""Can't get here due to fighting"" (It would make more sense if they would clear up and the fighting would move to other areas, but it seems at the moment you're stuck with what you get, which can be harsh when all you have is homes you have to steal from and the brothel.)Rating: 8/10I got it and have enjoyed it. Maybe you should think about doing the same?"
76561198072980618,Recommended,282070,13075502,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,tanasilver,"I highly recommend this game for those who enjoy indie games for the same reason I do: a unique experience. I think it would be a mistake to view this game purely as a game, and not also as a (I imagine) realistic simulation of civilian life in a war-torn city. I found it evoking emotion in a way that few games do. Where most games are about twitch-speed timing and driving up adrenalin, this one is about tense survival and moral choices. The graphics are grimly beautiful, the gameplay intuitive, and the mechanics of the game fit the scenario very well.Who would want to buy it: Those for whom story is more important than winning, since if you are immersed in this game you won't think of it as trying to win but as trying to survive. By the end of it you may very well walk away with a changed view of war and public policy.Those who may not like it: The game is heavy on atmosphere, and it seems to me it tries to be more of a simulator than a game, which may annoy gamers looking for the best angle to win. The random elements can throw off min-maxing, which may add to the frustration.Bottom line: My first game took about 6 hours, I lasted 49 days. By the end, I was stunned; I felt I had known the 8 people who had lived and died under my control. If I never played the game again I would feel I more than got my money's worth. I think this game is a work of art."
76561198116204340,Recommended,282070,13075912,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,yorickus,I managed to survive... I'm glad that I bought this game.
,Recommended,282070,13075992,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,2JZ - DEMONVIA,"Finished this on my second try!Fantastic game. To the DEVS to not listen to the kids crying about it being too hard or wanting it easier, this game is perfect the way it is, the only thing I want to see more content, possbly dlc or an expansion of some sort!AAA GAME!"
76561198057277818,Recommended,282070,13076187,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Lagrange,"Absoultly brilliant game. There is no story to speak of, but the charecters (of which are randomised each try) develop and evolve as a survivalist. A brilliant example is Pavle, the game descirbes him as a footballer who now has to survive like everyone else. So the game gives him a specific attribute in Pavels case; fast running. Other charecters have different personalities and therfore have different traits needed for the group to survive. The depth and quality of this game combined with the original and creative gameplay insures a brilliant and immersive playing experience. I am also looking forward to what 11 Bit Studios come up with next."
,Recommended,282070,13076724,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,WNDL,I'm sorry Anton!
,Recommended,282070,13076852,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Azn287,"This War of Mine is probably hands down my favorite game of this year. The dark and gloomy sides of war where normal everyday people (not trained soldiers except for one of them) are trying to make it through a hellish war day by day. Great survival game with tons of emotion. The characters are easy to love and feel for.However I do wish it was a bit more randomized. After about three play throughs you pretty much know every possible scenario the game will throw at you. I also wish there was a tutorial because a few of the people's special traits aren't obvious as to what they do.Overall I really do think this is a great game for those who can afford it, and if it goes on sale for ten bucks or less this is a no brainer."
76561198033098550,Recommended,282070,13114389,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Nim,"This is not a game for the light of heart. This will show you a well thought out game which describes the lives of civilians as they try to survive in the cruel, harsh world of war.You can very well compare this to lots of other games in which you need to survive, but the main point of this game is to show you the other side of games like COD or BF or CS. This game is meant to be something more than just a game. Its meant to get into your heart and think ""Why did he/she die?"" when you lose a character.You have limited supplies to gather from each place, and each gameplay the amounts and places you can get change, along with the characters and how many of them you start with. This is a very well done game, in my eyes."
,Recommended,282070,13114873,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,XvestigesX,the game played fine for two weeks and now it loads but cant click on play button
,Recommended,282070,13115757,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Graywilde,This is such a fantastic game. Worth every cent and more. War is hell.
76561197991293250,Recommended,282070,13116032,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SnakeEyedBlaze,Loved it! Amazing game with way to many feels.
,Recommended,282070,13116071,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ZEDSDEAD,"""This War of Mine"" is a realistic and endeering game that everyone should play. This game kept putting ideas in my mind of where i was at in the world and also question the relationships between many countries. This game to me personally felt very real and i established a connection with each of the characters. It made me regret risks that i took and really got my heart racing whenever i was out scavaging. One experiance of anger that i had was the death of one of my most valuable character, who i avenged. Overall, for the price that it's at right now ($20) its an awesome game, i reccomened it.Challenging yet fun: 8.5/10Rewarding: 8/10Graphics: 8.5/10Storyline: n/aIntensity: 9/10How constinuesly could i play this game? After my 7th playthrough i found myself getting bored, as there is no goal other than to survive.Would i play this again? Maybe, but it would be a while.Reccomendation? Reccomended."
,Recommended,282070,13116101,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kerfo,"This is the survival game the world needs. No zombies, no monsters. Just people. People trying to survive. The real monster may end up being you. Just to keep a man alive you might have to kill a family and take their supplies. Just to have a hot meal for one day, you may have to steal from a dying family. The game is brutal, survival is harsh. This game isn't like DayZ where a bunch of 12 year olds run around shooting every person they see. This game is full of people, and not every one is a killer. Most just want to survive through a war."
76561198035329116,Recommended,282070,13116745,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ruffryder1337,"Great Game.Just watch the IGN review, then you will know for sure if you will like it or not.My opinion to the postings underneath:Almost everything in the game is logical and thus it simulates very well.I don't understand the complaints. EVERY game has to make a compromise now and then.Enjoy."
,Recommended,282070,13116885,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zeravus,You see the popular reviews of this game? Listen to them. This game is worth the purchase.
,Recommended,282070,13116906,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,"This War of Mine. This game, this game has happy moments and sad moments. Good moments and bad moments. This game will give you a story that you will remember for a long time. The game is hard at first, but when you learn more about it, it gets easier, then you quit because Marko dies, but then you realize, what about everyone else. They can survive without him, maybe. ""In modern war, you will die like a dog for no good reason."""
76561198004580811,Recommended,282070,13117186,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ForReal,"An awful game in the best sense. You have to try so hard to have these people survive, and it means doing some bad things, making tough dicisions and letting people die. It's still definately a game - and you want to ""win"", but winning in this game is a sliding scale to be sure."
,Recommended,282070,13117316,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Robot,"Usually, I play shooters and simulator games and I was never really much of an indie game fan... but I have to admit that ""This War of Mine"" is the best indie game I have played so far. My first impression of this game is that it will be similar to a flash game called ""Last Stand"" in miniclip, which is a survival indie game where you select the things you do in day and the places you raid at night. When I started playing this, I realised that it's far more realistic than the usual flash survival indie game. ""This War of Mine"" had forced me to make hard decisions and every step I take affects the people I control.I definitely recommend buying this game. It's worth it."
76561198101682291,Recommended,282070,13117510,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,demauscian,"What I like most about this game is that each shot counts.  If you are even slightly injured, that injury doesn't just go away by replenishing your HP, you have to bandage the wound and have that person rest so it can heal.Each death counts, if you kill someone else, it is a big deal, your characters become depressed and won't forget it.Even stealing can leave you feeling bad for those electronic characters.This game can really draw you in if you let it.  An example of what can happen, I sent Katia (one of the characters) to a supermarket, where she witnessed a soldier♥♥♥♥♥♥a woman.  After that she went from the optimist of the group to depressed.  Several days later I sent her to the bombed out school where she got caught looking through a homeless man's few possessions.  The man attacked her, but she had a knife, and in self-defense she killed him.  The next day she spiraled out of control and committed suicide.About a week later a man named Anton stopped by.  He was a mathematician before.  Somehow he had been seriously wounded.  I let him into my group, gave him my only bandage, and let him sleep on the bed.  All my characters were sick, since it was the middle of winter at the time and I had no wood left and burned my last book, but I sent Arica to a military base with a bag full of moonshine and cigarettes to trade for food and medicine, she was shot dead.  Several days later, after Anton had recovered, he stole all our supplies and left.By the end of winter my original three survivors were no longer surviving, I was down to an older lady and a mechanic, both of whom joined my group late game.  Every night raiders were successful at stealing from me, while my scavenging missions were less and less successful.  I briefly considered restarting the game there, both of my characters were sick, one was wounded and all I had left were two coffee beans, a lock pick and some electrical parts, but I realized their story had to end, even if they all died.  So I used that lock pick to open a dresser in a nice family's house where I found all their cans of food, components and medicine and I almost cried in real life, that was enough to get me by for the last several days.Finally, around day 45, the war ended and I had two survivors.  Then the game played a montage of every good and bad thing I had done.  I was a little ashamed of some of the things I did, such as stealing from a defenseless old couple in the middle of winter.Overall it was a great game, sure there was an occasional glitch and some game play aspects seemed clunky.  But no game has ever gotten me so involved in the story as This War of Mine.  I would definitely suggest it to anyone."
,Recommended,282070,13096563,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,b1rdn,"This War of Mine is like playing The Sims in a warzone. Instead of your sims complaining about their hygiene or their need to use the restroom, your sims will complain about that huge knife wound in their back. They might also complain about their deep depression, because their friends heads keep falling off.This War of Mine is an intense and thought provoking game, making the player ponder every decision to make. Do you help the lady at your door? Do you kill that man running at you with a knife, because you broke into his house? Would you steal food from an elderly couple to feed your own?It's these moral decisions through out the game that make This War of Mine stand out. It's a game where killing and looting is discouraged, but sometimes unavoidable.This War of Mine will make you explore your humanity and what it takes to survive through hell that is war. Take on the perspective of average joes who have no survival or combat training. The struggle is real.This War of Mine offers a good crafting system, of course. It wouldn't be a survival game if it didn't have a crafting system. It offers progression within the crafting system to make the player feel that they are somehow elevating themselves in a world that is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Although, one of the charms of This War of Mine is it's obsessive need to screw you over and never give you a sense of security. I have yet to reach a point in a game where I didn't feel completely vulnerable.The combat is pedestrian, but so are your characters. What else could we have expected from a point and click game? How about... point.. and click? The combat system gives a feeling to your characters that they really are civilians who probably have never shot a gun before. It's not only about the lack of training, but it's also about the hesitation of having to harm someone. This isn't Call of Duty where all morals and ethics are thrown out the window, this is a game that mimicks what we would actually be thinking and feeling with a real gun in our hands.If you are looking for a game that will immerse you in a world full of feels and thought provoking situations, play this game! It delivers on an emotional level, through the inter personal relationships of your characters, the real struggles of war and the moral decisions that you will have to make. The first time I killed someone, albeit in self defense, there was a horrible feeling in my stomach as his wife came running down kneel to his side screaming for him to answer. Moments like these are not rare in this game, and will have your emotional meter going all over the place.This is an easy purchase. Buy it."
,Recommended,282070,13062920,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,will,"Great game BUT, currently I'm suffering from a glitch where the only two characters I get are Anton and Cveta, sometimes doors with boards can't be opened from the side that is boarded up, etc."
76561197971125699,Recommended,282070,12956057,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mr. Asian Engineer,I let the wounded & depressed fist fight a granny. I died. 11/10
,Recommended,282070,12956984,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[Linux] ivdok,"It was worth it. Every rouble I spent of it. Constant suspense, tension, and hard-to-make decisions make it feel like you're on the edge (and you really are), and there's no way out. I killed a man with a crowbar. Dammit, if he didn't see me, he could've lived! Now it's too late, and the only thing remaining is remorse. I made amends by helping woman board up her house, and accepted Anton. But, the same day I robbed old couple for food and meds. Life is unfair."
,Recommended,282070,12957945,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Flufflebuns,"This is seriously one of the greatest games I have ever played. It is immersive, dark, challenging, engaging, beautiful, etc, etc, etc. Seriously buy it now, don't wait for a sale, $20 is a fine price."
76561198057410654,Recommended,282070,12958437,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Life.exe,This game is fun and requires planning before actions which is almost impossible because you have no clue what will happen thats what makes this game FUN
76561198033483023,Recommended,282070,12958534,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,manband20,Absoltely amazing. So addictive and entertaining. You feel for these characters on the level you would for characters like John Marston in Red Dead Redemption or Joel and Ellie in Last of Us. You can start to feel the struggle that someone trying to survive in this type on situation that no one should be forced to endure.And the feeling you get when one of your people dies can be indescribable. I cannot begin to describe how great this game is. Give it a try and you won't regret it.
76561198046270091,Recommended,282070,12959779,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Came,"This war of mine is a survival/crafting/open world it has good atmosphere, really cool art style and charaters who you will get attacht to and its quite depressing. the gameplay is quite good as you ethier choose to Guard, sleep or scavange which you can assign to your 3 charaters. the scavageing is where the game shines you can trade with people, kill, or help them, the main bit of scavageing is find things to upgrade your home weapons and food, food is a hard thing to come by unless you go to the Danger spots. The combat is not the best some times it does not work at all and your charater dies because the enemy was the only one who could hit and not you or the game just makes the enemy kill you with pure Bulls#$%!.my finale reviewing will be 8/10 (tip to the devs fix the combat!)"
,Recommended,282070,12963438,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Norse Heathen,"Pros:The game gives you a nice alternative to the run and gun style of most survival games.You always feel like you need something else, even when you're group is in good shape, adding a need to keep playing.It's possible to go the entire game without entering any active combat.Cons:The game takes a very stern stance on murder. At one point, I was exploring an abandoned house, and the description for it strongly suggested bandits. I was sneaking around without taking anything, looking for any signs of armed thugs. A woman spotted me and ran off. Note that I still hadn't taken anything. A few moments later, a man came up behind me with a shotgun and yelled ""Die, B*tch!"" I qiuckly charged at him and stabbed him with my knife before he could fire, killing him with 3 thrusts of the blade. I assumed that the building was taken by bandits, due to this attack. I took what I could from the building, ignoring the ""private property"" signs in the item boxes, since bandits don't deserve these supplies. I ran out of the building, passing the body of my attacker, along with 2 women grieving over it. After this, it said that my character was broken, and I had to send another member of the group tp talk to her for a few minutes, greatly slowing down my progress. The rest of the group were ""sad"" as the game told me, and I was greatly confused by this. Why is murder always bad? I hadn't stolen or attacked anyone, and I hadn't even pulled out my blade before this man attacked me. Funny thing is, giving children medicine for their sick mother, or helping board up a neighbor's house so that her and her daughter wouldn't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and killed didn't seem to effect my group at all, other than a brief entry in their diaries. My point here is, what's the point of doing anything good in the game when there are no benefits for it, and a single act that the game finds ""evil"" will completely dismantle your chain of progress?Overall:The game is fun, even if it takes a few restarts to get the hang of it. BE WARNED: The game is a mouse clicking game where you control multiple people, not as I first thought, which was that you control one person with WASD and simply command your group to build your base while you're away.8.5/10"
76561197988906863,Recommended,282070,15150147,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,scousevix,"I love this game to bits!  It's just the right amount of thought provocation, each item you use, each night of scavenging, every choice you make is detrimental to the survival of the people in each scenario.  Are you going to be nice to your neighbours?  Do you kill that old man and woman for their provisions?  Do you save a young lady in distress?  I've surivived twice now and cannot get bored of this game, each playthrough is different, now that I have unlocked different scenarios.  The artwork is superb, the music just right to set the mood.  I want more!!"
,Recommended,282070,15150285,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Oska,"Very Nice, Very Well Done. Iran when I saw how good this game was. Iraq-ed the game off a friend.(i racked)"
,Recommended,282070,15150330,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Synysterx7,"This game is amazingly difficult, but so fun!Day 3, Pavlo gets gunned down in the streets outside a supermarket.Day 13, Bruno kills homeless for food and meager supplies. Night 13, Bruno refuses to go scavenge again.Day 14. Marko returns from scavenging to find Bruno had committed suicide.Day 15. Marko commits suicide after looting from innocent people the night before."
76561198127743948,Recommended,282070,15150585,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,dlzhl,"I bought this game three months ago. I still play this game sometimes now. I wanna show my impression to the community, and let more players know this game.As a war game, this game is quite novel, you don't behave as a leader of a nation or a soider of killing enimies.  You just play as common civilians here, and everyone else can be your friend or enimy. Killing is an important factor or maybe the best part in a war game. However, in this game, when I find I have to kill other civlians in order to get food or medicines for my own guys, I realize that killing is not that funny. I like the educational experience of the common ppl's life in war.As a strategy game, new players may find it hard to survive in such severe condition, you have to face starvation, disease, robbing from other looters and death during scavenging. But once you succeed in surviving until the war is over, you will feel much easier to play it again. The strategy is to use stealth killing in the night adventures. Killing bandits or military in supermarket or military base, for example, can make you very rich, and I find it easy as a veteran player of the game.For the price of the game, $20 is a bit expensive. I spent about 2 weeks to go through all the elements of the game. But if the game is on sale, it is worthy. I hope this game could introduce more DLCs to be dynamic game, so that veteran players can still feel interested in playing the game again."
,Recommended,282070,15151094,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SynReign,"Bloody 'ell and well done, I have never been so engrossed in a video game that left me feeling desperation to 'elp the characters survive and live another day. The game developers from 11BitStudios have done such by placing you in morale encompassing scenarios, hardships that tear your group apart, survival realism, and so much more. I am astounded by the gaming mechanics and the amount of detail and thought that has made the gaming dynamics accurate and realistic. What is even more moving from this developer are their love of what they have created yet giving back to a charitable organistation set up for War Child, I am certain that considerable attention can be learned and modeled from the creators of “This War of Mine.”I can honestly say that through desperation and the human will for self-preservation either morally, immorally, or just to survive one will do anything to do such. Experiencing many of the facets within the game from the perspective as an Infantryman deployed with the 82nd Airborne Division."
76561197981668685,Recommended,282070,15151268,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Boonsy,"Gripping game that will satisfyingly burn a good week of your life, maybe more if your slow to get the hang of it.. truly epic immersion considering the limitations of the of the game engine. 9/10"
76561198123498195,Recommended,282070,15151272,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Failure,Super awesome game
76561198079773180,Recommended,282070,15151453,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,JK,"BUY THIS!!! a portion of the revenue of the game goes to the war child charity fund, and if you buy the war child dlc (which I highly recommend) all of the revenue of your purchase goes to the War child Charity Fund!!!This is the primary reason I bought this.  Game is really good too, but I feel I need some more hours before I right a legit review, but I'm writing this now, to inform you that you're buying this game for a good cause!"
76561198040373445,Recommended,282070,15151670,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mr Salt,100000/10 love this game please get it
,Recommended,282070,15156883,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Abarrus,great survival game
76561197992921741,Recommended,282070,15157230,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Spinny,Brilliant. Thought provoking and really difficult to beat.
76561198088205252,Recommended,282070,15157231,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DamnedWhaleDicks,"This game is spectacularly awful. The first time I played it I got a *tad* upset when the s**t hit the fan and we all died. Beautiful graphics and style to watch your people starve to death in, and a nippy color scheme and mood just add to the effect. And this game is a definite challenge...did I menition its horrible?I love this game"
76561198094860729,Recommended,282070,15220402,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ByakkoShenLong,the only game where killing bandits makes me really guilty10/10 never killed bandit again
76561198092696900,Recommended,282070,15220796,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Smamby Wamby Jimby Jomby,Buy this game. Immerse yourself into it. You will be horrified at what you need to do to survive. It will depress you and make you do terrible terribke things. But ultimately you will love it.
,Recommended,282070,15242673,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ı м x ѕ,"I don't know where to start but all i can say is this game is so great that its one of my top 5 indie games of all time. This is how a war/survival game should be. It's really addicting! There was a time that i was so sleepy because i stayed up all night just by playing this game and fell asleep while playing it. Whenever i wake up i just keep on playing it instead of going to bed and get some sleep lol anyway once you start the game you're already in your day 1 of surving the war and you must survive at all cost! Even if you have to kill, steal or both! The visuals are great it has a grunge effect which i like a lot. The mechanics are good especially about the items you need like on how are you going to get it and what not. For example if you need wood and fuel, the best way to get both is to make a hatchet and wreck some cabinets, office desk or chair (this by the way caught me off guard cause i didn't know they going to add such a mechanic) or if you just need fuel you can make one but at the cost of your materials and this i wouldn't recommend cause its already hard to get these items. There is another way but this is by chance cause sometimes he doesn't have it. What i mean by ""he"" is the guy that goes to your house just to barter. The list goes on and on if i put all the things i love about this game. Cons? I don't think there is any to be honest. I finished this game after 5 or 6 tries (i don't like when one my people died) beat the game at day 42 had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of food, water, materials and what have you. 10/10 and i'm going to play this game again and again if i get bored."
,Recommended,282070,15244137,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Lothar,"Congrats to the developpers - This game has a really seizing athmosphere, design and gameplay. I thought i was starting to get bored with Video Games, this game kept me highly interested and entertained. Look online for fighting mechanics before you attempt any suicide runs!!!"
76561198203844868,Recommended,282070,15206220,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,EpicShawn155,"Marko walks to a shelled school thinking it might have good supplies.He walks in thinking noone was in the school but still being careful.He heard sounds but it was rats so he looted.There wasnt much in each place but it was a big school.He heard talking so he hid in a room peeking out.With his blood pumping he looked through a key hole to see a person.He though he was armed and attacked.He screamed help but before Marko could stop he killed him.One other hobo attacked with his fists marko pulled his shovle back out and kill him with 2 hits.The people were running.Marko ran and looted one last place with lots of stuff and ran.He looked back at the crying people and seen it was dawn.Pavle and Bruno had no fear the first minute or two.They figured Marko was late finnaly and continued.But Marko got attacked at dawn and caught a cold even though he just got rid of one.Because of his rush when he got back he looked at his supplies to seee what he got.""Food,some water,wood,metal.and madicine.""He was sad for days  and still sad about when they loot two old people with the sick wife.Everyone was sad and hungry but bruno was wouned along with marko and Marko was sick too.This is what happens when youu play this War of Mine."
,Recommended,282070,15245554,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Cell,"First 5 hours, I am contantly on the brink of starvation.I love it. Survival games should not be easy (banished), they should not be a chore (long dark), they should not be quirky (don't starve), they should make sense, and they should be tough. This fits the bill.- Each day, you make sure your people are well fed & well rested, and try to improve your camp any way you can. Make more beds, make a stove, build baracades, etc.- Each night, send one scout to scavange a nearby area for goods that you need. Note that some of the nearby camps are fortified, and you will need to either be armed, or be careful what you do and where you go.So far: I've taken on two new recruits, and lost two of my original crew to scavaging, and I am so close to death... it's kinda funny. As hard as this game is (so far), I would not want it any easier. Hard is awesome.Thanks HAWP for making a great video about this game. Loving it!"
76561197995599938,Recommended,282070,15246288,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Nomad,"I've owned this game for 4 days now and actually beat it yesterday. Interestingly I did with just 2 people in my house and only going to 3 places to scavenge. I think there is some replayability if you use different characters, but a little depressed that it was so easy to beat, as I didn't even get a chance to cover even half the map.  Dev's need to either make the game longer or add some form of DLC that would extend playtime."
,Recommended,282070,15246762,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,FuriousLemon,"This game is great. Like really great, it's the kind of game that I just want to spend a night playing and try to survive for as long as I can. It's just a shame that it crashes every twenty minutes for no obvious reason!"
,Recommended,282070,15246828,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,BloatedBob,"This game is really good. Its not fast paced and its more of a kick back and relaxing game with a good story line. Your always on the watch for your characters and their status and to make sure to collect items to keep your FAMILY or GROUP safe! I high recommend this game to people, great story and great gameplay. Happy Surviving!"
76561198088569561,Recommended,282070,15246977,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Tunasallad,This is a feel trip for 19 euro :D
,Recommended,282070,15247455,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,LauraLou,amazing game with beautiful graphic that captures the sad atmosphere perfectly.as a survival-game-lover i give 10/10!
,Recommended,282070,15247899,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,YOUEFFOHH,"This is a great game, at a great price. Excellent replay value."
76561197976084722,Recommended,282070,15248461,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Steezy Beaver,Wow. Just played my first game of this. Survived 18 days. Never played something so atmospheric. It's so beautifully haunting and bleak.  The fact you get to look back on the story which you created is a brilliant feature. Makes you grateful for peace is this is what war is really like. Couldn't recommend enough.
76561197994079608,Recommended,282070,15248482,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,E-1337,what a crazy game they done a reallly good job all round its so addictive and depressing in a good way i think lol the people in the game really have feelings that affect the outcome 10/10 no doubt
76561198011208494,Recommended,282070,15242457,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,mzapawa3,"This is a pretty fantastic game. Well balanced.  So far I have gotten 20 days of survival and I try to not ""kill"" anyone while looking for more food, but it seems like the game kind of drives you into the criminal aspect eventually just to survive.  The characters getting depressed is very facinating!  And the story line is equally well done. Rate this one 9/10."
76561198168990609,Recommended,282070,15228075,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Godziller,add backpacks to the game
,Recommended,282070,13744663,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ugly God,"Bad Review No. 2It's gotta be the best I Don't Know How To Get There simulator game of 2014. Definetely.I decided I've put some time into this game, had some experience, so I'd write a review. I'm not gonna go full-depth mode and do categories and 8/8 and all that, I'm just going to point out a few things and hope someone gives a damn.There is no real campaign to this game. I mean, sure, there are some set events, but you can explore as you choose, only limited by what you can build. If you've played games like Max Payne, Dishonored, Half-Life, or any games that force you in one direction, this game is not like that. It's almost a little like Dead Rising 3 - you have a certain amount of time to accomplish your goals. It's not restricted, but you are set on an ultimate destination.If you're a person for fast-paced games like Call of Duty, I'd still buy this game. I'm a fan of those types of game, personally, but I still enjoy this game a lot. You will have chances to fight. Say you're scavenging in a place with occupants, for instance, bandits. These guys will kill you if you don't kill them first. You will mostly want to use a knife, considering that anyone that has a gun most likely has the armor and sheer numbers to kill you. So mainly, the combat will be stealthing, sneaking up on people and backstabbing them, or sneaking by to steal food from them. But just keep that in mind - this is not a fast-paced game.This game is not casual. Are you a person that only plays games like Battlefield or CoD or whatever? That sucks. There's no Skyrim/Falloutish saving in this game - when you die, you don't go back to your last manual save. You don't go back to any save. If you're scavenging, and you die, you're dead. You can't exit without saving, you can't exit to the menu, you can't really do anything. In my opinion, this just adds to the idea of the game that much more. War has consequences. And not everyone is a soldier who has infinite access to guns and doesn't have to eat food. There are consequences to your choices, and your mistakes. Like real life.This is the last point I want to make. This game is for people that want the experience. You will have to make choices. These choices can have fatal consequences on your group overall. Now I'm going to put a spoiler tag right here. This isn't really a spoiler, but I want to be safe:You will meet a child who needs medicine for his dying father. Medicine is inexplanably valuable in this war. You can rob him of everything he has and kill him, or help him. Stealing and killing is what you will most likely need to do. You will meet a drunken soldier attempting to♥♥♥♥♥♥a young girl. You could help, but remember, he has armor and an assault rifle.So, if you read that - do you think you can make those decisions? These things WILL affect your group, be it making them sad, depressed, sick, or even dead.What do i rate this game overall? Honestly? 10/10. It's a masterpiece. Complete genius.War. War never changes."
,Recommended,282070,15229336,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Emu Annihilator,Lost my best scavenger on day 5 at the military outpost. Sent the rest of my men one by one to die in my vendetta against them. Survived 8 days. I give 10/10 for its frutration and pure agony of constant failure and defeat.
76561198050917705,Recommended,282070,15231047,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,MrCanzoni,This game inspired me to make my own games dig deeper in the human psyche. Truly a game doesn't have to be 'fun' or 'epic' to be great. I've been recommending this game to anyone I meet who plays games.
,Recommended,282070,13681145,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,REMAIN CALM,JUST HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE YOU TO BECOME FRUSTRATED?: Simulator 2014
76561198073678850,Recommended,282070,13681159,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Takeshi Nakazato,"This War of Mine is an emotional rollercoaster. I have never been so compelled by a game that I wrote a review for it but This War of Mine is an exception. I didn't think much of it at first,""Let's just steal from him just once and then fair scavenging."" Then someone gets hurt,""Well we need meds so just this once."" Then supplies are tight and someone dies and it pains you, you can't help children with medicine because it's too valuable and then you realize how many raw emotional moments you have to face and then you can see it's not JUST a game, it's an experience. I haven't played more than two hours and I experienced all of this through a game. GET. THIS. GAME."
,Recommended,282070,20575784,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Aldo the Apache,Detroit Simulator.
76561198023203048,Recommended,282070,24359641,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,lotheravanti,I don't understand the bleeding hearts that have qualms over killing people in this game. I did that from the very beginning and made it to the end. Us. Or. Them.
,Recommended,282070,24364969,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Haunpo100,its A Good Game Creaters! :)
76561198099077249,Recommended,282070,24369034,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Oct.feng,谁能告诉我汉化包在哪里装？
76561198310699052,Recommended,282070,24374228,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,drewcable22,I really love the concept of this game and has a good feel for a survival genre. This game is fun and addicting wish i had more time to play it.
76561197998719373,Recommended,282070,24256434,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Doc Hollandai,Great game. Wonderful concept and mechanics.  Difficult but not impossible. Deep character develpoment. Rouge-like replayable qualities.  Depressingly accurate.
76561198119617006,Recommended,282070,24251490,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Zly Serif,"I hate this game and so should you!I saw an oportunity, a fridge at a trader that was full of goods and with a clear escape route.Naturally I stole all the♥♥♥♥♥♥and ran.When the scavenging character came back her first words were:""I left those people with virtually nothing, they won't last long""10/10 Would sad-quit again"
,Recommended,282070,24413123,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,SnoreMonster,"A great little game if you can pick it up for a good price. It's very intenstive and suprisingly strategic, kept me hooked for a good 15-20 hours. Also tough to survive, make sure to keep everyone happy and fed otherwise they drop like flies, making future scavenging and building more difficult."
76561198125840039,Recommended,282070,24414005,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ErgoSum,"I never thought that this game would be so perfect. Full of emotion, very easy interface and game rules, very difficult to finish game for the first time and stay... human. For everyone. Even if You never played any game before in Your life."
76561198255586892,Recommended,282070,24411257,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,StarkDaddy,"Its fun at first, but then becomes repetitive."
,Recommended,282070,24452926,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Brad Pharo,"I think this game is bad♥♥♥♥♥and I would recomend it to anyone, however I think they should come out with a dlc or somthing where its based in diffrent countries like somwhere in the middle east or in north korea etc"
76561198190499928,Recommended,282070,24453032,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,RupertZ,"Great game with an unique aspect of war. Best war game ever, since everything goes on in the game may happen at the front of your door."
76561197994450412,Recommended,282070,24343431,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,blackjack071,"This War of Mine is a hard game to win and a hard game to put down.It takes a hard look at a difficult subject. Most games involving war feature soldiers striving for victory. This War of Mine is about civilians seeking survival. The tone and the content make it clear that there is no glory here.The learning curve is steep. My first playthrough was a spiral of setbacks leading to cold, hard failure. This War of Mine does not take pity while the player puzzles out the mechanics. The game rewards forethought - seeing behind a particular day's problems and planning how to deal with dropping temperatures, bandits growing bolder, and dwindling supplies. Tough questions come up during play - offer a helping hand to strangers, ignore the needs of outsiders, or do the other thing? It's all up to the player.The muted color palate and unforgiving challenge make for a grim presentation. Frankly, this is the most depressing game I've played in a long time. The lack of colors and the characters' dialogue make a more and more hopeless situation clear. Does the player stick it out or just start another game?This War of Mine is a solid game, one I recommend highly."
,Recommended,282070,24346879,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TBD GAMING,Absolutely love this game....you can play it over and over again and it is different every time!
,Recommended,282070,24347467,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Davo,"this is one of the greatest sad experiances you will ever have, highly reccomended."
,Recommended,282070,24330911,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Artesque,"I love this game and play it a lot. The style is amazingly well done and beautiful. The gameplay is simple point and click but thats all that is needed, and the developers have handled this mechanic very well. There's a lot to do, and although multiple playthroughs might get repetitive for some, there are different groups of survivors to choose from, which come with varied obstacles to tackle differently.Each character has a unique skill and personality, with different needs and react differently to different events, which may effect how you can play. (e.i. some characters despise the idea of stealing and killing, while others aren't bothered by it.) Its fun to get attatched to these characters and watch as your actions lead to their horrible death, which makes everyone else depressed.Another thing I will say is that this game has a very helpful wiki that is worth checking out.I highly recommend trying this game."
,Recommended,282070,24350259,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,KinomotoSakura_chan,Great gameStory in hospital.................. T.T
76561198047476296,Recommended,282070,24310574,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,florrie_williams,"Really enjoy this game.  Well designed and concieved. It is tough, though!"
76561198156895761,Recommended,282070,24327579,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ale.Starkiller,"One of the most challening games out there, war like it was never experienced before in a videogame. Such as life every, decision comes with consequences that the character that you control may or may not endure. This is one of the best survival games on the market and what it makes it so special is the deeply human side of the people you control, you may steal or kill to survive but those actions will stay rooted in the conscience of your group and might be for the worst..."
,Recommended,282070,24327697,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Daelun,"This game is so simple in design and execution, but leaves me feeling more haunted and sad than most other games out there.Which choices will you make, and how will those choices impact the mental and physical health of your fellow survivors?10/10 would survive again"
76561198078921255,Recommended,282070,15158948,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,InfinitePants,"Game's great for a long time, like ftl, just not for as long. Once you play it enough and understand the game mechanics, it gets a little dull as the playthroughs are then 90% about location spawns, and hoarding items in one pile in abandoned buildings that noone else will ever touch. Still, check my 80+ hours, I intend to play more too. I've unlocked all the groups, but have only beaten the game with 4-5/12.I'd call this a $15 game, so maybe wait until its on sale until you purchase.Would Buy Again"
,Recommended,282070,15159560,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,rgmerkel,Play this before starting your next war game. Repeat as needed...
76561197964678163,Recommended,282070,15160058,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,TheDelano,"Amazing amazing gameeven though u played it through, u still wanna try it again and make them all survive...worth every Cent"
76561197984288365,Recommended,282070,15160202,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mortis,This is a decent game worth paying for when it's  on sale.
76561198039342951,Recommended,282070,15160325,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,s4mur41,"This game is well done pice of art.I like the graphics, sound, gameplay, story.Dislike not many randomization in diffrent playthrough."
,Recommended,282070,15160616,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,☛ PUTIN☚ ™ ♝♝♝♝,"I do not have words to describe, how AWESOME messages it tries to get across. It is a game unlike any other outhere.I am into FPS and World War games, but my prespective changed a lot while playing this game."
76561197993266220,Recommended,282070,15160804,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Alben Anivar,Great atnosphere and one of the few games that really makes you consider hard choices and understand the motivations and reasons behind those choices.
76561198044285142,Recommended,282070,15160915,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Carl Johnson,I CAN'T STOP PLAYING THIS GAME IT IS SO GOOD!!!!
,Recommended,282070,15161146,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Val,one of the best game i have ever playedplay this so you know what if feels like to be a civilian in a war
76561198127851488,Recommended,282070,15164005,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,IIBluePhoenixII,Amazing gameDouble click to feel...
,Recommended,282070,15164223,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Jardhoops,freakin awesome and heartbreaking all at once.
,Recommended,282070,15164254,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fourplay,"Brings a new side to those ""war"" fps games."
76561198062634826,Recommended,282070,15164407,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Letnzle,have to try :)
76561198003475493,Recommended,282070,15164819,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Logan_47,"What I loved about this game is that your morality and character are often put to test!I mean, if you are an evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with no regard for anyone in real life, you will just kill and loot to your heart's content.But if you are a person with strong sense of justice and morality, you will find yourself facing many dilemas and actually feeling sorry if you do something you would consider despicable in real life.I just got started and have already started thinking about stealing food from other shelters (because me and my companions are starting to starve).But then I catch myself thinking ""Would I do that in real life? Would I hurt other people who are also trying to survive?"" So I go about scavenging abandoned places and places where the bad boys are.In addition, this game makes you ""what if"" quite often. Wish more games made me think about my life and wish they tested our character more often.This game is a MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,282070,15165113,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Cel3rYYZ ツ,Real immersive. Worth the purchase.
76561198080967831,Recommended,282070,15212880,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shiroe,I wish they'd release more games like this. I love playing survival games but this takes the genre to a whole new level.
,Recommended,282070,15213241,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ReichManForDaJob,"This game makes you question your own morals and what you would do in a time of war and if you were stuck in your house with friends or family. There are choices that you have to make later on in the game. I only have lasted 25 days as of writing this review. The music is incredible and adds to the mood of the game. The sound effects are really well done. The combat system is a little to be left to be desired though if you choose between sneak and combat. You different charecters have moods that they go through depending on what you did in on a scavaging mission. Your charecters feel different about what happens in the house or on a scavaging mission. For example, (*spoilers I guess*) there is one house that has an elderly couple living in and you can take everything in their house while the man follows you around begging for you not to take anything. So you have to make choices about how you feel."
,Recommended,282070,15214315,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,{M}essy,"This game is greatly set up but i would not want to have started playing this game in the first place if i knew what ideas it was gonna give me, first i was friendly then i kept dieing of hungar/depression, not many feels then. then i started again and i meet a guy at garage who asked for meds for a reason i cant remember, i didnt have anything apart from a knife so i struck him down, then i heard a voice from the inside, ""No, SON, oh no, this cant be."" so i ran back to the shadows and hid as i watched a old man stumble out of the shelter, it was then i realised what i had done, of course, there was nothing else i could do so i stepped out and took the old mans ife so he wont suffer anymore.... this gave me so many feels, plz if you buy it, dont play it...."
76561198092635851,Not Recommended,282070,15199958,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,nero777,"hmmm this game is ""ok"" needs a lot of work though e.g. an diffeclty change. also its bit unfar that every one has guns and loots food and other stuff. you start off with nothin but♥♥♥♥♥♥ the trading so unfar. takes to much stuff make anything. and dose it always have to be winter carnt anywere andya get sick right away. needs a lot of work"
,Recommended,282070,15216210,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Rimbled Jimbles,"10/10 gg wpaJust finished 9 hour session, war lasted 44 days.Had to kill a few people, morale was a big problem right when snow hit around day 23Found myself crying while in the fetal position on the floor after the deaths of Bruno and Katia."
76561198064258664,Recommended,282070,24639026,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,LEGION,Nice platform game. Simple and realistic. A bit pricey but for 5 euro on sale I recommend it
76561198216674433,Recommended,282070,24652905,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Klangkonkhon,สนุกมาก ต้องตัดสินใจว่าควรจะทำอย่างไรในการเอาชีวิตรอด จากสงคราม
76561197992450411,Recommended,282070,24592382,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Crazy::Ralvsen,"Basically this game is a resource management game with atmosperic background and decisions that can make u weep.Alas, you need to survive the war atleast once to get the idea of the game...I played all the non-DLC scenarios and still get mad when my guys don't cope with the circumstances. Recently i started my own scenario with Marko and Marin. Marin severly ill. Up until day 28 i didn't manage to heal him, but when he was healed (about 7-8 medicine over 28 days) the f*cker left the shelter robbing me. §$%§But anyways - a great game.I put ""The little ones""-DLC on my wishlist, but since i am a father, i'm quite sure that i will not enjoy/bear it. *weepweep*Tip: If you know what to do, Marko is the easiest solo char to play, else - not."
76561198135995427,Recommended,282070,24511777,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,KR . Singleton,"It's been a long time since I have played something I could call a 'game'.I played this game with full of joy, and I send my sincere thanks to the developers who made this game."
,Recommended,282070,30828405,Posted: 30 March,all,tikerbasah,"8/10 at first i play this game out of couristy and very very low spec laptop, so i cant play high end game with beautiful graphics and all its glory for ♥♥♥♥s sake it should be about the story of game not the video, anyway, the controller is very good though sometimes enemies bug but still great, control resources and it is simple, i mean just built, place, and use it, and thinking which member that could make great teams, and the dlc, the little ones, which makes it more interesting and challenging because the stakes is getting high than before, yah, like i said in the first one, 8/10 this game worth buying on full price!! ^0^"
76561198032065705,Recommended,282070,24485453,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jack_Wagon,Simulates the lives of regular people anywhere between Egypt and Afghanistan since 1979.
,Recommended,282070,13161629,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,EBALLACK,I gave him medicine and bandages and some food.But he was broken.I could not send him to scavenge.He left us and died.I'm glad he is dead because he was so weak.Realistic Survival Game.
,Recommended,282070,24535769,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Quarennc,Great polish game with awesome climate. 11/10 would not live during WW2.
76561198006030565,Recommended,282070,13686554,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,flux,"This game, made me eat my veggies and chop wood more than my mother can ever do.10/10"
76561198086456183,Recommended,282070,24480176,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SchecterSyn,A good example of a gritty realistic survival game that will keep you playing for ages
76561198096123849,Recommended,282070,14982669,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,[4-31] smash5760,In this game its every man for himself. Dont be afraid to kill that old couple. You gotta do what you gotta do.
,Recommended,282070,24073931,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Out Foxed,One of the best f##cking games on Steam. Just buy when its cheap. Better than e-sport overpriced crap.
76561198129382021,Recommended,282070,24530268,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mark3tor,"The side-scrolling, survival simulation version of Dark Souls."
,Recommended,282070,24481435,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Fares,"Want to get the feels surviving a war? Sure!Well what I did was get a shotgun and kill every single trader in the playthrough for free stuff.I feel great, ♥♥♥♥ you and your dad, garage guy. Katia will love teabagging your deadbody ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,282070,24483295,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Melesse,"I just finished This War of Mine after 13 hours of play.  It is an excellent game that takes seriously the plight of civilians trapped in a war zone.  It's specifically set up to force hard decisions on stealing from others, murder, and there is a genuine anxiety about trying to smuggle supplies out of various buildings filled with thugs.  I picked it up on sale, and after playing it, would say that I would have happily paid full price for the experience."
76561198119628405,Recommended,282070,24142185,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ace of Spades,I love this game along with the new expansion (yay donating to charity) keep up the good work devs
,Recommended,282070,24461676,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,AnteSa,"This War of Mine is a game about a civil war, and you trying to survive with your group of civilians. It is a survival game, with crafting and scavenging. It has alot of hard decisons, which are really depressing. It can get repetitive, but overall the game's great. There's some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, like lockpicks take one space in your backpack, when they're extremely thin and small, but whatever. Great soundtrack. 9/10"
,Recommended,282070,24467610,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,bane?,I let one of the useless survivors die so I wouldn't have to feed so many people10/10 would let Emilia starve to death again
76561198045179749,Recommended,282070,24466574,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Blizzarddust,A game where drinking alchohol really does cure depression! Joking aside it really is a great game.
,Recommended,282070,24503921,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,marques,"It's hard to explain this game, it's not fun at all, it's made for serious hard survivle game lovers, still, can make your feelings go mad, while your mate is barely alive from sickness and wounds, the other one starving but still happy, 2 kids knock on your door, they were in panic asking for medicin for their barely alive mom, and you have to say maybe later because you feel bad saying no to the kids, then the kids leave a bit happier, it will be fine, he said maybe later, while you know, you wont be even able to save your mate mutch less their mom, it's hard!!"
76561198007235971,Recommended,282070,13010591,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Harold,"What a great game, so simple, so addictive. Combat is frustrating though. But very smart and dark. You'll find yourself playing way after your bedtime...just one more scavenging mission....maybe one more...."
,Recommended,282070,13010718,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,The Real Donald Trump,"It was 8 PM, time for another scavenging. Tonight it was the quiet house. I peeked through the key hole and I saw an old couple who were reminiscing about old times, unaware of the intruder on their doorstep. I didn't see anyone else. After searching and looting all there were on a pile of rubbles nearby I decided to pay the old couple a visit. The door handle was broken so I just pushed it open. The door creaked like an old man's bones after a long rest. Both of the house's inhabitants were startled and jumped from their seats.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13010762,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TSUNON,"I don't usually enjoy survival game because every game has their own formula to the chemistry of making tools and... I don't usually survival long enough to learn how things work or even where to collect them. However, this game has a fairly easy learning curve.. I was able to survive 29 days on my first run.. and by I have courage to retry this game... (I died a millionfold in Don;t starve less than 6 days)I agree with most good thing people said in this game, but there is one major improvement they could work on !Add controller compatibility or at least a keyboard binding ! Manueaver across the screen and moving with mouse at the same time looks very simple but also exhausting. I only need the WASD to controll the screen, that's it !"
76561198024288362,Recommended,282070,13011193,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,b0bbyl0ve,"I completed the game in about 10 hours. I survived in the first play through, with the war ending on the 42nd day.Heroes were lost (Marko, without whom we would have never survived), Survivors thrust into a new life (Katia was a bad♥♥♥♥♥. And wimpering Bruno, the wonderful exquisite cook.I'll now play again and try a different style. Try and be self sufficent with Gardens, Moonshine and herbs. It'll be a very different play through, but just as exciting.This game keeps you on the edge, as the survival of your group depends on the actions you make. It can all go pear shaped very quickly.9/10"
76561197989249599,Recommended,282070,13011211,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,maskofnite,"I don't do this often, but I have to for this game.   I have never played a game that is learnable, yet challenging.  I cannot say enough good things about this.  It sucks you in and makes it believable.  I've made it through 20 days multiple times, and I continuously manage to find new ways to die and fail. :(  Buy this game, just don't play it alone in the dark, you might just get depressed about it."
76561198116518260,Recommended,282070,13011256,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Cpt_Sugoi,Really an amazing game. Only complain so far is what seem like a glitch. You can trade one cigarette for like 3 bandages and 4 medcines. You can do that everyday and it pretty munch broke the game for me ...
76561198111814629,Recommended,282070,13011464,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,swiss-tony75,"Blimey! This game brought the Sims to mind, for about 3 seconds, then had to sign up to a therapist! I stole from the elderly and sick, because I want my characters to survive, the developers of this game push that button. Impressively addictive, the fact that you don't have multiple saves to choose from, just where you left off, gives the game an unspoken tension. You find yourself making notes like a student! I'd love some dlc from these guys - today a survivor, tomorrow a wannabe warlord (unless I haven't played enough!). An expanded soundtrack would also be cool. An indie game at reasonable price. Get involved. But, try get a couple days off. You'll need it. Looking forward to more from the developers!"
,Recommended,282070,13011884,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Brigz,"This game is gritty and realistic, you'll make hard choices that will make you second guess or shout in glee.A good rule to follow in this game is Every action can have a positive or negative reaction so choose wisely. Not for the faint of heart. People will die and you will feel the guilt, something most games cant mark."
76561197969302920,Recommended,282070,13011992,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Louieyaa,Great game for passing the time and if you're into survival games.
76561197969764385,Recommended,282070,13012262,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,The EVIL Wallet Inspector,"Amazing game that digs deep into the grit to bring an experience like no other.It will take some patience to learn, and success is never guaranteed."
76561198085850990,Recommended,282070,13012275,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Buck,I personally givethis game four and a half out of five stars. I feel there is more that they could do to it thats why its not a five star game for me.
,Recommended,282070,13012353,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Simon,"Incredible game, kept me on edge for the whole hour and a half I played it, would definitely recommend this to RPG fans.This game will keep you on your toes throughout, whether it's worrying about supplies or hiding from a deranged psychopath.9/10 , this is why indie games are so much better than triple A titles :)"
,Recommended,282070,13012408,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Fruge,Truly a one of a kind indie game there is. 10/10 - ♥♥♥♥ Emil and the Girl !
,Recommended,282070,13012415,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Cool Guy,Fantastic game Would reccomend.
,Recommended,282070,13012424,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Chimera,"It's rather upsetting to be out scavenging, knowing damn well that if you don't come home with a can of meat and some bandages that you are probably going to lose your best friend that night. Not to mention the fact that you have a devastating wound causing you to limp across the yard- which is quite stressful in its own sense; but it doesn't end there because you're also taking sniper fire.You made it! You managed to make it into the building without taking a hit from the sniper!Oh no- You spoke too soon. The door is locked; You left your handy dandy crowbar back at the house and there is nothing you can do but limp back hoping yet again not to get hit by that sniper.It's your lucky day. You dodge bullets by hiding behind various objects on your way home. You make it to the front porch and find that your establishment has been raided- the supplies needed to get you through the next couple of days are gone and bruce is laying in bed mumbling what seems to be his dying breath. We lost her. Katia. She had been there since Day 1; It seems so unreal to have lost someone who has been there with you from the beginning. If she can die, what is keeping you from dying? Why couldn't it have been you? She did nothing wrong. This can't get any worse. You stumble to the hastily made bed and drift to sleep.8:00pm. You can't afford to miss out on another run. Still wounded; but you know that bruno won't last long if you don't manage to get to the hospital and find bandages. And be-damned if you don't get that man a cigarette. Bruno is sound asleep in bed and without a guard on duty, you know the risk you are taking by not having a guard on duty but it's between that and risking him not recover from his wounds. What is it? Do you let him die and keep some belongings; or do you let him sleep and lose the little food you have left? You decide to risk the food. It's that time- you head for the hospital rumored to operate even in the worst battles of the war.You make it to the hospital and are greeted by a guard- Not the friendliest type, but he gives you a verbal warning and lets you enter. You head upstairs and attempt to talk to the doctor, but accidentally burst open their chest of merchandise by mistake. Everyone in the hospital unloads on you. Pavle is dead.Morning comes and you open your eyes as Bruno; starving, severely wounded Bruno. What's the first thing you do? Limp to the hospital. You loot what you can from your dead friend but it's not enough to keep you going another night. All you can do now is kill as many as possible. You charge at a guard. boom. Bruno is dead.You have survived 4 days."
,Recommended,282070,13012567,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Professor Dickweed,"great game but one flaw. the combat sytem is f*ck up, it a battle of who can click the fastest and mostly based on luck because your having a clicking battle with a game AI/competer. so yea if that was fixed it would be perfect. so yea 8/10 good game but has a flaw or two."
76561198029945566,Recommended,282070,13012684,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DragonShotgun,After reading some comments about this game and winning some money on poker I decided to try this game out. After 2 hours playing this game may look simple to play but its not and has abit of everything for a survivor game 10/10
,Recommended,282070,13012840,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,12-Grain Bread,Soul-crushingly good.
,Recommended,282070,13013493,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Sinjun,"This is truly a challenging game, and while I love it, there were a few very key issues that I experienced in my first two play throughs. The first play through, I reached only 16 days, losing a total of 4 characters. The second, 37 days and losing 6 characters.#1. Even though I accidentally drew aggressive attention in one area, I returned with a different character to trade, and that character was treated as if they were the original trespasser and killed.#2. Fist fights killing - three hits and you're dead from none knife/gunfire. Very unrealistic. Also receiving any slight wound from fist-fights can turn into more severe degrees of being wounded. It would seem to be more inclined to make the game difficult, but it feels less believable to me personally.#3. Entering the hospital, my scavenger was told to bring any salvaged supplies to the doctor. I found medicine in the hospital and took it to give to the head doctor. He then proceeded to yell at me that those were his and he called for help, ending in the death of yet another character.Regardless, I plan on playing this game more and find it quite enjoyable despite the frustrations."
76561198046357835,Recommended,282070,13013521,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dylan5122,"This game.... Its just... Amazing, the way the game presents itself, the controls, the interaction between my group members during heart touching conversations, even if a little cut short, are still very emotional, every bandit I killed in self defense just to provide for my own group, the adrenaline that pumps through my veins when im getting attacked by armed bandits, or the fear and anxiety I suffer from when a member of my group gets sick,wounded or depressed, this game does a incredible job making you question who you would really be during a time of war. 10/10 and I hope this game gets GOTY, also I hope the developers continue to make many more games, and continue adding features or updates to this game."
76561197968807905,Recommended,282070,15195438,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Shoobee-Doowap-Baoh,"Fun and interesting game.  Not very long, you need to survive for 45 days, but it can still be a challenge.  It's hard at first, but once you figure out how the game works, when you should eat, how deal with bandits, ect., it gets easier.  Prople die and they stay dead, there is no saving.  You quit the game and start right back up where you left.Lot's decisions to make, on how to deal with people you meet.  You can help people, turn them away, mug them, kill them, or be killed by them.  I broke into an elderly couples house once and they saw me.  I pulled my pistol out hoping that would scare them, but the old man charged at me and I had to bring him down (im not restarting because I lost my best scavenger...again).  ""Oh no, Bernard!"" his wife said. I didnt know what she would do, so I shot her as well.  As I was looting thier house I found a letter that the grandpa was writing to his grandson; he was saying how ""the war is not that bad, it's just not fun for children, which is why we sent you to the country side with your uncle...don't worry grandma and I are all right....""  but they werent...they were dead because of me. Why? Because me and my friends needed food...because I was scared...because it was them or us.It's a good game...but it's short, get it on sale."
76561198099026997,Recommended,282070,15195909,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,LeerenoV,This is pretty good game. Very well made and scripted. And u will play it many times
76561198040147515,Recommended,282070,15196062,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,sardorusa,one of the best games I have ever played!
,Recommended,282070,15196514,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ango,"The best game i've played this year (so far) not very often i play a game on steam that keeps me entertained for hours, its simple and it works. would love some DLC for it eventually. 9/10"
76561198062850808,Recommended,282070,15181714,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ironically Alt-Right,This game bro....
76561198105872701,Recommended,282070,15182029,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,KharonTheGrim,Great game!!!!! Very challenging but not impossible. DLC?
76561198035630146,Recommended,282070,15255391,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,martin,"Truly incredible game, the atmosphere it creates is intense, the economy and strategy elements are thought-through. Very buggy though, plenty of crashes (at least in the mac version in release available in April 2015) make playing it quite frustrating at times."
76561198002526684,Recommended,282070,15255768,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,deadmanseven,"This game presents a different perspective on war, namely the POV of civilians trapped in a war torn city.  There are several different survivors to control, each with good traits (like being able to cook a meal with fewer ingredients) and bad traits (like being a selfish jerk).  The somewhat tedious part of the game is the day time sections, where you direct your survivors to build stuff in their shelter, cook stuff, collect rain water, trap rats for food, etc.  There are several randomized events that occur during the day, sometimes it's a travelling merchant who can help you get that last bit of parts you need to build something awesome, other times it's your neighbors asking for help, but often, VERY OFTEN, you will wait the whole damn day for something to happen and no one knocks on your door.  Now, this is pretty realistic in a warzone but it's pretty frustrating in a video game.  I'd like to know if I can just skip the day and not miss anything but there's no way in-game to know what's coming your way.  At night, you can send one of your survivors out to scavenge various locations around the city (locations that change between play throughs).  A key thing to point out here is that your survivors are NOT soldiers, even the guy who has the Combat-Training skill kind of sucks at combat.  It is very easy to get stun-locked by an enemy in combat and just get killed outright.  Stealth is the better option and much more interesting gameplay-wise.  You've got to watch enemies movements as they patrol, make sure you're not making too much noise, and even shut doors you just opened so that the hostile survivors won't find you.The main theme of this game is hard choices in the name of survival, do you let someone go hungry today so that your night-time scavenger can be ready to go find more food or do you try to feed the guy who is being a jerk to his fellow survivors in the hope he will chill out?  Do you give medicine to sick kids or donate to the hospital?  Do you hoard every damn thing you find and wait for the ""market"" in the city to make trading more favorable to you?Overall, a solid experience.  Some gameplay/time-wasting fine tuning could help even out this game but it's pretty fun all in all."
76561198001241738,Recommended,282070,15270024,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Jake,"This War of Mine serves as a brutally accurate reminder of the true nature of mankind. It forces the player to either die as a man, or become a monster in pursuit of survival.This game makes you realize just how bad life could be, and just how good it currently is in comparison. This is a must-play."
76561198135824956,Recommended,282070,15271097,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,BobaFettHuntmaster,"""There were only two of us left, Pavle was dead, and Bruno had still not returned from the small apartment building he had said he was going to raid. It was just me and Marko, who was nearly dead from his wounds. I had made the decision to leave Marko alone at the house while I searched for Bruno at the apartment. I knew that he had probably been killed, but we needed the supplies, and I didn't want to give up on Bruno. I set out with a knife; the only weapon we had left, and traveled to the building. All was quiet. I jumped up some rocks to get to the first floor, and headed towards the door in front of me. I opened it, and was aghast at what I saw. A man standing there with a pistol, with blood in a pool around his feet. His wounds looked even worse than Marko's. He raised the gun saying, ""You can't do it man."" As there was no other choice, I ran forward with the knife. He threw several weak punches at me before I struck him down with the knife. He convulsed once, and lay still. Shaking in mixed grief and shock for my actions, I wandered in a daze throughout the house, collecting what I could find. I managed to grab a bandage for Marko. While I was looting upstairs, I found the body of Bruno, clutching a knife. Close by, the bodies of two older people lay, covered in blood. Realization of what Bruno had done struck me like a thunderbolt. He had killed the two older people, and had lethally wounded the man who had tried to protect them. I grabbed what I could and left quickly. I never wanted to go there again. I don't know if my life is worth living anymore if I take the lives of others..."" -BorisThis is an amazing game. The realities of war are portrayed so vividly that I become as sad as the characters when I have to make tough choices. This actually happened to me in the game. The story says it all."
,Recommended,282070,15271762,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,AGhostInTheFog,Awesome game. Only complaint I have is that I can only send one person out to scavenge per night.
,Recommended,282070,15258030,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Shakespeare,"Want to play something to help you relax? Then stay away from this.Otherwise, this game will challenge you mentally and emotionally, while the slow built suspense of survival never quite leaves your nerves. It doesn't take long to get a grip on how it works, but it's never the same twice so don't think you can just restart the game and do better next time.This will be the game I go back to, bit by bit, and one day maybe even get someone out of the war alive. And I'll never forget how anyone died. Ever."
76561198034871211,Recommended,282070,15258652,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,andersen.cj,"*This War of Mine: my thoughts*So I recently picked up the game _This War of Mine_ during a Steam sale, and man is it well done.  The basic premise is that you play as a group of survivors in a recently war torn city.  Rather than fleeing, you are trying to make it by though any means necessary, scavenging, looting, and in extreme situations you may need to injure or kill other survivors, bandits, or soldiers.The words to describe how it plays are difficult to find. Because of the theme, it's not a game you ""enjoy"", in that it makes to feel good.  In many ways it elicit many negative emotions, as it is a game that simulates surviving the horrors of war.  I think it does this very well.  In many other survival games, it is presented in the ""we will do anything to survive"" mind frame, without any real consequences for choosing the more extreme options.  In many cases, the extreme options often lead to extreme rewards, incentivizing you to do just that with few, if any, drawbacks.  This game, however, doesn't just let you get away easy with playing like a psychopath.  It's not just about surviving.  It's about surviving, and being able to live with yourself afterwards.This War of Mine takes a look into the minds of your characters, their personalities, and the complex interactions between them and what they choose to do.  I remember on my first attempt, playing through as if it were just another survival game (i.e. playing like a psychopath), and choosing to sneak around, hide, and then kill someone so I could raid his house unhindered.  Not only was my best scavenger severely injured (injury is very difficult to deal with) in the fight, he carried the horror of what he'd done home with him.  The mood infected the whole household, making everyone Sad, and even one person seriously Depressed.  They eventually recovered enough to function, but it continued to scar them for as long as I continued playing.The mood system is extremely nuanced as well.  Every character is unique, with some recovering from different types of trauma better or worse than others.  Arica, a streetsmart carburglar, is much less affected by stealing from people, though it matters what type of people she steals from as well.  Stealing from a group of bandits is treated differently than stealing from an old elderly couple.That is what really stuck out for me about this game; the way they present a nuanced and horrific situation as complexly as it deserves to be.  Some games I play to have fun with, but it's game like this that I choose to play because they make me think."
76561198220600288,Recommended,282070,15258677,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ThePerplexingCat,Never gets old.
76561198075633966,Recommended,282070,15260749,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Shades,"Good game this, bleak but a nice antidote to your more traditional war games."
,Recommended,282070,15261720,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Atmosbolt,This game is great emotional rollercoaster!I think the devs could maybe make a scenario editor to make your own personal game experience and/or the ability to make your own areas and add them together to make a whole city. Custom campaigns could offer more variety to an already amazing game!
76561198096196596,Recommended,282070,15267717,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Puella_Mea,Not sure I would call this a game. Its more like an experience or sim. One that makes you consider the true horrors and victims of war. You make decisions you can only pray to have to never make in the real world. Don't get me wrong its very well done and excellent; its just not what I would call a fun game. It is however something that would make the world a much better place if everyone played.
,Recommended,282070,15137029,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DS-21-2,"This game is by far one of the most challenging but most engaging games I've played.  What I like the most about it is the atmosphere, it's not a zombie game or some futuristic post apocalyptical game but a game that is really close to home, war.  It is challenging but also not so random that you can learn from your mistakes so it is easy to learn from and adapt in order to win.The choices that you make are great in a sense that you might do something similar in real life.  You might help a neighbour or stumble upon a person in need and choose to save them or not.  These decisions can have little impact overall to your survival but it can make a difference to you as a person, in game and otherwise.  Being a by standard in a war torn city must be like living in hell and you can only rely upon your self and your neighbours to stay alive.This game should open people's eyes to what it is like to living in a war torn city and how people tried to just survive.  There are so many conflicts now across the globe that there are many people facing the same situation, that players face, every day.  I think that if people just take a little bit of time to think about this game and how people in the world are going through the same situation that it would make players in general more aware about what it is like to live in a war torn country.Buy this game because it is worth it for the challenge and the complementary soundtrack, which I'd pay the same price as the game.  Contribute a little bit and you can get the DLC which adds artwork that you can discover as you visit locations in the game.  You can get a lot of replayability out of this game as there are many scenarios that you can play which make the game difficult.  All and all a great game with enough challenge and replayability to keep you entertained for a while."
76561198007332777,Recommended,282070,15130720,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tsjop,"Great game, felt eventually like a darker, more realistic version of sims. I found that i did get a bit boring in the end (by just avoiding conflict situations), but overall nicely done. Had not been up to the task to start a new run... Buy it when in sale."
76561198012931704,Recommended,282070,15133683,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Wolvenfire86,"This is a very rough ride. It rattles your perspective and makes you look at yourself (and fellow man) in a different light. The atmosphere is thick with intensity, the gameplay is simple and complicated at the same time, and the sense of loss and danger feels very real.However, I noticed a big…not a flaw per say, but an issue with your second or third play through. After you figure out how to play the game and after you go through one gut-wrenching story, when you try to play it again it becomes…very, very easy. The first time I played this, my heart broke. The second time, I already knew the game mechanics (which upgrades are worthless, who to not let into my safe house, ETC) and I was able to push through the game with very few losses or real hardships. That is fine because as a game you want to eventually beat it, but it is sad in that the initial intensity of this game can’t really be felt multiple times.So, yes it is an amazing intense and sympathetic view to the horrors of war, but your first play through will be probably be your most memorable one."
,Recommended,282070,16425297,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,malej cartman,Very good!!
76561198143921888,Recommended,282070,16426364,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Benton77,Great game!
,Recommended,282070,16406307,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dank Meme,"Oh my god. I should have bought this game when it wasn't on sale. I feel bad, like I'm ripping people off. This game. The feels. It's just about surviving. A minimul HUD. No preperation or explanation of how to play. You're thrust in the middle of these people in a warzone. And you have to learn to survive.As you learn the controls and how to play, you learn what to do. You're basically just like these people. Thrust into a situation with nothing but improvisation. There is no manual for how to survive a war as a civilian."
76561198054680644,Recommended,282070,16407229,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MeatSauceIsMeaty,"I havent been playing for long.  But i have to admit. This game has them feels.   After only a few nights, the game has me worried about my group.  When I go out and scavenge all i can think about is ""I hope they are safe at home.""A woman came to my door requesting help saving her family from a fallen building.  I sent a man to go with her.  About 10 minutes when by and I heard a artillary shell go off.  I almost cried.This game is awesome."
76561198065607392,Recommended,282070,16407908,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,haltron1,Just buy it
,Recommended,282070,16408471,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,KalkiKrosah,"What a compelling story this game has. It tells a story that is often untold, being a civilian in a war. The atmosphere created within this game is surreal and the pencil artwork of the environment lends itself beautifully to the game. The story line alone is enough to warrant buying this game but there's so much more to it. This game makes you think. It makes you weigh out morality and righteousness against desperation and survival. It always keeps you on your toes and once you're done playing it, it really makes you dwell upon the fact that the events in this game actually happened in the siege of Sarajevo.The gameplay itself is simple and easy to pick up. It is a point and click game with minor elements of strategy, stealth and combat involved. The crafting system is fairly wide and easy to pick up and learn on the fly. And the characters are unique and you can even have the option to create your own. The moderate cast of characters gives this game some replayability as well. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story and simple gameplay elements."
,Recommended,282070,16408857,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The DairyEmperor,"This game is more than it seems. You come in thinking this game is sad and depressing...well it is. when you read the bio's for your characters through the days you slowly simpithize with them and think that you really feel their pain. You dont though because you are playing it right now in possible air conditioning or have a fan on. (i watched someone get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game and could do nothing about it :,("
76561198121374011,Recommended,282070,16410303,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Triss Merigold,Nice game
76561197969451117,Recommended,282070,16412037,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Smokey,"Great game with real challenging moral decisions!A very unique game looking at surviving in a war torn city as a civilian.Real like the art style of this game, moody music and the animations are very well done. The crafting mechanics are well thought out and implemented. The game definately gives you tough decisions both on what to make and also how to interact with other survivors.Highly recommended if you like your games to have a bit of substance and moral coding."
76561198077060232,Recommended,282070,16333801,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheWestSide,"first playthrough: one died, one severely wounded, one down with a crippling infectioni watched the survivors that i've carefully nurtured from day one waste away.Second playthrough: i tried to be smarter with my scavenges and use resources wisely.i lost palvo in the second night, due to gunshots from a insane personthird playtrough: robbed of my food and jewlery. gave up cause those are critical items.10/10 wouldn't war."
76561198018198291,Recommended,282070,16334709,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Akinaba,Truly clutching experience
,Not Recommended,282070,16334410,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nos,"Used to be a great game, but now no longer working in Linux. People have had similar problems since last year, but there is still no fix. The recommended workarounds are not working for me."
,Not Recommended,282070,16336356,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fookitnow,Excellent game but then there are bugs... bugs that are still present months and months after reporting them. Epilogue still crashes for me and until they fix it i refuse to play any more
76561197998876100,Recommended,282070,16336456,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ripstinger,"This is a great game with great replayability. So many of your early play hours are full of frustration and inevitable failure. But as you continue to play this game the frustration becomes such an important part of the story. It is a fantastic problem management exercise, and even tiny victories are satisfying."
,Recommended,282070,16336930,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lunessence,"Do you like resource survival strategy games? Do you like feeling guilty for snacking or drinking during a game?Then there's absolutely no reason NOT to play this game; on sale, or at full price.Buy it, play it, fall in love with it. You can even now put your likeness into it.But be cautioned:  Your people WILL die by your instructive hand; they just will, no matter how good you are at managing resources and locations. You have to deal with that, then figure out how to move on without them. Feel sad, but think of the greater good, all up until the last memeber of the group freezes to death or hangs themselves because you didn't do enough to keep them alive.This game is amazing and keeps me coming back for more. I'm not ashamed to call this one of the best strategy games of the decade; not to mention how the visuals, sound effects and score deserve awards of their own."
,Recommended,282070,16338394,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Buzzo,"Games as art can be taken seriously when games like these exist, and the proceeds go to charity. A moderate amount of replayability as well, which is one of the mai nseeling points for me in a game."
,Recommended,282070,13153235,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,/hecesHernandez,"No sunlight that my eyes could see, its raining outside. Mom and dad are gone and my brother died getting supplies. Spend the night on a corner of my shelter while 4 black guys raided and stole all my food.Day 17: I have no one, gunshot sounds are recorded on my head, I can even hear them when they are not there, oh God please help me.Day 18: Hung myself, no point in living anymore in this cruel world, not after all I did just to get through my days. No female company and I'm too dehidrated to get an erection and a last fap.Get this game, for my mom, dad, brother and my flacid dehidrated♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Cheers"
76561198097709617,Recommended,282070,13373623,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Leonidas,actually feels like being in a war
76561198105130144,Recommended,282070,13374156,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Pooki James,"I cannot stress enough how amazing this game is, the dark themes and realistic scenarios make this game a unique and unforgetable experience. Im proud to have this war of mine as my second favourite indie game of all time. absolutely incredible."
,Recommended,282070,13374323,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,LCB DOING MARKET RESERACH,"I struggled. I made decisions that made me feel bad. I managed to do a little good here, and there.   I cried.  10/10 Game, 0/10 war."
76561198007231821,Recommended,282070,13296299,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Jacobite,"Buy buy buy buy buy! Do it, buy it."
,Recommended,282070,13297404,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MedicinalGamer,The Sims on struggle modeWould struggle again! 10/10
76561198079605845,Recommended,282070,13297775,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Bright Lights,"Depressing, Saddening, Tense, Amazing."
76561197971178688,Recommended,282070,13382658,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Captain Trips,This is an excellent original game. I love that it has just enough randomization to make it fun to replay often. Multiple tries are needed to improve your performance and understanding of the game. Very fun!
,Recommended,282070,13383467,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Malavern,"A dismally dark game, showing you the other side of war, and its effects on civilians, watch yourself choose between doing the right thing and try to survive harmoniously, or go off the deep end by killing to survive.Overall epic game."
,Recommended,282070,13383965,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,MVL,"I have been wanting this game for a long time since I seen a recommendation by Steam.When it was released I went straight to buy but noticed a decent amount of negative reviews.I reconsidered buying, but could not resist.All i ask the negative reviewers is...WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ WOULD YOU HATE ON THIS GAME.They say repitition yet have played only 3 hours???BUY THIS GAME. :)"
76561197969030061,Recommended,282070,13384543,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DrHobo,Clever idea well executed
76561197998364699,Recommended,282070,13385140,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,SavageShark,"An excellent and addicing survival style game.What I enjoyed about TWoM, the gameplay is never the same.  You always start with different characters every play.  Each survivor has a unique trait to help you out.  You'll need everything from food, firewood, weapons, water and more to make it through the war.One thing about being the Survivors in the game are the decisions you have to make for your party.  Do you rob the elderly couple of meds when your in dire need or leave them be?  Do you donate meds to a hospitol or robe them of their medical suypplies?The game is well worth owning.  You can even win this game without killing anyone if you wanted."
,Recommended,282070,13397113,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gummie,Incredible.  I'm kind of sad I beat the game so quickly.  Looking forward to a sequel or another game similar.
76561198150658403,Recommended,282070,13397479,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Captainwhale52,The most interesting game for me in this year. It's so emotional and made me feel really bad when I had to kill innocent people.
76561198044409384,Recommended,282070,13397643,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Tyrsilvermoon,"This War of Mine breaks your heart piece by piece...I(pavle) head to the store looking for food, I have people to feel my own group to look after. Then i hear it a man talking to a girl so i silent walk to the door and draw my shovel.. Who knows who those to people could be. I see a man in uniform..a soldier. He begins to proposition the girl. and my heart clenches, would someone who is meant to protect us do what i think is coming next?, he did and i let my anger get to me... I rush the door slamming open raising my shovel. One his he stubble and attemps to raise his gun. Two hits, three hits, four hits, I lay into the already dead soldier. My rage claimed me at that moment. I just killed a man... I just killed another human and I felt a small amount of regret but that girl made it out of that store, made it to her family waiting at home,I didn't find out until the next night, I did something good.(story dramatized to depict my emotions during the moment, in truth only 2 shovel hits were needed.)This War of Mine doesn't need a Press F to feel button nor does it need a Press C to care.Katia died in the night in a raid as she was trying to sleep off a night of guard duty, It is a game but its not just a game it a dark and desperate emoional roller coaster, it pulls at your heart. You do everything to help your friends survive into the next day.But it is an experience like no other. you quickly grow to care for each person, and when a person dies it doesn't just affect the characters but it effects you. If you want to try something new something powerful, something that maked a grown man cry, then get this game.I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,282070,13398428,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Shane,"I was very surprised in how this game pulls you in.  What a fun experience.  The game is serious with serious consequences for your actions.  I still haven't survived the war, but I am enjoying the challenge.  One tip:  Double click to run.   That little nugget would helped in my first game.  I lasted 14 days but never ran once.   I guess once you have mastered the survival aspects this game it may have minimal playability, But until then, the game is amazing.  Well done.One thing I would like to see however is when a character has a trait, such as a good cook.  You would think this would give you a bonus to making meals, it doesn't.  That would be a cool little perk."
76561198022475497,Recommended,282070,13397104,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Seoh,"This game is fun and challenging. It would be nice if there is multiplayer mode. Like all the survivors are players and work together to survive the war. Adn they should add save button, so we don't need to press end the day just to save the game."
,Recommended,282070,13398629,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Regretful,"Great game, highly recommended. It is a fun game, everything you do affects how your characters act. It's got quite a bit of playability for a 20 dollar game and will mostly go on sale again. I'd post more about the game but don't want to spoil it."
,Recommended,282070,13398807,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ApertureAlpha - I Never Trade,Totally original. Lots of fun and replayblity. People should give this one a shot.
,Recommended,282070,13399053,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Panokani,"This is an amazingly intricate game where you get to experience what it feels like to survive in war. Although, I must say, that previous phrase is a huge understatement.The amount of necessary evil you have to do in order to survive is saddening to the point that it pretty much depressed me, made me experience extremely weird mood swings and made me feel like a monster, a beast with the mind of a psychopath.At some point into the game you start questioning just why the heck are you playing this game. What is it that you get out of it other than a crappy day and sadness. You try so hard to stop playing, but you find yourself unable to. You start thinking, what would happen to these people if I left the game? Could they survive just fine?This War of Mine is an absolutely fascinating and beautifully crafted game that is a strong and solid eye-opener. It makes you see things in a different light, it makes you sad, it makes you happy for giving that kid the meds he needs for his mother, it makes you feel villanous for having to steal, it makes you feel disgusted with yourself for having to kill; but most importantly it makes you feel just what kind of a stinking, ugly, disgusting thing the war is.Did I also say all of these happened within 3 hours of me playing? My heart and brain couldn't stand any longer, I had to take a break...It's amazing. Just buy it. Really."
,Recommended,282070,13399148,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,nlpples,"Call of Depression. 10/10, would suffer again."
76561198095161340,Recommended,282070,13209442,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,thecrimsonlion,"Not only is the game fantastic, but when I had an issue with a game breaking glitch the developer spent over two hours going back and forth with me via e-mail until it was fixed (just a driver issue my pc was not automatically updating). The game may go quickly once you know the right routes and tech to get (it is difficult the first time playing), but it has excellent replay value."
,Recommended,282070,13209821,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,theTrav,"Fantastic, both as a game, and as an experience.  I typically don't feel a lot of emotional engagment with games, but this one actually made me feel bad when I killed innocents, and constantly terrified for the safety of my survivors.Even when I was clearly ahead of the curve I never felt like it became an auto win.Quite polished too, I only encountered one possible bug around freezing to death (even though I was running two heaters) I say possible, because it could be I just didn't understand how to use the heaters properly.  I later found you can add more than one piece of fuel, so that could be the thing."
,Recommended,282070,13210340,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,cbethax,"Amazing game, with an immersive atmosphere. Very challenging. You'll find yourself restarting a few times before you understand what is important and what is not. It's quite rogue-like, and that means making mistakes could lose you the entire progress. You'll most likely have to play it through a few times to see all the content for two reasons. 1. There is randomization which means that you won't see all characters, locations and events in one playthrough and 2. It will take a while before you start to manage your resources better, which means that you will most likely not be able to craft everything until the end of the war. On my first playthrough's I didn't get to make a guitar and weapons until day 40, and some places are not reachable without some firepower. On my latest play, I had 4 AK-47's, full armor, guitar and huge amounts of food on day 20. On day 25 I had already scavenged the whole Military Outpost. Awesome game overall, lots of content, very well balanced and everything is neatly made. Combat is not that bad as some people make it sound. 10/10"
76561197970265359,Recommended,282070,13326092,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,JohnnyNucnac,"This game is awesome. It's also frustrating and sometimes crazy depressing. It's fun, but in an odd way. Deeper than I thought was possible from a side-scrolling platform."
76561198009620313,Recommended,282070,13326694,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,leohayward,"up:  This game is good.  Very good, and very unforgiving if you're not careful with your survivors.  Made it to day 26 and then had Marko trie to rescue a girl (he had a gun by then).  Dead Marko..  was so sad.  I could not continue that run anymore.  You end up really liking your people as they develop.  You want them to survive so badly.   The randomness of each playthrough imo strikes a good balance.  Overall very well thought out and executed.down: I would like to be able to pick my own party members tho...Warning:  addictive.."
,Recommended,282070,13326887,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Palander,"Brilliant and stylish survival game, could use a more difficulty options to get it more difficult after 1st playthrough."
76561197961627954,Recommended,282070,13327415,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,VenomForge,(10/10) One of the most fun and challenging Single player experiences I've had.  High replay value with the different charactes and weather startup along with the random events everywhere.
76561198107325539,Recommended,282070,13327948,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,moku,"This War of Mine shows the horrors of war in a way, what a human do to human."
,Recommended,282070,13329632,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,LouviePlays,"This game is slow paced but highly stressful. It can be unforgiving and send into depression. But that is probably the point of the game. You have to manage your team to survive which may mean killing innocent people. Of course, there is more than one way to do so.  You can also save people as well assuming that you actually can afford to.I promise the game does have an end even if it does not seem like it but not knowing when the war will end only makes the gameplay even more tense and the end more satisfying. Sadly, only one person made it out alive from my group.Depressing but definitely worth it!"
76561198013510503,Recommended,282070,13309190,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,[266a2e]Kermit,amazing job by the developers on this.  Must play!
76561198021840284,Recommended,282070,13309420,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Retromach,"Probably the foremost example of games as art, This War of Mine takes you through the shattered world of a warzone and forces you to come to grips with the awful choices people are sometimes forced to make.Excellent replay value, though eventually you will optimize a strategy and find the game too easy."
76561198008153996,Recommended,282070,13309499,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,KeyboardCrumb,"After slaughtering countless enemies as an unkillable commando in recent military shooters, This War of Mine reminds players that war is a brutal, nasty thing. You play as a group of regular civilians, just trying to survive amongst the shelled out ruins of a city.The gameplay is split into two sections, Day and Night. During the day one can build structures, cook food, and manage the shelter where your party has taken refuge. The game comes alive at night however, when you can send out a survivor to scavenge materials. Here you can meet fellow survivors, and either barter with, steal from, or kill for their supplies. While the game is not without its flaws, with only so many things to be done and only allowing one survivor per task, every choice you make feels like you are deciding the fate of this group. Its gameplay is far more effective at conveying emotion than press X to feel ever will.The story is minimal yet atmospheric, and the gameplay satisfies. While this game may not provide as much ""fun,"" it effectively manipulates your emotions and reminds you that War is Hell. Buy this game, and your views on war will change."
76561198025280714,Recommended,282070,13309917,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Ambusher,"This is a great game where you try to survive (not win) in the war.Pros:- Huge emphise on emotions resulting from your actions.- Different ways to survive (Trade, kill, steal)- Each character has its own attiributesCons:- Once you figured out each explorable area, not too much to replay- Some characters has no advantage (Not designed properly)- Much more elements should be in gameMy advice 9/10. Worth the try. See the war from different perspective."
76561197960525169,Recommended,282070,13310698,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Hunter,Really neat little game.
,Recommended,282070,13310796,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Shitpost Crusaders,PUNCHED AN OLD PERSON... TOOK THEIR FOOD... MADE FIRE! 100/10 Bangable beyond doubt
76561198069258277,Recommended,282070,13311122,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Onshoremedal8(Zach),"Day 15: I am scavenging and need supplies. I made a knife the day before so I can defend myself, I killed 5 men that night 3 with firearms and others melee. My group was safe until I died by a gunshot wound on day 35."
,Recommended,282070,13311680,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Slinkyfest,"Fun survival story. Can be emotional and tell a good moral story without throwing babies in fires.Reminds me heavily of Spec-Ops:The Line, and if you know what I mean, then you know you ought to buy this game."
76561197994921957,Recommended,282070,13312210,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Siraj,"I've only played for a few in-game days, but so far, I... this game just has me beaten down.  Not in a 'this is unfair' sense, mind you, but with how bleak and miserable it is.  And strangely? I consider that a strong point! With the situation as it is in the game, it SHOULD be! This has led to both me being down, and yet at the same time wanting to play more and more.This game is one of a kind."
76561198082188350,Recommended,282070,13312462,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,danisking,love this game it is worth the price and then some
,Recommended,282070,13312484,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Blood Dick,"This game was phenomenal! I can honestly say it is one of the few side scrolling games I have ever enjoyed. While simple and a bit over priced, it was refreshing to play a war game from the perspective of an average person."
76561198031193606,Recommended,282070,13313282,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Shadowing,"I beat the game in 27 hours, it was fun but not THAT fun like some make it out to be.. it's sure worth 10.00 but not the 17 I paid and even that was on sale. That said it was enjoyable and would give it around a 7/10"
,Recommended,282070,13313436,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,FFTRAUMA,Amazing game.
76561197964226352,Recommended,282070,13313484,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sandtrick,"BRUTAL. ENGAGING. SATISFYING.This game does not hold your hand. This War of Mine is a challenge as much as it is a game. It's got a slow pace, but the amount of player investment makes it seem like a rollercoaster. I found myself saying ""just one more day"" until it was finished.11 bit Studios has struck the perfect balance between gameplay and player involvement. I wouldn't pay more that $20 because of the time it takes to complete. Having said that, it is extremely replayable if you think you can handle the ride a second time.10/10"
,Recommended,282070,14833464,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Arch,10/10Very enjoyable but yet had me questioning myself throught the whole game with the decsions I made.BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,282070,14834655,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,muffin,"definitely one of my favorit games this year.The graphics and atmosphere is glorious but furthermore the survivors storys and sensitivity of decisions and feelings is putting the game in this dark shape of war noone of us can actually imagine to be in.The level of difficulty is ok to hard depending on what characters are in your team, what locations you are able to visit and how many supplies you'll find. As the game goes on that level doesn't really decrease. The easy locations will be all out of food and medicine so you have to decide whether you'll put oneself in danger and rob or even kill people to survive or if you are able to trade your stuff to keep your team healthy and fed.Theres probably still a lot to bring up but i recommend to receive your own impression."
76561198174619262,Recommended,282070,14835640,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,wintercooled,"In many of the reviews on Steam for this game people tell you what happened to their characters during a sequence of days in the game - and I think that shows a lot about how engaging it is. It really draws you in and you care about the decisions you make.You end up building a real attachment to the characters in it because you invest so much into keeping them alive. In no other game have I been afraid to engage in combat for fear of injury.Hard to describe it in terms of putting it in a genre. You have to make moral choices, manage your items well and scavange for parts, food and other items. I found it to be part resource management, part exploration game and part story telling. It's all fun mind you - even though tending to two sick people when you have no food and your supplies are low and you are being raided at night doesn't seem fun on paper -  I can't stop playing.The art work is great and the sound and music set the mood perfectly.Not sure why people think it's 'expensive for an indie game' - this is hands down the best game I have played in a long while and well worth the money."
76561198042577828,Recommended,282070,14836952,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,aldanae,"Solid Survival game.For me it doesn't have the replayability value other titles da (e.g. ftl, dont starve, isaac)Get it while its on sale, 20 Dollars are quite tough, partly goes to a good cause tho, which is great."
76561198065225922,Recommended,282070,14774769,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,yu,its awesome!
,Recommended,282070,14817366,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,nickhendrix,You will starve. You will freeze. You will die. You will come back for more.
,Recommended,282070,14817891,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,"*AKA*Spike, The Eleventh","This game.. One of the best games ever made about war and what it would be like.I can't reccomend this enough.Play it, feel it.One love!"
,Recommended,282070,14818208,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Xen,"I've tend to roll on my eyes on ""games are art!"" style comments. This one though made me change my perspective. It manages to tackle some pretty serious issues, without seeming either preachy, nor boring, and remaining perfectily captivating while using its unique art style and music to immerse you into wartorn city. It is relatively short -- 40 hours is what it took for me for one play through, and I am SLOW gamer -- but really, the mood gets to you after awhile, and yes, you actually want it to end, just as I am sure your survivors would want to. Keep in mind, than unless you cheat with save files, there are no ""do overs"" there is only one save files per play through, which gets over written, so each decision matters. Buy it, play it, buy DLC proceedes of go to helping children in the warzones, and never look at a pile of 2x4s planks the same way again."
,Recommended,282070,14818391,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ya boi,i crie evrytiem
,Recommended,282070,14821468,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Skye,"Absolutely perfect, Intense and Immersive atmosphere combined with the story of a group of survivor trying to make it out alive, with some survival aspecs mixed in btween, with a dark and intriguing art style making the grafics a beautifully drawn, dystopian city, It has one of the innovative game narative that doesn't even need narative, with the perma-death system, making every scavenge a hard and tough decision as the impropper scavenger might die on that night. All in all, A must buy 10/10 - A review that i copy pasted from IGN"
,Recommended,282070,14823207,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,cgoz,This title offers you a survival at all costs and it's honest about it.I must admit you can't play it over and over but the experience worth every penny.There are a lot of tough decision challenges which doesn't effect the gameplay but make you to question your morality.I highly recommend it.
76561198007754890,Recommended,282070,14823989,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DalZar,"Great game and great art. Apart from minor bugs that don't affect the game-play it is absolutely sublime!If you are thinking about it, I will tell you one thing: go ahead and play it. You wont regret.PS: you wont be able to save in the game but there are ways to go around. google it! Also you will need a pen and paper if your memory is not good. Make sure you pay attention to your characters traits and use them wisely."
76561198011258591,Recommended,282070,14808925,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Rexus Black,"A great survival game.With every day that passes,you'll feell even more emersed to a world where war is what it actually is...Madness.!!! A gem of a game,it shouldnt be missing from your library!!!"
,Recommended,282070,14812705,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,4CCiD3NT,"I've been playing this for a while now and I like it a lot. There's only a few things that bother me in this game, with the main one being the combat system.. it's messy and buggy sometimes and it relies a lot on luck rather than skill.The other problem I have with this game (and it's the reason I haden't played it until now) is the price. It's a pretty amazing and original game, but based on its content and replayability, I would price it at about half of what it actually costs..I give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,282070,14812971,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"This game is quite unique, you see? We are used to play as a blood-lusty killer, entering to the barracks of sleeping soldiers with a chainsaw and cutting them in pieces, we always have to pick a side of conflict. But no one ever told this story of conflict the same way ""This War Of Mine did"". No sides at all, just survival. Your actions will have consequences. Prepare for some heave moral impact on your group of survivors, if you are planning to go and kill someone. This game makes you think and re-think every posible option and do your best to get to the end. It's truly quite unique and I do reccomend it to you."
76561198120197934,Recommended,282070,14813115,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Medievalk,Just perfect..I like the art syle soo much
76561198176717830,Recommended,282070,14813634,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,raveneternity,"I've been trying to help everyone that came for help and fighting all the bad guys I encountered. Up to now I have a team of four living throught day 25 for the first time. No one is killed yet but everyone is hungry and injured. I've ran out of filters and ammos, and am waiting desperately for the rats.I'll try my best to see by doing no evil I can still survive the war. This game is not simply the ``war of mine'', it is the one by playing which you really start to seriously deal with a battle within yourself. I now feel like getting into a struggle btween my conscientiousness and the evil part of myself,----------------This game reminds me of a friend, who was a doctor in Iraq. He once worked in a local hospital and when the war began he was driven out of his hometown by the militia because the hospital refused to say no to the people from ``the other side''. He is lucky because his family is rich and has some ``powerful'' connections and now he should still be somewhere in the U.S.. But few people in his hometown are as lucky as him.10/10 for the game and one extra point for the frustration I endured during my play."
76561197977878742,Recommended,282070,14813671,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Blitzhund,"I struggled to write a review of this game simply because it just so amazingly different and amazingly good. I connected with my characters and their difficult and agonising decisions - often made in a split second or made simply with no other moral compass than survival available to me.I do have a wishlist. I dearly wish that my characters could properly interact with each other. I wish that we could whisper around the heat stove, try to find contentment by dancing and perhaps writing to try to pass the time. Also, I think that by including food and sleep toilet needs were left off. Before anyone laughs or mocks - sanitation is of absolute import when surviving in constrained and difficult environments. Want to do it in the corner of your house? Sure it's safe but there's a chance for disease. Put it outside and you risk a bullet from a sniper. And finally, I wish I could I could move my furniture about once placed.Make no mistakes - the above is merely a wishlist. This game is the real wargame that 90% of us would live if war came knocking on our door. Well done and looking forward to any DLCs or improvements."
76561198050632059,Not Recommended,282070,14813195,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Moonpaw,"Overall it would be a good game. Its a fine micro management survival game. It presents itself somewhat artistically and it controls fluently. But one fatal flaw ruins it. Your save files can get corrupted and your game will stop saving your progress, permanently. This happened countless times to me now and apparently to others as well according to google"
76561197961067642,Recommended,282070,14815650,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DeathToNewbies,"Fun game, like oregon trail but in war time civilian survival setting."
76561198034952567,Recommended,282070,14827280,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Nymira,"If you want something to tug at your heartstrings, give you a headache and make you regret your decisions; this is the game for you. But in all fairness, a good game. REally. :)"
76561198105959844,Recommended,282070,14827781,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Davz Not Here,"one of THE BEST war games i have ever played. It gives the 95% from war, that FPS games leave out ..... play it"
76561198125409559,Recommended,282070,14828223,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Super Pie Man,good
76561197996929186,Recommended,282070,14830081,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,GraceD,It's awesome. Nuff said.
76561198002556190,Recommended,282070,14830921,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,k0zplay,Great game.  Period.
,Recommended,282070,14831068,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,pyrodancer,"This game is at times frustrating as all hell, will make you mad (and sad), and is incredibly fun.  It is point and click roleplaying strategy game that puts you in the position of those affected by war.  You are not the war hero but someone simply trying to get by.  Easily the best 15 dollars I spent last steam sale and easily worth more for its endless replayability."
76561198092549130,Recommended,282070,14699888,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Geobukseon,A wholesome game about a group of people trying to survive in a war they wanted nothing to be a part of.  The atomophere is dark and depressing as you have to take risk after risk trying to keep everyone alive.  Nessessities that were once taken for granted now become a life or death struggle and you have to measure the moral and physical consequences to each one of your actions.It is a satisfying game with a message and an great example about how to do survival horror right.
,Recommended,282070,14700065,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,the entire population of canada,"Probably one of the most immersive games I've played; my heart panged for some of these fictitious survivors.This War of Mine is set in a pseudo-Ukrainian city locked down by urban warfare between rebel militia and the military. You play as a group of survivors, although in some cases you play as a single survivor, locked down in a building you will learn to call your home. Each survivor has their own story, some of which are rather profound and heartbreaking. Your actions dictate the survivors' physical, mental, and emotional health. Over the course of the game, you will craft the essential tools and workbenches you need to ensure survival by day, and scavenge materials and other supplies by night."
76561198025135464,Recommended,282070,14703387,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,sunnyval,"This is an amazing game, it gives you the view from the other side of all those FPS conflicts you've played.  Civilians are affected in every war."
76561198007973861,Recommended,282070,14705084,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ArcTrooper390,"I like it a lot. It is deffinetlly a must play. This game does meny things right. But it has little replayability, sure there are a good handfull of playable charecters but its not enough to keep playing it. The world and places you vist never change. (exept for when there is war there but then you just cant go there) The crafting system is good but it can get really anoying at times. The amont of crafting matereals at times is way to much. Also there are meny random events but they always seem to fall short of having any impact to the game other then your people being happy or sad. I would love to see this games fleshed out more.There should also be more comunication with the AI in this game. Most of the time the AI shoot you on sight, or ignore you. It constently trys to ♥♥♥♥ you over with getting raided wich makes since but there is never a positve outcome, the most positive it gets is if nothing gets stolen and noone gets hurt. I would like to see an vareaible that says you killed the raider and took his stuff. ( teech you to break into my home ) Then maybe get the option to follow them back and raid there place or they come back agin and you got to defend your home. Just more randomness. And one more thing, you need tons of wood to make stuff. There re intire buildings falling apart, there should be no shortge in wood. Also to send more then oe person out to scavege.Finale verdict 8 out of 10 a mut play.Pleace buy this game and support this company they deserve it. Would love to see some DLC for this."
76561198121997490,Recommended,282070,14706859,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,PaeZ,"This is a very good game. In this game ,if you wanna be a good guy it will be hard to survive. But if you are a bad guy it gonna be easy to live. It's your choice."
,Recommended,282070,14631110,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BlitzKrank,"This game... I LOVE and HATE this game!!! Its survival in a way most don't think about it: sure, fight the elements, fight the enemies-but wait, fight your own conscience? Yes. In this game, your biggest enemy is YOU: not in game you, REAL you.This game, after the first time i played through ONE of the stories, had my nerves frayed SO badly, I NEVER wanted to touch it again... but at the same time, it captivated me so thoroughly that i REALLY wanted to play through the next story, and COULD NOT put it down! (although I did force myself to take breaks when I was obviously too nerve-fried to make objective decisions).Its terrible in a way that it makes you FEEL! And OH how you'll feel the first time a Character dies, because it WILL happen at least once, but at the same time, its WONDERFUL because is captures you, it binds you to your characters as if you were there, you WANT to survive the war with a passion. But the Strongest feels of all, are the ones you'll have to face from other people.Guys with guns and prisoners? Bad. Obviously that's not a hard moral choice. But... lets say you visit the little old cottage where an elderly couple lives... but just barely... they don't attack, as a matter of fact, they directly ASK if you're with the bandits, and BEG you not to take what little they have... but wait... they have bandages and medicine, and your favorite character is at home, severely wounded/sick and dieing? Sure, the couple don't need the building supplies or maybe gears you may come across... but... the old man begs you not to take his wives medication, she's not well... and they might not have enough food to last the winter, even if you DON'T take any of it... now what? Who's good? Bad? In a bad spot that you can choose wither or not to take advantage of? Or leave them alone? Or help in some cases?Are the people who hoard their food and water bad? Or protecting their families safety? Are the people raiding your base doing so out of malice? Or desperation like you might have done the night before? or the one soon to come?All in all, if you don't mind frayed nerves, and long nights, at the payout of GREAT satisfaction and peace of mind, then I BEG you, give this game a high priority: you wont regret it."
76561198066004392,Recommended,282070,14684685,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Labor Che,"This game. It makes you feel. Everyone else is posting their stories, so I suppose I will too.I had killed, stolen. I had provided, consoled, loved. I had disappointed, surprised. I had sustained injuries, and made miraculous recoveries. I had protected. I had died trying to protect. We started with four, and brought in a young girl as if she were a sister. That young girl was also the first to leave us. Then went the fit young man, with determination in his eye and a will to serve. Then the musical girl, a good samaritan to someone whose face she had not seen. These souls were wrenched from their earthly vessels, and cast into the abyss by the evil. But were their murderers truly evil? Or were they the same? Had they suffered the same hardships as we? Had they once been good samaritans as well?Only two remained. There was talk of an end to the madness, but the waiting felt like eternity. At last, respite came. Life could never return to what once was.I cried during the epilogue.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=400021149"
,Recommended,282070,14687283,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Khaos,"Awesome game, great atmosphere, amazing art, just all round awesome game. I wont go over all the pros, because there are a lot- but here are some cons I'd like to see fixed some day.-It needs a bit more replayability (don't get me wrong, you still get 10-20 hours!)-Needs to be a bit harder. Fifth time around I managed to hit day 40 with 55 food, 10 bandages and 10 meds.-The ability to hide in the dark spots are a little exploitable, since one after the other just run up to investigate, and you can chop them into stirfry.Over all, its worth more than 21.99 thats for sure."
76561198008494931,Recommended,282070,14847656,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,KBz | Darth Meth,"Two thumbs up.Pro:  Atmospheric survival game.  Serious treatment of violence.Con:  Ending times too predictable.   Replayability somewhat limited.Suggestion for a Director's Cut:   Add an event that delays the end of the war.  Have some chance that the peace talks/ intervention does not work out and the player needs to amass x supplies for escape.      I just feel replayability needs a little nudge with some additional events and potential unexpected delays to end game.   An ""extra hard"" event set DLC would be nice."
,Recommended,282070,14860315,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Hot Dog Filter,"This is the first review I have written... This game is seriously amazing, I feel for the characters. After one of mine died to wounds sustained in battle (after getting drunk and refusing to bandage himself), my other character became severly depressed and hung herself! (I found out after I came home one night...) I immideately exited the game and stared blankly at my computer screen for 5 minutes. Now I am here writing this and contemplating watching a very funny movie to cheer myself up.10/10"
76561198080000255,Recommended,282070,14862836,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Wr3Ck3d,10/10 house missing 1 wall and people cant just walk in they still use the door?
,Recommended,282070,14865000,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,was noob -idiot-,I just Bought it today and it feels good to play an not so futruristic game and reminds those old days
,Recommended,282070,14857397,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,See something? Say nothing,legit
76561198071998739,Recommended,282070,14861161,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,abbieam28,This game is hard for me..I can't live to see one of my survivor dead...
76561198004739517,Recommended,282070,14675078,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Ceal,Very good game. 10/10
76561198091944637,Recommended,282070,14675145,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,General4500,لعبة ممتازة وانصح بتحميله
,Recommended,282070,14680557,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Bouncer,The best godamn apocolyptic type game next to fallout you have to make sure all your ai chaacter things are fed and have medication and are happy all while trying to scavnege for things and trying to stop raiders from taking everything. you can help or kill people
,Recommended,282070,14780925,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,m0s,"Survival platformer game, pretty similar to Deadlight on the aesthetics and gameplay, but pretty different on the concept. Here you have a main base, which you can improve at day, and you will go scavenging at night for supplies. The game atmosphere is very dark and oppressive.Excellent game, one of the best I've tried."
76561198098142721,Recommended,282070,14782210,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,kohp111,"I love the game; it's style, ambiance, game mechanics and storyline are great. I would have bought this game months ago if there was a DEMO available. I was on the fence and actually gave it a pass when it was released, but once I saw a Yogscast playthrough of the first part, I bought it.I'm glad I didn't miss out on this game and would recommend it to anyone look for new and innovative gameplay with great atmosphere.DEMO, DEMO, DEMO! Would have bought it sooner. Maybe just the first day, would have been enough for me :)"
76561198034936630,Recommended,282070,14782305,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ColonelZoren,"All right... all right... all right...This game could be the only REAL survival-game ever made in all time. Never play a survival game such realistic and were the problem IS survive (and not fight).There is no ""easy mode"". There is non mercy. This game is difficult as hell. I buy it only two days ago but i'm ready to say it: this game is difficult, frustrating, cruel. And it is good. The atmosphere is stunning, the mechanic very beutiful. I'ts immersive, challenging and re-playable.But be careful: this is not a wargame, this is a game about war. This stuff is NOT for kids.Hope for upgrade like new characters or event or something else.P.S. Sry 4 bad english."
76561197991382700,Recommended,282070,14783133,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Wally™,"Fantastic game, has me hooked! Must buy."
76561198064900730,Recommended,282070,13378681,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hajnex,"Great game, awesome new look on war/survival games."
76561198007223851,Recommended,282070,13379876,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,NincompOOp,"Great game, but limited replayability"
,Recommended,282070,13381286,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,MartinC,"So finally, after a week of being hungry every day, Marko decided to take the risks and go scavenge the super market. The guys at the shelter let him know it was guarded by the soldiers. So he did know it was very dangerous. Still hunger was getting an issue for all. He took some cigarettes, coffee and meds thinking to trade for food.When he got there a soldier was trying to r a p e a girl. Marko tried to stop him. Rifle shot to the head.The girl run away, alive.Now back at the shelter they all talk about telling this story, a true example of heroism and sacrifice. They'll wait to tell this when the war is over to their families, when they see them again.But no one wants to go to the supermarket now. And they're all still hungry.---------I thought all that about ""morals"" and ""feelin bad"" while playing this game was just some excited kid's talk.I have to admit now after playing for a couple of days, having some bit amount of sensibility, it really makes me think and simulate about the ""what if's"" of living through a hell like ""This War of Mine"".A great game."
,Recommended,282070,13496643,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Wave,"When the war had begun and the cities were shelled to crumble in a nonstop artillery fire, those civilians who couldn't escape the city were trapped in and formed small groups in whatever shelters they found.Three men: former fireman Marko, former professional footballer Pavle and former master chef Bruno joined together and settled into a large building that wasn't too heavily damaged in the artillery fire.They searched trough the building scavenging for whatever supplies could be found and during the nights one of them left the house to go hunt for supplies from the destroyed city.For a few days everything went about as smoothly as things can go during the war, if you don't count minor sicknesses and wounds or other scavengers attacking and raiding their shelter.Everything changed in the fourth night. Bruno was attacked by another scavenger who tried to steal medical supplies for his father and Bruno was forced into killing the other scavengers. Despite the good loot all three men became very sad and Bruno eventually fell into depression. Tensions were higher than ever in the shelter and none of the men could sleep well knowing that they weren't innocent civilians anymore.A few days later Marko bravely killed a soldier who was harassing a girl and it gave a little morale boost for everyone, however the supplies had became rare and civilians had more and more weapons so scavenging quickly became a fight for supplies. Killing and death were everywhere around.One night Marko headed for the old town square to trade supplies, he was scared by a man who sneaked behind him and he drew the gun. The quiet town square was filled with noice when everyone were screaming""Drop the gun!""to eachother. Marko dropped the gun but someone from the mob pulled the trigger.Pavle, Bruno and Roman who had joined the a bit earlier were shocked. Pavle decided to go to check the town square and gather back the supplies from Marko but he was immediately greeted by a volley of lead.Bruno and Roman were slowly going insane and starving while left in the shelter with no food, weapons or supplies because of two failed nights...The struggle continues...That isThis war of mine.Merciless, gloomy, sad, emotional and hooking.Never before I've cared if three letters appeared under the character ""sad"".This time... I knew I couldn't do anything, I knew it was my own actions that lead to it and this timeI cared.Never before I've had to choose do I want to have food for all of my characters but then 2 of them have to eat it raw because I cannot carry enough firewood or do I only feed 3 of them but everyone has a warm meal. Or could I possibly ditch the precious medical supplies or weaponery that I found to feed them all well?"
76561198012988831,Recommended,282070,13499088,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mooseknuckle [1upZ],"I am really enjoying this game.  You have to scavenge, craft, and you also end up doing morally questionable things.  This has an effect on your group.  Well worth the money."
,Recommended,282070,13502287,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,mrwazzle,atmospheric and thought provoking gameplay choices to be made. balancing your survivors hunger and tiredness as well as scavenging around each night really becomes addictive gameplay wise. much better than i was expecting.
76561198035598186,Recommended,282070,14771954,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Darkstaru,"So for the 3 hours that are listed when I type this review, I love this game. Its so ♥♥♥♥ing depressing, you never know if you make the right choices, everything you think is right, you're so called morals will be wrong. Its either a kill or be killed world. It's the best survival game ever made.PS I couldn't kill the elderly couple, I just stole there stuff. Im a damned monster..."
76561198028302514,Recommended,282070,14773029,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Endgame,Great game. Best survival game I played. Very unpleasant war-feeling. Challanging
76561198006547335,Recommended,282070,14774762,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Adasi,"This is quite possibly one of the most engaging, thought provoking games i've ever played.It's a fantastic opportunity to immerse yourself in a wargame that you've never played before. You're not a ""stars and stripes"" Pvt but a collection of real civilians with hopes and desires struggling to survive.There are times in the game that genuinely pull at your emotions: do you keep that last can of food for yourself or give it to the kids so they can survive? Do you mug the old people for their medicine so that you can survive a little longer kowing that it will likely doom them?The art style and the music fit perfectly and present you with a melancholy world; desperate and lonely.Currently on sale this will probably be the best £10 you spend this year on games!"
76561198062477722,Recommended,282070,14763811,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DerpCircus,"Obsolutly great game. I have reached the end of the game.It just ends around day 40-45.  I do wish it had more of an RPG aspect. That is ugrading skills or finding larger backpacks...etc. Otherwise overall fun and great ability to replay. I wish it was longer as well. It sucks to work hard for everything and it all just ends. You can beat the game in a matter of a few hours.  Also, you unlock new people. Sometime they show up on your door step. At the same time, on the try where I beat the game, Bruno took some stuff and left in the middle of the night. If the game was longer ith an RPG aspect you would feel more attached to the people, not just the size of their backpack. I also with there was a option to attemp moving locations or even an option of letting you defend off raiders or it remaining automated. Overall great game. I hope to see add-ons, extentions or updates/"
76561198110879819,Recommended,282070,14039837,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,King Kuck,Amazing game! Really fun to play and gets you thinking
,Recommended,282070,14041375,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gaunty,"- Went to an old apartment building that had been split in two.- People inhabiting the side I have to enter through.- I try to sneak in, some woman drops down out of the window above.- She yells ""Hey, what are you doing!?""- I lunge at her with a knife and silence her screaming.- Too late, someone heard.- Another woman comes down with a gun.- Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥- She drops her gun and starts sobbing over her friend's body.- I pick up the gun. Leave the woman to cry.- Head upstairs to see if I can steal anything.- Come across another woman on lookout with a rifle, cursing some guy in the other ruined half of the building.- She turns around suddenly. Before she can say anything, I pump a shotgun into her chest.- She falls off the balcony, landing close to her other dead friend below.- I loot the place.- No regrets.- After I leave, I realise all the people there were women.- I also remember reading something about shots being heard during the night. Explains the lootout.- Suddenly catch on that the women were likely hiding from a guy/some guys over in the other abandoned building.- Realise they may have just been defending themselves after a bad experience with males.- Remember saving a girl from 'sexual assault' two nights before. That♥♥♥♥♥♥happens in this City.- Realise that I just killed people who were scared and only hiding to stay safe from a guy that was possibly a 'sexual predator'.- All the regrets.This game's bloody amazing if you like a game tugging on your heart strings."
76561198148873385,Not Recommended,282070,14041687,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,andrew.hopkins,"If you like something that has very slow game play, and is rather depressing, then this is probably the right game for you.  Interesting idea, just so so depressing..."
76561198040306465,Recommended,282070,14044895,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Reidicus,"This War of Mine has been an extremely difficult game for me. Getting attached to my little pudgy chef, my adorable little running boy, and my grumpy old scientist, all for naught. It was a fateful night. Like the fool he was, the poor little chef ventured out into the hotel. He wanted to save the people there from the atrocities of the psychotic killer on the loose. Armed with an AK-47 and iron will, he moved in. Too late did he realize that he had no bullets.The runner came next. He ran in, knife in hand, and was shotgunned mercilessly.The poor old scientist was last. With no way of scavenging, no weapons, and no food, he slowly starved.All of my chillins died...In all seriousness, This War of Mine is a brilliant game. It outlines the all too serious issues of wartime effects on civilians, ever present in this day and age. It also runs paralells to the violence in Ukraine, as it is set in a slavic country with a good deal of conflict between a rebellion government and an already established government.The game also allows you to make a pretty awesome bomb shelter, and gives you crippling morality decisions. As you take on more members for your party, you increase the likelihood of starvation, but at the same time, turning away starving people is almost too much to bear.This War of Mine does not simply tug on your heartstrings. It pulls them out and mercilessly beats you over the head with them, then for good measure slaps you about the cheecks a few times before jamming them back in all haphazardly.Now my heartstrings are spaghetti....I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great game theyre willing to invest some time into."
,Recommended,282070,14044998,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,TheOnlyPop,"One of the best memorable games I have played. This game makes me want more and more of it. Sometimes it does get a little to repetitive. After a small break from the game, you can come back and continue your survival. A great game to pass the time while collecting more survivors and supplies. This game goes to all the hardcore survivalist and people who want to know a little more about war. This is the struggles of war from the citizens perspective. I would recommend this game a hundred times if I could. This will end up as a classic one day in this future."
76561197971113064,Recommended,282070,13986274,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Cpt.FancyPants,This game is really tough and demanding! But totally worth to play.
76561197964586653,Recommended,282070,13988071,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,VoLaTiLe^,Great survival game with really true to life choices. A bit depressing but once you get into it you will not stop playing it
76561198122375272,Recommended,282070,13988527,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,babegotbrains,"Surprisingly addictive. You can't save mid day so the feeling of ""just one more day"" leads to hours of gaming. I like the take on a different PoV from usual war games. In charge of a group of civilians, your goal isn't to kill and destroy but to survive. Very challenging when other people are willing to kill to protect their scraps."
,Recommended,282070,13988711,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Zenith,"This War of Mine is an excellent survival game that shows off a different aspect of war. You are not a health-regenerating god with the skill to shoot enemies in the head with a pistol from 100m away. No. You control a group of survivors that are facing the hardships of war: having to scavenge for supplies, fend off bandits, beat the chill of the winter, etc. And trust me, it is HARD!The controls are simple: click here to walk, click there to search through some trash, click on that guy to punch them, etc. And it is well done too as I never felt like that controls were inadequate or dodgy, so props to the developers on that one. The gameplay is simple too (there seems to be no tutorial, but after 5mins of playing you will surely figure out what you're doing): build up your base with furniture, create weapons, manage your survivors health and hunger, trade with other survivors that approach your shelter, and more, throughout the day. When night comes around, you get to decide who sleeps, who guards (or have no one guard, which is risky due to the possibility of being raided), and who goes out on a scavenging run (e.g. search an abandoned house for materials, or go all out into a military outpost looking for food or medical supplies).The soft pencil aesthetic is very pleasing too over the top of the 2.5D look of the game. The music and sounds are all well-done too, although the variety of music on the radio is limited (probably due to the war, which is justifiable). The different characters you meet along the way all have their own bio, which changes depending on how they're feeling (e.g. if they have just killed 3 people on the last-night's raid, they may be feeling quite depressed about it). Because of all these factors and the fact that the war could last only 30 days or over 40 days, the potential for replayibility is high.If you're interested in seeing the side of war that most modern-military shooters don't often portray these days and want to play a rather difficult survival/management game, then definitely pick up This War of Mine. It is truly brilliant!Enjoy! :D"
76561197980168646,Recommended,282070,14011747,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Raven,This game will make you do crazy things to survive
,Recommended,282070,14003228,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Magyarman,"Don't start playing this game the night before you have to get up early, you'll look up from the screen and realize it's already noon. 9/10"
76561198121052107,Recommended,282070,14004287,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Miss Piggles,It's a challenging game. FUN!
,Recommended,282070,14004387,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Full-Metal-Bunny,"Take the Sims and set it in a war torn Eastern European country.Now image instead of having Sims about living the consumerist American suburban dream (nightmare?) You and your ""family"" are trying to eek out a survival in a world without right answers but hard choices.This game will hurt your soul and make you come back for more... it's beautifully dark."
76561198147880012,Recommended,282070,14005297,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,macka6868,"I really like this game,  most people probably will too!"
,Recommended,282070,32650794,Posted: 22 June,all,Stefan,10/10
,Recommended,282070,32650537,Posted: 22 June,all,Subject04 | #Awoo~!!,"A great game for role play. You feel it when the characters breaks down for many matters. Big, small, you name it."
76561198044776427,Recommended,282070,32668013,Posted: 22 June,all,SpetsnazT-72,Very intense game that has one thinking about multiple assets to reduce the possible problems for their characters. Greatly enjoy the ability to sneak or attack when scavenging. Most refreshing is the physical angle of the game as cut-outs of buildings and spaces.
,Recommended,282070,32681163,Posted: 23 June,all,[IDGC] Mereb,"this game make you dont want a war in this world, seriously, this is epic! love it."
76561198089974774,Recommended,282070,32681240,Posted: 23 June,all,Uh?,Good!
,Recommended,282070,13671768,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rory cs.money,"Amazing game but once you've played it a few times, it gets a bit tedious."
76561198275150033,Recommended,282070,32696806,Posted: 23 June,all,kidrodriguez1996,AMAZING
,Recommended,282070,32687153,Posted: 23 June,all,paradise,"Here's my opinion about this game.First of all, you can't play it too long because you just will die of boredom but this game is also attractive. This war of mine has very good audio. I mean the music and sfx are incredible. The atmosphere is 100/100 real war atmosphere. I love that you can plan the night, who's gonna go and raid house, who's will be staying at shelter and watching that nobody tries to steal anything from us, and also who's gonna sleep, just for bad mood or wounds. I rate this game 9,5/10, cause its not a big varation of places to scavenge."
,Recommended,282070,32696486,Posted: 23 June,all,Squididly33,This game is one of the few games that hit me right in the feels
76561198298829205,Recommended,282070,32700907,Posted: 23 June,all,<TheBest>,Nice game to play if on a long plane ride. Takes about 10 hours to finish the whole game.
,Recommended,282070,32701808,Posted: 23 June,all,gebbies,"This game is a new way of looking at war. I'm finding myself not eating playing this game whilst trying to find food and supplies for the characters  within the game. Quite gripping so far, sometimes frustrating (startegic flaws on my part) but worthy game."
76561198085124464,Recommended,282070,32735339,Posted: 24 June,all,Molester pls help,yeas
,Recommended,282070,32803005,Posted: 25 June,all,Xel'Naga.CN,In modern war… you will die like a dog for no good reason
,Recommended,282070,32803606,Posted: 25 June,all,Aoichou,"This game was surprisingly powerful on an emotional level. I didn't think it would actually affect me quite as much as it did until I had to turn away two orphans looking for medicine because I desperately needed to use it on one of my sick characters (the only one who was really useful for scavenging in the more difficult locations). It's entertaining and strategic, and it's beautifully designed and laid out, but damn if it doesn't have that emotional core that really brings it all together. I would absolutely recommend this game, and the DLC, a hundred times over."
,Recommended,282070,32780317,Posted: 25 June,all,perditaXdream,"This is a heavy game, but extremely well made in its complex simplicity. It's not a feel good game. It challenges your perception of war and the romance of survival games, as well as your ability to manage scarce resources. It's captivating and the characters feel alive, until they die in some horrible way and the feels hit..."
,Recommended,282070,32805182,Posted: 26 June,all,Legrava,-
,Recommended,282070,32828634,Posted: 26 June,all,CoBy29,Best survival game!
,Recommended,282070,32766361,Posted: 25 June,all,TheRedPanda_42#,"This War Of Mine Reveiw:The gameplay is not what i expected but i was still pleasantly suprised. The controls are simple and easy to learn.The story of the game is that a civil war has broken out and it has been going on for years and you are then put in the place of 3 civilians to survive in this enviroment, where members of you're party can die permanently. You are set to manage you're party, you're resources and scavenge for supplies in the night.The game has a very depressing feel during the entire time you are playing wich is very fitting for the game's theme.This isn't one of those games that hold you're hand through the entire game. Its hard and challenging wich is good if that is something you are looking for in a game and again, this also firts nicely with the games theme of War and the struggle that civillians like you and me undergo in a situation like this.One thing that i want to complain about is that the game does have a lack of explaining a few basic things, like upgrading you're base, effects of specific items and stuff similar to that.Pros:- The game is atmospheric- The controls are decent- Its challenging wich is always a plus in my book- Its of ok value especially if you can get it at a saleCons:- A lack of explaining of basic mechanicsConclusion: The game is at decent value especially if it is on sale. It has a great atmosphere and a dark undertone. Controls are good and gameplay is different then what you may be used to then again i dont know what you may have played but for me it was a nice change of pace.PS: Sorry for possible broken english im not american or british, so bear with me ;3 And thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,282070,32792001,Posted: 25 June,all,Perry,I love this game. Great game for blowing off steam and a real war survival game. The devs reall worked hard to get this game to where it is at. Thank you guys
76561198011280618,Recommended,282070,28010293,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Loben,Great game!
76561198003500396,Recommended,282070,13242788,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,"I'm Rick James, Bitch","Amazing. This game redefines the word tension. From trying to build up your base to scavenging at night, this game really gets you hooked with its building engine, characters, and other features. There was actually a point where I lost one of my favorite survivors and I was actually sad in real life about it. That's never happened for me in a video game before. The subject matter is quite dark but the game itself is incredible. 5/5, you need to play this game."
,Recommended,282070,13243211,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,protein Surpreme,Great game
76561197962726913,Recommended,282070,13244674,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,nekkid,"This game makes you think about the hardships of war. Great to see another perspective besides the guy who is doing all the shooting.  Feels really well thought out, it is difficult, I usually get to about day 16 before everything goes totally bad.  It is serious and entertaining at the same time, hope to see a lot more games like this."
,Recommended,282070,13245001,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Garrett,"One of the most compelling games I've played this year. This War of Mine puts you in control of a small band of intrepid survivors trying to survive in a battered city in the midst of a civil war. Every night you must scavenge the city for supplies, and every day you must trade some goods for others in order to keep your survivors fed, warm, healthy and happy. With realistic mechanics that deal not only with your survivors physical health, but their mental state as well, This War of Mine is a bleak look at the side of war video games don't show often enough. You are not a mighty warrior, cutting a swath through enemies with your machine gun. You are trying not to die while far greater powers struggle for dominance around you—something you almost never even get to see.There are as many ways to play this game as there are people who play it. You can attack other survivors and steal their things—though this, of course, will have a huge impact on your survivors' morale. You can try to hoard some supplies and trade them out for food and materials, but if your supply runs dry, you'll swiftly starve. Events and your survivors are randomized, so the game has great replay value.Is This War of Mine FUN? No, not in the last. At least not for me. But it's tremendously compelling, in the same way as a sad book or a Shakespearean tragedy. You don't need to be laughing or cheering to be deeply emotionally invested in a game, and This War of Mine proves that in spades."
76561197973528410,Recommended,282070,13245414,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kalas,"A decent base/supply management game with basic stealth mechanics. The game's strength is in the moral choices you need to make in order to survive. Will you rob the Elderly couple or give food to starving children? Ultimately these actions weigh on your characters and can affect the outcome of your survivors. The game clearly has a message to tell about the grim realities of being a civilian in a war torn city. It mostly succeeds. There are some obvious gameplay choices that deters slightly from the message but overall the game strikes a good balance.The game took me 12 hours to beat. I restarted the game three times. There is some replayability as the encounters will differ and the locations/survivors will change. I don't plan on playing the game again now that I've beaten it.I'd recommend it. My only criticism is that the stealth combat mechanics (which obviously isn't the main focus of the game) could have been a little better. Occassionally I'd see some wonky AI behavior but it was definitely not a detering factor. Don't play this game if you are looking for a ""mark of the Ninja"" type experience."
76561198070158479,Recommended,282070,13246079,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Zer,I can not recomend this game enough. This War of Mine made me question my human nature and what I was willing to do for the sake of my survivers. 10/10
,Recommended,282070,13087226,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,h00li64n,"This is the Sims, if The Sims revolved around a group of people trying to stay alive during the siege of a city."
76561198048789427,Recommended,282070,13087592,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,roywjiang,very dark and very good
,Recommended,282070,13074246,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Buddy,"While scavenging at a supermarket, without any weapon of any kind, I peak through a keyhole to witness a soldier sexually assault another scavenger looking for food.  What could I do? I had no weapon.  He had a gun.  After the soldier pushes her to a locked room, I continue to scavenge what's left before returning home. I never got over what I saw."
76561198006031111,Recommended,282070,13088727,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Beros,"10/10, organic, engaging and brutal, best game of 2014 hands down! closly followed by shadow run returns dragon fall"
76561198058916882,Recommended,282070,13089489,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Stone,Amazing game. MORE UPDATES PLEASE
76561197961189326,Recommended,282070,13089581,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,rapier7,"First time I ever wrote a review for a game on Steam, but this game is truly unlike any other I've ever played. Call of Duty glamorizes warfare to great effect. It's the most successful shooter franchise out there. This War of Mine goes in the exact opposite direction. At the individual level, a war has no victors, only survivors."
76561198074834355,Recommended,282070,13089774,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,rambunctious watermelon,"One of the best games ive ever played without a doubt, really makes you think about the reality of these situations.Pro's -1) You need to think and consider each actions, for example if you need to steal to eat then you can deal with your hunger issues but you may cause sadness within your survivors which can be equally bad.2) it is completely different from any other games ive played before, in such a brilliant way3) it is challenging but not impossible, you will have to work hard and you will fail ocasionally but it is at the perfect level to be enjoyed4) it changes constantly, such as the characters that you encounter or begin with, events and the layout of buildingsCons-1) would prefer it to be longer than 30 days to add more to the game, then again i tend to die before then anyway2) would like more events, area's, characters etc to mak the game feel more whole and just simply to be able to do more3) same as 2 really but to add more things to put into the house like more craftable itemsOver all it is an amazing game and id deffinitely recommend it to anyone."
76561198037697833,Recommended,282070,13090014,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,tomfoti2,This game would be a lot better if it were finished.It feels like it was rushed in certain area's and it's a shame because it's a great game.
,Recommended,282070,13090038,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,J Diefenbaker,"Excellent Indie game.. Well worth the $22 cdn..It also confirms that i am a horrible person, willing to rob little old ladies to feed my friends.An awesome side to war we dont see enough..A+ highly recommended."
76561198066870364,Recommended,282070,13091156,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dante_DK,"Nice atmoshpere and a different view on the war genre.You manage a group of civilians in a city during a war between ""rebel"" and ""government"" forces. I played to day 23 so far, before a few mistakes on ressource runs got two from my group killed. Now I want to start over and try not to make same mistakes again. But you soon get the feeling that it's really only a matter of time before all die, from starvation, cold or raids. I don't know how many times I'll want to start over, but I think it's already well worth the 20 euros.The gameplay is quite repetetive and there's not really much depth. On it's own that's not good, but ""This War of Mine"" really manage to add so much atmosphere, both in the unique skechy graphics, sounds and music, but also in the side stories and the whole angle on the war genre. It's so unique and great it's strange noone thought of it sooner.The game definitely deserves the support from gamers. For new thinking, both graphics wise and game wise."
,Recommended,282070,13091273,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Skidder,"Excellent simple to the point survival Game.Gameplay is a great mix of the Sims and... Commando? Unsure, and this is what's great about this game.UI is probably the most frustrating feature of the game, as there is no keyboard shortcuts and sometimes clicking juuuust on the icon next to the one you're aiming for will kill one of your survivor.But the game as a whole is still fun and thought provoking.Go with it, it's a good investment."
76561198080205702,Recommended,282070,13091286,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Jes†eR,VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERYADDICTIVE GAME.... 10/10
76561198019464684,Recommended,282070,13091368,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,mrfester,i do like this game. but some times it bugs out. eg kill every one some where then rade the place of every thing. then the next place where i try to trade they say ''stop thats mine'' like i have stolen off them. or there scaired of me or try to kill me. that needs to be fixed.but yea. its realy good. get ur self an axe asap 30 wood in ur home and 10 fire things. :D
76561198093039285,Recommended,282070,13092223,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,da beast,This game is by far one of the best that i have seen. It tells a story of three raandom survivors trying to etch out a live in a sieged city. When you play this you will feel the anxeity and adrendilne pumpping everything. The actions you do have consqences and those consqensuse could mean the death or the survival of your group. I feel this game desreves recomondation on the highest level.
,Recommended,282070,14165014,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,supernewt51,"Buy this game! It is brillaint, has great replability and will have you rage quitting and then crawling back. I must say few games truly live up to the emotions they are alledged to create, but this does. Yes at times this game can be sad or downright awfully depressing at points, but like in life if you can get through then your stronger and feel a great sense of achievement."
76561197962409706,Recommended,282070,13059398,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Revival,"As the mainstream reviews mention... this unique view of war places you in uncomfortable situations that challenge you emotionally and mentally. A must play in my opinion, one of my favorites. I will caution on play time. Its easy to get sucked in, a full playthrough can take a while if you plan on doing it in one sitting."
76561198054120459,Recommended,282070,14173669,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,nicog1998,-first character was shot-second character killed himslef-third character killed herself11/10
,Recommended,282070,14174477,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ceruse,"Amazing immersion, felt bad about killing other civilian survivors when things were really going south.Couldn't feed the children, they probablement starvedStole from the hospitalOverall, I'm a monster10/10"
,Recommended,282070,14179369,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Lcrusher1116,The best game i have ever played!!!
,Recommended,282070,14177571,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sajmun,This game is awesome !I really get sad when a member of my group dies :(This game reflects the cold war really good and makes you understand the situation of the cold war.It has good graphics (just like a drawing)
76561198165680607,Recommended,282070,13963098,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Decker,"Addicting, sad, and alittle traumatizing but definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,282070,13963413,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Thomas Jefferson's Swivel Chair,Remember that part in Telltale's The Walking Dead where you need to decide who gets to eat and who has to go hungry? This game is like that except all the time.10/10 would starve to death again.
76561198013262724,Recommended,282070,13965190,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,redwag0n,"Fun game, the first couple of plays are hard as hell. After awhile you will get workt it and figure out a system that works for you. Replay does get a little boring becuase of the limited locations. However always a fun time waste."
,Recommended,282070,13966881,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Darr3nRocks,"Survival, booze, cigs, starting from nothing and working your way to relaxing with everything needed, this game is awesome. Would totally love add ons to this game. Maybe extend the time and get more areas to explorer. Now the only thing I have left is to get each picture with Survive on it!"
76561197995328608,Recommended,282070,13967115,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,alderac,"Good if simple mechanics, strong replayability although it has a very high random element.  Great storytelling without shoving it down your throat.Love the art style, and the NPCs are strong dispite the relative lack of backstory and dialogue.  Not exactly a ""fun"" game, but very challenging and thought provoking."
76561198087345955,Recommended,282070,13955256,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,rokung,12/10Many feeling in this gameBest Game Ever !!
76561198006653285,Recommended,282070,13957321,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,LyanStrait,Simple commands and complex choices will let you navigate a part of the emotional spectrum rarely explored by videogames.A masterpiece.
76561198045708255,Recommended,282070,13959228,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,OhDangLetsBang,"Cannot reccommend this game enough! Love it! The struggles to survive in this world while there is a war going on are oh so very real. It provides just enough difficulty to keep you challenged but it is not impossible. Once you beat it, you can start again but with a different group of survivors, providing new challenges. It regenerates new areas, new items, new outcomes. The art style is just amazing too, really creates a good mood for the story. I wouldn't say it is like Sims, but it does contain the aspect of taking care of your survivors, making sure they're healthy and happy. This game could throw anything at you! Love it so much and I hope I see more games like this in the future! <3"
76561198105649531,Recommended,282070,13969234,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,garrett-the-slasher-mc-gurk,Very good game but needs save points/check points.
,Recommended,282070,13970351,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,HellBringer 666 (Team Autism),"PAVEL NOOOOOO!this game is truely heart testing, and very strong in making you want to test how well you think you can do under pressure without stealing. or how this game makes you feel like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥after you rob the old peoples quite house. seeing them run to the celar or the attic to hide from you as the old man says ""please dont hurt us"" or the worst ""take what you want, just dont hurt my wife"". you may think that stealing wont make you feel bad but it is untill you get back to the building and see what your characters say that really add on, such as ""i hope that old couple can survive with what we didnt take"".so finallycons: the game is actually quite hard and you will feel horrible your first few times but i won after 4 trys (although i got a dream team) so this game is ment for those with patients and multitasking abilities. (not really a con but can turn some people away) the heart wrenching that this game can make you go through is hard.pros: this game can help you with multitasking but in a very seriouse way, and if you do mess up hit the home button and start a new game! or from the beggining of the day if it was just somehting you did duing the day or night. how well this game does at switching stuff up such as heat and food and medicine and how it can makes you feel.do i reccomend this game?yes because over all this game is almost master crafted with how it can challenge you without making you want to quit, but try harder till you beat this game."
,Recommended,282070,13971815,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"Excellent game, great story. Great Gameplay, buy it with no reserve"
,Recommended,282070,13973594,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,essteeexe,I really like this.
,Recommended,282070,27617271,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Naim,First game to make me feel bad about commiting a triple murder.
76561198127418789,Recommended,282070,13913433,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,armordonio,For the sale price is this game a must have!
,Recommended,282070,32601132,Posted: 20 June,all,-xdK-,amazing game.
,Recommended,282070,32601170,Posted: 20 June,all,Leonin,Just Wow
,Recommended,282070,32609648,Posted: 20 June,all,Cryptic Bore,"A feel sim/stratergy survival with mod support, Unique and powerful."
,Recommended,282070,32609662,Posted: 20 June,all,CandyKlutz,"Tragic, depressing, grueling... The true effects of war. Heroism doesnt come from politicians or soldiers. It comes from the civilians who fix and truly help others in their times of need. I can't recommend this game enough. Do yourself a favor and take a real look at This War of Mine."
76561198027444387,Recommended,282070,32609806,Posted: 20 June,all,HDCaptainKid,Help the kids with a swingset. Would suggest 10/10.
76561198399453860,Recommended,282070,32609819,Posted: 20 June,all,JawaGuy36,Great game.
,Recommended,282070,32610244,Posted: 20 June,all,jonathonssl,"To put it simply, this game is outstanding in every way. It is one of the few games in my lifetime I have 100%-ed, for the following reasons:Great musicGreat writing/charactersGreat moral/progression choices which are actually very hard to make at timesGreat graphics/art direction (11 Bit did a lot to very creatively cover up their limited budget here)(usually) Great AIThis is a game that has made me feel an entire range of emotions such as joy, sadness, fear, and anger. Emotions that only the most powerful stories can usually elicit, and remind me why video games as a medium are worth defending as art.Once the initial emotional shock of this game wore off and I started to master the mechanics, I was sucked in by the tight day/night gameplay loop. Save for a few ""exploity"" type techniques (hoarding bullets for trading, mastering the combat sections for easy loot) the game remained challenging even after I'd mastered it.Buy this game, play it, and love it. At the very least you're supporting a charity."
76561198320420193,Recommended,282070,32603954,Posted: 20 June,all,Goyafoya,Just an absolute blast to play. I would rate an 8/10 Great game.
76561198283834548,Recommended,282070,32603629,Posted: 20 June,all,TyPiCaLPoSeR,"I loved this game, especially for it's ability to bring you the emotions and dilemnas of surviving war, well as much as a video game can.  A lot of shooters glamourise war and bring you a hollywood version but this game brings you heartbreak and moral consequences for your actions"
76561198064814530,Recommended,282070,32607110,Posted: 20 June,all,EmileTS,very good.
76561198052504756,Recommended,282070,32603518,Posted: 20 June,all,Dimit123456789,"This is one of the most atmospheric games on steam, and the only which actually makes you feel with the characters (and even your enemies)"
76561198307396263,Recommended,282070,32609254,Posted: 20 June,all,Chinezninjablade,Wow! Such a deep and emotionaly charged game. Putting you through situations (or you getting into them yourself) and forcing you to make rash descisions. I would def recomend this and for $4 right now?! DO NOT PASS THIS UP!
76561198058455934,Recommended,282070,32601990,Posted: 20 June,all,Thorberg,"My Rating: 8/10This game is more about emotions and atmosphere, rather than fun. Fortunately i have never seen the war, but after playing this game, I felt like i did.It is the real survival game. It is normal you don't have food for all. You want some? You need to stole it, or die trying to obtain it without stealing. Your comrades are sick, and you go for supplies during the night. But who guards the shelter? Each new day is miracle, and when you think it can not be worse, the winter comes. You listen to radio and hope the war will end soon, so maybe at least your neighbors will survive it.The game could have more interactions with neighbors or more choices. Currently, is just about scavenging and waiting for the death to come. I missing some kind of conversations which would add some different opinions on the war, or some hope meanwhile you slowly dying.Yeah, i recommend it, at least for few hours, to get some different thoughts."
76561198142718845,Recommended,282070,32601949,Posted: 20 June,all,LUK3,"The feels r real.Good game, would recommend."
76561198028026637,Recommended,282070,32601963,Posted: 20 June,all,weaseL,"Interesting, and it triggers feels."
76561198074304878,Recommended,282070,32601588,Posted: 20 June,all,mylenet,"Such an original and tragic game. The ambiance is perfect, the graphics not being black and white, but almost.At some point in the game, you'll have to take tough decisions. It might be refusing to help the kids who knock on your door and ask for help or stealing that ederly couple who has a lot of medication. But be sure: if you chose the wrong path, your characters won't forget. Because that is what I liked too: they have a conscience. They don't mindlessly do all these tasks and that is something I like a lot: the game won't allow you to have no humanity. This ain't Counter Strike.You may be comfortably sitting in a chair while playing this game, but your characters aren't. They're trying to survive a war."
76561198165659167,Recommended,282070,32601488,Posted: 20 June,all,Crooksie,"Good game, fun and can be tedious at times admittedly. Grab this game on sale however, it is NEVER worth £15 because after a certain time there is a limit to what u can actually do. Good game, havent play it much myself but its worth £8 in my opinion."
,Recommended,282070,32598021,Posted: 20 June,all,Juhann,"This game is seriously a masterpieceYou can understand about civilians during wars, can donate for the war childs and etc.Can search for items, make stuffs, choose and make your endings.Buy this game!"
,Recommended,282070,13681233,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Smunchbar,jesus christ
76561198100827059,Recommended,282070,13681262,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,broccoliassassin,"How do I describe This War of Mine...Imagine having the latest COD mixed with DayZ.That doesn't even come close to what this game is.In TWOM, you play as a small band of civilians, typically 3-4, trying to survive in a war torn Pogoren, the city you once called home.  Bandits are around every corner, and the homeless population is now HALF of the population.  Military Snipers shoot civilians like fish in a barrel, and armed thugs will kill you just for looking at them, much less attempting to steal from them.  But there is hope.  You can craft and cook things in your home during the day in preparations for the night, where one of your ragtag group of survivors must go and scavenge for anthing and everything of use. After the trials of the night, you come home, afraid that when you get there everything will have been looted, or that one of the survivors has been wounded in a futile attempt to ward off looters.  Fast forward a week, food and fuel are running low, and winter is fast approaching. Hastily you build a heater to protect you from falling ill during the night when suddenly two children appear at your door asking for medicine for their sick mother. They boldly ask for two bottles! You are torn between helping the helpless and looking out for your own. Even if you were to have two or three bottles by some stroke of luck, who knows how badly you will need them in the days to come? But if you neglect to help them, who is to say that the others will feel the same way? Among starvation, exhaustion, infection, and the plethora of ways to be injured, you have to fight off depression! Slowly you begin to wonder how you will survive when it's only Day 10.All this and more can be seen in this war of ours.Pros:-Great gameplay-Amazing art style-Important decision making-Realistic events/ outcomes-Great sound work-Lots of RNG-Same map every game gives the feel of an actual city-Link to donate to War Child Foundation on home screen is an awesome way to bring light to the organizationCons:-NPCs seem to be the same in every game-Limited item space for scavenging (I know this promotes realism, but it's still frustrating that there's no bag upgrade)-Food is scarce early, making it hard to get a good start, but if you can make it past a week, there seems to be a lot of it,                this seems unrealistic-IMO people get upset really easily, when I feel like some PCs should get accustomed to the realities of war, but I guess that's the point of the game :/TL;DRTHIS GAME IS SO FREAKING GOOD IT'S WORTH EVERY PENNY, IT COULD HAVE EASILY GONE FOR $24.99"
,Recommended,282070,13681496,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,alkemir,"This game is the intellectual heir of Zafehouse. The mechanics are amazing and the freedom you experience is refreshing and though. You WILL fall in love with your characters and then mourn them when you loose them. Be it a sacrifice for the team, an unexpected illness or a scavenging hunt that went awry, you will miss them, and I dont mean their skills. The music and aesthetics of the game really help setting the mood for a cold, though war. Will you survive?"
,Recommended,282070,13681678,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,biron,If you want your emotions to be ripped straight out of you. Play this game. 10/10
76561198071478297,Recommended,282070,13681828,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Cruward,"This is my experience of my first attempted playthrough of This War of Mine with Bruno, Pavle, and Katia *spoilers I think*.Day 1: The whole gang found plentiful supplies in the house. I build a stove, metal toolbench, and 1 bed.Night 1: While looting, I find a picture of a strong man and two little girls (I assume they are his daughters). I continue to wander throughout the house until I found a note. It says that this man's two daughters were murdered by raiders. It also says to not look for him. I ponder about the man's fate...Day 2:  I have my scavenger from the last night sleep all day while my others get to work clearing rubble out and cooking. I build a shovel to clear the rubble. Quite uneventful.Night 2: While scavenging with Pavle, i find that a couple is living in this house. In particular,I found this out when i get slashed in the chest by the husband. I realized the other use of the shovel, murder. I brutally beat the man to death while the woman hides in the attic. I recieved nearly fatal wounds in the skirmish. It gets near daylight, so i rush for the medicine cabinet to steal a bandage before running away.Day 3: Pavle uses the bandage, gets a warm bowl of stew and goes to bed for the whole day. Everyone is either sad or depressed due to last night. Katia seems to be the most effected. I build a radio to hopefully cheer them up.Night 3: Scavenged, good haul, uneventful.Day 4: I find out that Katia assaulted (the near dead, mind you) Pavle in the night. I don't know how to deal with this, so i give everyone a bowl of stew and build a second bed for katie to sleep in. God, we are already breaking.Night 4: All the uninhabited places have been raided so i go to an abandoned school (except for the homeless people). While walking around, I hear footsteps once and a while I assume he or she is hostile and try to avoid him/her.Later, I hear someone pacing inside the next room. I take a peek and see a mumblimg to himself about some betrayal. I feel like I have to try to avoid him to not hurt him. I finish up and leave.Day 5: The first thing i noticed is that I only have enough water for 2 meals. A man knocks on the door to trade. I have Katia answer the door while Bruno makes a meal for himself and Palve. I trade some pills for enough materials to make a water purifier. I wont be able to purify the water on time, but it should help.NIght 5: UneventfulDay 6: The house was raided with no one to protect it. I found Pavle's corpse in his bed. Katia is on the floor with blood pouring out of her wounds. Bruno is shocked. I make one meal with the last of our food for Bruno.Night 6: Bruno is on guard while Katia sleepsDay 7: Bruno sleeps due to not sleeping for 2 days. Katia also sleeps due to her wounds. I have nothing to make food with.Night 7: Bruno goes out to scavenge all of the food and materials he can as a last effort. He overhears a man saying that he must protect his parents. Out of desperation, Bruno bashes the poor man's head in and loot's him. He sees an old woman in the other room and kills her too. He peeks through a hole in the door and sees a seemingly unarmed man. Bruno tries to kills the man silently, but the man hears him. When he turns around Bruno sees something he wishes he'd never see in this situation, a shotgun. Bruno rushes the man, but gets knocked down before he can strike. Bruno sees the barrel in the front of his face and... *BAM*Day 8 (written in Katia's POV): ""Oh, Bruno didn't return *cough's up blood*"" ""I..I..I'm tired, I need to sleep on my decision""Night 8: SleepDay 9: Katia is solid in her decision. She clutches her journal in her final moments. She feels the rope tighten around her neck and... she falls.This War of Mine isn't a fun (in my opinion) or happy game. It's a game that will immerse you, intrigue you, make you cry, and make you think."
76561198004580384,Recommended,282070,13682242,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jessica Rabbit,"Yes yes yes, everything I never knew I wanted in a war game."
,Recommended,282070,13683857,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,That Smug Ass Nigga,"Not once has a game made me contemplate taking a life due to the mental repercussions it would have on a character.This is gritty, intense, depressing, and surprisingly accurate. War never changes."
76561198008218104,Recommended,282070,13683974,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Viva,"9/10It only gets a nine due to a crash that required a restart. I alt+tabbed to check my e-mail and the game would not go back.So that was the bad... now for the good. I could right a supper long review or you could just buy it. It is honest, brutal gives a fresh prespective on war. Buy it or read the other wierd reviews that give a play-by-play on how they had a hard time keeping their crew alive or had to kill the innocent."
,Recommended,282070,13698964,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Happy Buddhist,"This game is awesome. I was originally turned off by the side-view mechanic, but it really matches the game's style.  Overall, the music, gameplay and amazing art has me loving ""This War of Mine""."
,Recommended,282070,13699167,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,「GS」,Love it.
76561198069790559,Recommended,282070,13700697,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,4165darcy,"One of my characters was shot, kinda without warning.  Shouted IRL ""NOOOOOOO"" with such genuine heartbreak that next door came to see if I was ok.  I wasn't.  10/10 can't ever feel again."
76561198028265661,Recommended,282070,13700729,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Moonweb,"If you don't have a heart of stone and aren't one of the people who just likes to shoot at things then you will probably enjoy this game; though it will get at you and I suppose that's why so many like it. The first time one of my people got killed I was heartbroken, and so guilty as well because he was seriously injured already but I took him out scavenging anyway - in the wrong place. I'm not sure what those people making negative reviews are going on about, there is enough time to get everything done if you get a move on, there are ways to keep people fed, energized, healthy and warm if you play the game properly, and you will do a lot of planning and your fair share of fretting when you are out on a scavenging run. You don't even have to kill regular people either if you are careful, though occasionally you will simply have to kill armed guards or they will kill you.Perhaps the game will eventually get repetetive, but there are a series of scenarios to choose from. For the price you could do a lot worse, and this game does deserve merit for being original and calling to something deep in your humanity (if you have any).For people who just want another nameless, faceless kill-em-up, I can't see this game being for you."
,Recommended,282070,13700738,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dark,"Only had it for an evening yet know from the off this is one of those PC games a console owner could never understand. Atmospheric, tense and a nice challenge, the game ticks a lot of boxes.The game sets you are 3 civilian survivors during a modern day conflict. By day you must enforce your house, make useful items and look after your people. By night you scavenge what you can find however the twist is, as food becomes scarce, you face the moral choice of robbing and in many cases, killing for survival. This will psychologically affect them and looking after their mental state takes importance.Im sure after a few days you work out the forumlar and the forum is full of people saying how they completed it on their first game, blindfolded while being eaton by a shark but take it slow and enjoy the ride of this very different and refreshing take on wartime games."
76561198011482667,Recommended,282070,13700904,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Curtis11111,This is my game of the year due vote. To bad not alot of people know about this game.
76561197986953824,Recommended,282070,13677149,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,goldallee,"This game is one of the most interesting games this year!I love new ideas - and thats what we have here. Everybody knows the standart war games:you are a soldier and you finish one ""kill s.b."" or ""sneak to this place""-mission after another.This game shows us the view of the civilians in a war. In this case during the time of the yugoslavian war.The depressing atmosphere attaints you fast. Many intense moments in which the gamer has to decide about his own future crush with our understanding of humanity. Imagine two childred begging for food in a situation you just have enough food for your own survival. I often stopped playing with a bad feeling. But thats a great benefit of this game. It shows us the naked truth about war and it's effects on civilians.I played up to day 19. And returned again and again to reach day 20 or more. Just play it! I love it!"
76561197970390340,Recommended,282070,13701619,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Quetschwunde,There´s not much to say other than this game is brilliant! No other game ever made me feel war as it is like TWOM.Sure here and there you have to try to find out what´ll happen but that´s ok and also feed´s the ilusion of beeing a civilian in a war.I don´t think I will replay it soon but nonetheless. Love´d it!!!
76561198007789636,Recommended,282070,13702362,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nubs,Fing great game! Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah! But yeah great game!
76561198015078185,Recommended,282070,13703087,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Beaty,10/10- will try to die againIGN
,Recommended,282070,13703708,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Scelest,"Great game. Give it 8/10. Pretty realistic story, you can do realisitic things, some characters have pretty useless talents (eg excellent mathmatician), but there's a few bugs. So, pros and cons:Pros:- Characters you can develope an attachment to and care about when they die. Inversely, there are some characters I could give two less craps about.- Sneaking is fun, Roman has some good takedown moves.- Environment is a factor. If it's too cold, your characters can get sick and you need meds.- Forces hard decisions. You can't just pickup everything. You have to manage your backpack for resource gathering and take what you need most desperately.Cons:- A little glitchy. I glitched through a barred door and didn't have a saw to get out, so I had to wait out the night.- A few times now I have killed a guy from a hiding spot and tried to reenter said hiding spot, only to have no reaction from my character, ending up losing time to run and hide and getting my character killed.- One of my characters died without the game telling me. That day, my living characters kept commenting, ""Roman looks bad. He needs to get those wounds bandaged."" Roman was nowhere to be seen and when I beat the game, apparently he died on day 32.- Pretty high cost on resources to upgrade your metal shop, workshop, oven, furnace, etc.This game is totally worth the money. I've played 8 hours in two days and still am driven to play more."
76561198030967971,Recommended,282070,13703741,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Miyazawa Yukine,"Super addictive, Buy this enjoy killing people"
,Recommended,282070,13704675,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vaskolnikov,"Wow, amazing. Most emotional game I have played in a long time. Couldn't be more relevant with the events unfolding in Ukraine and Palestine. Every time I hit leave I think about the people who can't leave the real war zone."
,Recommended,282070,13704971,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mongoose,S'good
,Recommended,282070,13705472,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BULLonPARADE,"If you have ever played the flash game ""Last Stand"" and ""Last Stand 2"" this is basically a better game than that minus the zombies.  Survive the day by organizing supplies and at night you send out a survivor to scavenge for supplies. I love the difficulty of this game. You can't revert back to your auto-save if your favorite character dies.  You're screwed and potentionally just lost hours of work.  I'm writing this after just losing my favorite character, and another character 15 minutes before that.  I've spent about 3-4 hours on this story so I probably need to restart as I have only two people left and one of them is wounded and sick.  I personally enjoy that in a game.  If you want a challenging game that absords you, this is it.Pros:ChallengingCharacters you care aboutSucked into the atmosphere, you stress when you can't find supplies on your nightly raids.Cons:I personally feel full price is too much for this game.  I got it at 25% off and that's about right.  There really isn't much to it.  I'm sure I'll put tens of hours into it, so I got my moneys worth, but I can understand this complaint if someone had it."
,Recommended,282070,13705945,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,McZukas,"There are glitches that get me killed at times. Which♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. But all in all, I recommend the game!"
76561197997719501,Recommended,282070,13705949,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Pheylorn,"This game is frickin' incredible. It's The Sims set in a warzone. Desperate, heart-wrenching, tragic, and atmospheric. I cannot recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,282070,13704844,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Missile Mitch,Its proper bo i tell thee
76561198042677495,Recommended,282070,13704945,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hatim,This game is an experience. I never thought a game would emotionally affect me until I killed the garage owner's son and heard his sobs whilst I looted his home. Never did I expect to be devastated when I saw the old man lying still in his bed when I returned to do more scavenging. This game did this to me. Do yourself a favor and buy this game.9.5/10
76561198045850029,Recommended,282070,13485123,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Johnny 5,"I started off with Pavle, Bruno and Katia. During the first few days the lack of food and Katia's sickness from a was bringing the group down, Pavle, the scavenger had to find food and medicine fast. He had no choice but to rob a poor old man and his sick wife, taking what little food and meds they had, leaving them scraps thanks to Pavle's kind heart. But it wasn't enough, Pavle became sad, with each hour he paced the four walls of our shelter until nightfall when without sleep or having eaten he went back to make amends only to find the corpses of the people he robbed. The old lady, dead without her meds, and her husband who decided to go with her. Pavle fell into a depression, with Katia's wounds getting worse and not healing Bruno did his best trying to make the tastiest meals out of the scraps they had. One day along came Roman, a trained solider running from the war, the group welcomed him and skills that helped fend of raiders. Day by day however the hunger grew, Katia's wounds deepened and a sickness began to spread. Desperatly needing food and meds for his friends Pavle did the unthinkable, he killed two people in a shovel fisted rampage only to find they were living on less than his own group was. Upoon returning Pavle, was done, he was broken. Katia's wounds became infected and she was quickly reduced to sleeping for 23 hours a day, Bruno's condition was getting worse also but he powered on cooking fantastic meals everyday with what little they had. The rats stopped biting, Pavle stopped being Pavle and one night he slipped away into the darkness leaving Roman, Katia and Bruno to fend for themselves. That same night Katia finally gave into her wounds and infection, bleeding out in her bed and dying in the early hours of the morning. The next day was silent as Roman and a deathly ill Bruno dug her grave in the back garden. That night another raid came, Roman fought them off but they left Bruno in a bad way and within a few hours he also had bled out. Leaving Roman, the last one to join the group and the last one alive. But all was lost, his friends and family were dead, his rag tag group who took him in after he ran were gone. After listening to the final weather broadcast of the day Roman took his own life with the knife he'd used to defend their shelter against attackers. Nobody made it out.10/10 - Needs a cannibalism option."
76561197968625140,Recommended,282070,13486142,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,rama,"This War of Mine kept me hooked the entire time that I played it. While the game encourages multiple playthroughs, each playthrough carries its own weight, choices and consequences.The only real drawback I feel with the game is, ironically, the exact reason why anyone would play This War of Mine: You are constantly at a shortage of the most essential items for survival - You'll never be warm enough, never have enough food, and never be safe enough to rest on your laurels. This War of Mine is a game that demands you constantly, actively manage your resources and absolutely nails the conflict of choice in a desperate situation that boils down to ""Should I save these items to survive another day, or should I use them now lest I be dead tomorrow?"""
76561197995403834,Recommended,282070,13487566,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mcweezle,"There are far too many games where your choices really have an effect on the gameplay. Sure there's games like the Fallout series, where you lose Karma, but let's face it, you can deal with the challenges associated with playing like a psycopath. This War of Mine is not that type of game. If you go around cosistantly acting like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you're going to have a bad time. Your actions have reprecussions on he mental state of the group. If you keep doing it, the level of depression of certain members of your group could be so bad that they become unable to complete even basic tasks related to self preservation, or worse, they'll leave the group or commit suicide!This War of Mine is a gritty, in your face game about the struggles of the masses in a war torn area. Where can I get food? Should I kill just to provide food for my people? Can I just steal to provide for my group? How will stealing/ killing defensless people affect the mental state of my group? Should I steal medication from the hospital I just donated medication to?It's a well executed game that I really enjoyed. I do have a lot more play time than what steam says I do though as I play offline anytime I can while I'm at work on the ship. My reccomendation is that if you're looking for something that's not your common war simulator, but is a peek into the other side of the coin, then give this a try. I enjoyed it and I think you will too."
,Recommended,282070,13487944,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TheMartianLynx,"""This War of Mine""....Where to begin?This game is the most emotionally taxing game out there, this is not for the faint of heart. It really does get to you. Thinking about stealing to suppliment your supplies, you sneak in to an elderly couples house but end up not taking anything; you ended up unable to click the button in the end because you feel bad.When (or if) you finish the game you are hit with a variety of emotions: Joy of beating it, sadness for your mistakes, suprise at actually doing it.It may not be for you, but for people looking for an immersive game, this is for you!"
,Recommended,282070,13505704,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Roellie Safari,"this game is awesome, i can't really say more about it.though i do want to add some things to what others have said1) this game isn't as emotional as people say it, or atleast it isn't for me, i have no problem robbing the hospital and killing innocents to survive. sure my party gets super depressed, but who can't handle it can just walk away. now it sounds like i am a psycho but its a game you didn't really murder a elder couple and then stole their stuff2) i get the feeling that the game is holding your hand. i had mulltiple times where i had no food and my people were about to starve, but just then i find 6 canned food while scavenging. aslong as you don't do anything stupid, trying to take over the military base or stop the warehouse gang you should be just all right"
,Recommended,282070,13507051,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TYPatron,"Good Game. Wish it was on sale more, would have definately felt better about the purchase if it was 10 dollars but I imagine I will get my money's worth out of it soon. (Currently at 10 hours game time).Some important information that noone tells you. KNIVES are huge. You can backstab people for an instant/almost instant kill. Two of my guys were shot down because they couldn't handle a firefight. If only I had known about backstabbing sooner... 8/10"
76561198009202030,Recommended,282070,13509927,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,steelpanther24,"BLUF (Bottom line up Front): This game is one of the better resource gathering games with few bugs so far.  I do not know how the game will end, but I would recommend this to strategic gamers and non violent survivalists.This is a great variation on the resource gathering genre of games.  This game will delight and frustrate perfect gatherers at the same time (those gamers who, no matter how something of little value, they pick it up and put it in one of their many caches).  While I would like the game to feature other scavengers who may take the stuff that you leave behind, if you try to gather all the resources from one place night after night, you will find yourself starving or trapped in a vicious circle of living day to day.I do not have enough time in the game to evaluate the end of game scenarios (if there is one) as i was hoping to hear news on international relief on day 14.   For the ""good"" players, this game does force you to question the value of your ethics versus survival.  My team was starving, so one of my stronger players simply walked into someone’s home and took their food, leaving them to starve.If you are looking for a resource gathering type game with a twist, this is your game.  If you want a linear story line game with obvious choices given to you, this is not your game."
,Recommended,282070,13510335,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kre,"This game is up there on my list of best survival games I've ever played.  My first try was short, got to 14 days, I cried when I couldn't help two children provide meds for their dying mother. I thought I would find some to give but when they came back and I had none.....oh jeez. I eventually sent Marko into the Hotel and he was quickly killed by those living there.On my second try I went for it and made it to 44 days.  It was a hard and emotional 44 days of my life....which in reality only about 8-9 hours.  After that much time with my survivors I grew attached to them.  Learned to know their needs and sometimes filled their wants (Bruno, shut up, its either food or cigarrettes not both!).I tried to keep to my morals and not kill or rob but sometimes its picking who to kill , who to rob and who to leave alone.  I wish this game would determine how much was robbed and account for that on how it affects my group (robbed the old couple but only took a little food and meds, what we needed).   For a while before day 20 things were going really well, I was ugrading my main workbenches, built a herb garden and workbench.  I had even aquired a shotgun with a bunch of ammunition.I decided to do something good and I sent Marko to kill all those bad people in the Hotel...he was spotted and shot several times.  I nearly lost him for a while and he was bedridden for days.  During that time, my order of 2 guard, 1 sleep and 1 salvage was disrupted and lost several days of work.  Soon sleep and lack of fuel start to take its toll as it got colder and colder.  Evenutally I made some good trades and had to do some things to keep my group alive, robbed a hospital and an old couple.Sickness started to really set in though, nearly lost Bruno and Pavle during that winter also. Arica whom I let join around day 8-10 was pretty much solely in charge of all shelter activities and guard. Soon it seemed like all hope was lost, I sent Marko out to sell the gun and bought a couple cans of food and meds, things were looking better. When he got back though, Arica had robbed us and left in the night.  Took all our food, tools and other supplies. We were also raided and Pavle and Bruno were injured.The remaining several days was barely surviving, overcoming crippling depression, and staving off illnesses and wounds.  Eventually Bruno dies and that same night Marko leaves. Pavle dies the next night, I had failed them......I failed my group and they died.So, do not trust Arica, she is a backstabbing ♥♥♥♥♥ and my doubts about her were correct.  Unfortunately she was the only one who survived.  So moral of the story is, during times of war, good morals = death."
76561198140136431,Recommended,282070,13474313,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ZilverFiSWE,"I have played a couple of hours. Thinking war is to have food and water. And the start was great and I knew they wanted to eat the food so I gave it to them. And to make a bed was easy. And look for more resources. But then it got hard..foods gone, shelter was robbed, I managed to kill one of my people on a scavenger hunt. He had medics with him. Now missing medics. It's getting harder and harder.The game is as the reviews saying: a good war scenario, where you think you know what to do at first. But you don't have a clue. I like this game and the atmosphere. The only thing I could think of was that it would be awesome to have multiplayer."
76561198012383072,Recommended,282070,13475041,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SinkSankSunk,"I currently have no internet that is able to play online games, thankful I had already down loaded this gem. Completed it five times now. Even managed to do it just with Marko on his lonesome."
76561198064512530,Recommended,282070,13479310,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,flimityflamity,"This War of Mine pushes what games can be, not through better graphics or new mechanics but with the story it is telling and the way in which your choices matter"
76561198004444267,Recommended,282070,13479525,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Arkhamina,"This is such an awesome game. Tough choices, beautiful graphics, and extremely immersive. I found the UI pretty quick to learn, and seriously, you should get this game."
76561198071760904,Recommended,282070,13481574,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Doorhinge Rhymes with Orange,Only thing i have to say about this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uneSOPqqAFwyeah that's about it
76561198168388357,Recommended,282070,13452175,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,LadyScorpioSavage,Really good game
,Recommended,282070,13453160,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Denzeli,Definitely one of the best single player games I've ever played.Hope it would be a bit longer per playthrough and/or have a bit more variety. But still an epic game!
76561198014666059,Recommended,282070,13453371,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Nutcracker,"I have to say this is one of the best games I've played in a while. The idea for the game is excellent and original. For once you see and experience the horrors of war from civilian perspective - and I have to say the harsh reality of war sinks in pretty quickly. The gameplay is interesting, I love it how the game forces some moral decisions on you - shall I steal and risk starvation or freezing, or shall I steal from my neighbors... is it acceptable to kill a random civilian to get those supplies I want? What about a thug, surely he deserves it? Some player characters just can't stand the idea of killing anyone, be it a gun toting thug or a friendly neighbor, while others may just brutally accept is as a necessity. The helpless feeling of being there in the middle of a warzone really kicks in and makes you realize how hard it can be when you're surrounded and you have no food, no supplies, nothing, and somehow you just have to survive and also think about the consequences of your decisions. Then if you manage to survive all this, how will you be able to live with all the things you've done? I love the atmosphere in the game, and the fact that you can't save at will makes you think hard about your decisions, there's no second shot. Perhaps unforgiving, but that's the harsh reality of life.During my first playthrough I experienced no major bugs - one minor plus one cosmetic, hardly anything to write about. The graphics and the animations are pretty and the sound world is great. All in all, everything is as it should be. On top of this, I just read that the developers have release a major content patch adding a new shelter to live in + other things. They also seem to be active on the game forums and addressing bug reports. So what's left to say? BUY THIS GAME! It's truly worth it!"
76561198059370022,Recommended,282070,13455268,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,mosh_pit_shawn,In war you will die like a dog for no good reason- Ernest Hemingway
,Recommended,282070,13455321,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Knarf,"Great game, probably worth it even if you only play once just to see something that isn't so typical."
,Recommended,282070,33280536,Posted: 5 July,all,Jennie,Good game
76561198171819745,Recommended,282070,33317611,Posted: 6 July,all,Marvick Persia,nice
76561198063166467,Recommended,282070,33343898,Posted: 7 July,all,KernalMustard42,Awesome
76561198107919766,Recommended,282070,33344530,Posted: 7 July,all,MCMXCVII,"Hot Damn!! I only played for 3 hours and already feels how bad the war is.....this game showed you how to deal with people when a war happens, showed you why war is the most sh!t thing ever, give you sympathy over the poor people who's in the middle of a war right now, reflecting how we will act if some bad sh!t happen to us or our family if we caught up in the middle of a war. 11/10 will support this game to shaken up heartless b@st@rd who thinks war is an enjoyment and entertainment"
,Recommended,282070,33344716,Posted: 7 July,all,Gevaudan,It feld like the story`s my Grandmother told me about the War. Very emotional game.
,Recommended,282070,33352370,Posted: 7 July,all,Sensual Lettuce,"Years after having purchased this game I finally put the time in to complete it, and I'm glad I did. It is a gut wrenching, emotionally striking experience. It is a strategy game about making the best of a horrible situation (similar to Darkest Dungeon, I thought). This game is not only enjoyable to play, but it has a lot to say. It will tear at your heart strings and challenge you, especially as you progress into winter and are struggling to hold together the physical and mental well-being of your survivors. A unique game."
76561198204255263,Recommended,282070,33281091,Posted: 5 July,all,Angelcakes,"I love this game! And, I love that my moneys going to help children from war torn countries. (That helps to counteract the  guilt you will feel from the harder choices you have to make in the game)"
76561198317498657,Recommended,282070,33285898,Posted: 5 July,all,1ip,10/10 very emotional game
76561198302777065,Recommended,282070,33284935,Posted: 5 July,all,lutfi Sufliansyah,best fallout simulator game just yet.
,Recommended,282070,33285344,Posted: 5 July,all,EpicShyGuy317,"You start off in a torn up shelter with 1-4 survivors depending on which scenario. The days aren't long so you quickly have to assign each survivor a task (digging through rubble, crafting, cooking food). Once day time runs out you get to pick who sleeps, who guards,  and who goes to scavenge. This is where it gets hard and TWOM really comes into it's own. The scavenging is really difficult and tricky. You only have a few slots and most items only stack to a small amount. Enemies are tough to battle because its less player-skill and more about the survivor being prepared or lucky enough.  You basically click on them and hope for the best. In the end, you'll hardly prosper but surviving with anyone left is a great success."
76561198118887675,Recommended,282070,33277371,Posted: 5 July,all,Syoux,"As the trailer says, you can actually get a good feel of how war feels like, from the perspective of a third party's point of view. The game may be a bit odd sometimes, but overall is gives the player a good experiece. Great replay value!"
76561198035694686,Recommended,282070,33305859,Posted: 6 July,all,Neuron,.
76561198140435102,Recommended,282070,33288602,Posted: 5 July,all,savvym,"Atmospheric survival in few numbers. You can play for 2, 3, 4 survivors at once. It reminds me of difficulty of Banished. You must manage what all your characters do.Where and what you scavenge, who you send and who will guard at home, sleep, take medicine, drink, eat, or risk life to get some basic resources for others. You can also brew, build and get your own resources at home but if left unguarded, it easily gets overrun by bandits and your survivors will get wounded and eventually die.You can trade with friendly or neutral traders or instead come to their home and murder or steal from them. While some neighbours will not kill you on their property, they may hurt you and you may bleed out at home if you do not find any bandage soon after.I tried so far various combinations and it seemed to me more survivors you manage, sooner you lose because you have more people to feed.Game is very dark and it promises what it showcases in trailer, the war that has come to your town and it becomes dangerous longer you stay there.To my surprise, you can not change the home place, you instead get different one as you choose another main survivor, but you build a ""fortress"" of it while you can not take more survivors to your cause.At least I did not get any chance so far. Game ends when all your survivors die, I sadly did not achieve victory so far. Characters can die by hunger, sickness, wound or lack of sleep or simply walk away if they get depressed."
,Recommended,282070,33288352,Posted: 5 July,all,milo,Really well thought and well made game.
76561198127786806,Recommended,282070,33300440,Posted: 5 July,all,Juanito's Patience,"This is really an awesome, oh the experience! very emotional indeed. All the pieces of the game sum up to show you a face of war that's most of the times untouched in this media. 9/10 excellent game"
,Recommended,282070,33295135,Posted: 5 July,all,Classic,♥♥♥♥ the war bro!this game show us how people survive with afterwar condition. its so real
,Recommended,282070,33293670,Posted: 5 July,all,Miss Milli,"Fun game... Until you pass day 10. Once I passed that stage, my trades stopped going through. I would trade items, but when morning came all the sugar I had traded my ammo for would be gone. I don't know why this is :/"
,Recommended,282070,33410850,Posted: 9 July,all,BadCompany,Great Game
76561198230708828,Recommended,282070,33246325,Posted: 4 July,all,EarlOfLemongrab,"Quickly became my most favorite game ever.. Then it strarted crashing to desktop on loading. Been trying to fix 2 days now. No found ""fixes"" actually work. Bummer(Edit) Finally fixed it. Completely worth the trouble. Great Game."
,Recommended,282070,33434948,Posted: 10 July,all,archampion,"Hey developers, I found so much bugs on this game. Can you guys do something about it?"
,Recommended,282070,13105601,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,toon28688,Great game
76561198073325509,Recommended,282070,13157093,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,HumdrumKnickers,"It's got the art style of Deadlight, the sensibility of Don't Starve, music reminiscent of The Walking Dead (Telltale's), and its own gritty psuedo-realism.  It all blends into a really well done and unique game.  I like the parts where you rob old people."
76561197995456950,Recommended,282070,13157501,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dodoro,"TDLR: Sims survival (no swimming pools, however). Watch a YouTube video and wait for a sale if you like the genre. Lacks replay value.A survival/crafting game with a much heavier emphasis on survival compared to a lot of the other games in the genre. Running out of supplies, being in the wrong place at the wrong time, and just plain bad luck create different situations for your group to deal with.However, due to the lack of randomness of the zones and general pacing, the player can quickly figure out the general strategy needed to survive, regardless of the team dealt. Once that is set, the game drags out, with your team having very little to do before the end. Whether this is intentional to simulate the long, monotonous days of passing time waiting for help, or just poor game pacing makes no difference as in the end, you'll be waiting around for rats to walk into traps and watching veggies grow."
76561198027154457,Recommended,282070,13158957,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Shmoff,F**king awesome.
76561198116777593,Recommended,282070,13159066,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hydrasov,Excellent production. I did not expect such a good purchase and a beta. RECOMENDED!
76561197986252889,Recommended,282070,13159788,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kool0,"You won't play CoD, BF, or any war-golrifying game for kids the way you did before.Terrible feeling when looking at what modern war really looks like.One of the best games I've played in my life"
76561198037275885,Recommended,282070,13160137,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kilsin,"Very interesting game, I like the fact that it has gone down the civilian path and it shows a glimps into the morbid life of normal people during war time.Really well done, great feel and depth to the game."
76561198039658166,Recommended,282070,13162645,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jacknkh,Resource management with moral dilemma everywhere. Most recommended.
76561198007034341,Recommended,282070,13345075,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,nickevans1709,This is a really atmospheric game that it's very easy to be sucked into.  You quickly find yourself really starting to care about the characters and this makes the choices seem that much more important.
76561198002544781,Recommended,282070,13345288,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,T3ns0r,"This War of Mine is a special kind of Game, it explains very little but in my opinion is very intuitiv. You get to know what your guys need very quickly and there are multiple ways to get Food/Water/Materials. This Game really let´s you explore what kind of Human you are, will you help some poor Kids who´s Mother is ill? Or will you keep the Medication they need for your group because someone could get ill? Will you rob that old couple who managed to stay save in their house until you came along? In my first play through i managed to keep everything fine until day 15 when my only option was to go in to a church with Bad guys who shoot on sight or ransack a House with friendly but scared Sruvivors.It didn´t turn out well for me.All in all this game really immersed me with its desperate, dark tone.I really started to get attached to my group as you see them progress and get to know how they feel about your decisions and the circumstances that arise."
76561198058715980,Recommended,282070,13346569,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,el_diabloi,Its a great concept but can get old real fast. I'd still recommend it as I really liked the artistic part of the game. It really can get frustrating at times.  It's a game that is more like the sims with a little touch of combat added to it in a 2d environment. I started over 20 different games and the outcome were all different because the maps and characters are randomly generated at the start of each game. So your experience will be slightly different from everybody else.
76561197970997118,Recommended,282070,13347683,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Trima,"I'm normally too lazy to post reviews but this game is so good and so engrossing that I have to give it a thumbs up to anyone not sure about purchasing. It's different from any game I've played in the moral dilemmas one is faced with not to mention the daily tradeoffs you have to make to keep your people alive. Even better, there's no save function so you have to live (and die) with your decisions. That's especially hard because you become emotionally attached to the characters and it really sucks when they die because of poor planning or from being too aggressive.It's a hard game- i havent beat it yet after 3 tries but I'm starting to get the hang of it after poking around on wiki's for crafting tips. I really hope the devs add some DLC or create another game using this engine. Maybe in a zombie survival or straight-up post armageddon situation like the Wool series."
76561198028899821,Recommended,282070,13347823,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Killerbrotherz,"The game puts you in the role of a group of civilians in a non-specific country that has been engulfed in the realities of war.Good sides;The fact that you are constantly pressured for supplies in terms of food, materials and meds really makes you see how hard it can get for people who don't have easy access to said supplies.The fact that your group of people are nothing but civilians, some with qualities, all with personnel flaws permits a certain sense of realism and gets you invested early in their daily lives. Very few are seasonned fighters and all are scraping to get by.The decisions you are forced to make in order to survive are sometimes heartbreaking and heavy with consequences. Make the wrong ones and it might just provoke the bell to toll for your group. You can't simply decide on a hunch to kill every other living npc for sake of bloodshed because it'll ruin your group morale.Awesome atmosphere and mood, very intenseBad-side;Don't play when sad or depressed. The atmosphere is always gloomy and sustained that way.the game is constantly really hard. The first small bad decision can lead into a downward spiral that show no sign of ever being able to recover from."
76561198156019549,Recommended,282070,13348016,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mexicano,"This game is utterly bewildering, not really sure how else to put it to be honest. Brings a whole new genre to the idea of survival, almost a spin on sims. I very much enjoy 'god' games, as in controlling other peoples lives & making decisions that effect your storyline individually, rather than being set a line you must follow - so this game was perfect for me. Very depressing, quite dark & the music is just chilling right to the bone.First game i played of it, i became emotionally attached (partially) to the characters in my storymode, & once they'd died, i almost uninstalled. Grasped me from the get go, & i am sure when DLC's are released the game will thrive.The concept of the game is survival during the war, hence the name ""this war of mine"". You're in control of 3/4 people from the beginning in a rather large ruined house. Your job is to make sure they survive - heating the place, feeding them, making sure they rest, making sure they're happy, defended, getting in supplies to generally do up the place. During the night phase, you're given the option to go & scavenge other areas on the maps for supplies that can be of use, but this can cause a whole lot of sh*t for you, such as death. Not just death to your character, but killing others can also have a major effect on your characters mentality etc.I hope the developers decide to expand the map a bit further, give the option to possibly have more than one person scavenging at night, maybe being able to move location, possibly an online feature? But also - i think the idea of having the option to add post-it notes to the map would be great. I mean, you may raid a place & find that you've not got the right tools or enough back pack space to be able to do what you wish, so being able to just put ""remember to take saw next time"" on the map would be much easier, as my mind is like a siv.Great game, 9/10, but could use with a few expansions - but the game is newly released so i am very excited :)"
,Recommended,282070,13348745,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,{EG} SolarXD,I found this to be a great but short game.
76561198021904540,Recommended,282070,13351080,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Natter07,"This game is incredible. Bought it after reading some of the other story like reviews.I am taking my first break from playing it after.... well i dont even know, like 6-7 hours! Its so gripping it just wont let you stop.Still on my first run through so far.3 people, 2 male and 1 female... had a fourth woman come along at some point but she left during the night.Pavle and the woman have had to kill early on. Innocent people spotted them and the spade was to hand....Such a good game!"
76561198128240215,Recommended,282070,13352144,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,madeleine mccann,"amazing game, it is kinda hard but it's really fun. 100% recomended"
76561198128240215,Recommended,282070,13352147,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,madeleine mccann,"amazing game, it is kinda hard but it's really fun. 100% recomended"
,Recommended,282070,13561190,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,rawhidekid,This is a good game. It's just not fun. War of Mine will beat you down. Its a survival game were you get to make hard choices. War is hell.
,Recommended,282070,13577560,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DarthShitious,"This game is an absolute gem.Amongst the endless sea of 2d platformers this one takes an existing genre and gives it a much needed morale injection. ""People are people"", this is the basic message with what this game is saying.  Good and bad is just a point of view... isnt it? This is where ""This War of Mine"" shines. For every action there is a opposite reaction.While I was out scavenging I ran into a NPC that needed meds, I could've held him up and taken them for all they got but rather I chose to help them. This is where the morale quandry is up to the player. Who are you really at your core?The gameplay mechanic is simplistic yet can get complicated enough when time management is an issue. The night cycle is where this game excels and I've found myself sweaty palmed in more than one occasion hoping to either not caught, shot or killed while trying to make a hastey escape.Truly a beautifully crafted game that shows that sometimes, simple is more... WAY more.Things to work on:- wish there was a fast forward button and not just a ""end day"" button because sitting there watching your playerssleep isn't exactly something players will want to do.- Multiple profiles or different save option? The one and done scenario is a bit of a turn off I admit.- Allow players to create more back spack space, it's literally a waste.- Add a trade bar so players aren't just guessing what needs to be traded, having to pin point what the trader really wants to complete the order is a bit of a drag"
,Recommended,282070,13578848,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,adamrocz,"Absolutely fantastic, it has the same survival feel of don't starve but in a much more realistic, much darker way. I haven't beaten it yet but I am definitely going to be putting a lot of time into this one."
76561198006851704,Recommended,282070,13579083,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Shrubb,very interesting but gives you such a sense of dispare stoped playing
,Recommended,282070,13580296,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Biggs,Highly recommended.  Great gameplay with randomly generated events means no two games are the same.
76561198151682541,Recommended,282070,13550655,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,a2ferrariboy,"this war of mine is  GREAT game. of any game i have ever played this may be the best. it shows the true reality of war in a way that will get you to not stop playing. just like the last of us the game shows us the true reality of the events through collotables and random letters scattered around. my only request is to add more areas or houses to start in. also to add more events. one other thing is to add a charecter who can steal with out getting depressed or a charecter who can kill without gettting depressed, maybe you could make thier back story about being a crimanal or a gang leader to explain. either way i still love this game and definaly recommend. also please add an endless mode, more locations or different citys to start in with new locations, maybe charecters, and events."
76561198054476291,Recommended,282070,13582460,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mr Skeltal,"You don't win, you just survive."
76561198032115922,Recommended,282070,13582629,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ifreeburn,A very good game. Hope they expand on the content.
,Recommended,282070,13582688,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,AGAM,My 2nd GOTY. Simple and complex. 11 Bit studios you are rock !
76561198016506227,Recommended,282070,13583043,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Moot the Mute,"This game is so goddamn good. Like, so good that I managed to write my term paper on it for Enlightenment and Romanticism Humanities Honors. I got a 96.This game is so gorgeous and will make you feel like a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for everything."
76561198057811571,Recommended,282070,13112325,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,theRealIndiana,"I've put about 18 hours into the game and have absolutely loved it.  Visually, the game is stunning, and the gameplay runs smoothly with few glitches.  WATCH OUT - a few spoilers below, but it's meant to give you a sense of the game/gameplay mechanics:  The only glitches I have experienced are as follows: 1) the distillery just stopped working, that is, I couldn't click it, so I had to build another (a waste of those precious resources); 2) even with an axe I could not break down any furniture (annoying when wood and kindling for fires are a necessity).  Success in this game seems to be primarily based upon how lucky you are at the beginning in regards to which 3 (or 4) characters you start with, and how successful one is at creating a surplus of resources during the first 10 turns or so.  I believe I have encountered 6 unique playable characters, although their could possibly be more.  It would be nice if you could pick your three characters from the start, rather than them being pre-selected randomly for you, however, I know which three I would pick, and I think it would make the game too easy.  After 3 or 4 restarts I completed the game in 42 days (roughly 7-8 hours of gameplay would be my estimate - I assume this is the norm, but I haven't played all the way through a second time so I'm uncertain).  Major obstacles within the game happen at fairly consistent time-frames, around 10 days you're more likely to be robbed nightly for several nights in a row (a check on the security measures you've taken to that point), and around 20 days you will have to struggle with extremely cold temperatures (a check on key resource surplus - water, wood, fuel).  Other than that the game is fairly easy going, resources tend to become scarce in the last 10 days or so, which I believe is meant to force the player into more dangerous territories on the nightly scavenging map; up until the last 10 days I've found it is best to stay away from dangerous areas, unless you have gone a more militarized route and are equipped with a helmet, bullet-proof vest, and a decent gun with lots of ammo.  All-in-all a great indy strategy game (8/10 at least) that is well polished, with only the minor glitch here or there. I would definitely say it's worth the $20.00, and the developors seem keen on tweaking the game now and again (they just released an update - the most important fix seemed to be npc aggro, which was admittedly I little ridiculous when the game was first released).  Best of luck, surviving the war!"
76561198032799333,Recommended,282070,13072465,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,cromagnon2003,"I want to like this game... I really want to but this game is by far much to frustrating.What really p*sses me off is, that this game, I mean the game, the programming, the design, is just and plain unfair. You don't stand a real chance. Sure, maybe that's what war is all about, but even if you did manage all quite good, there does always something happen in the GAME-Mechanics that simply let you loose.I won that game once by day 45 but I don't know if that's the regular end or plain and simple luck. So these are not complaints from a looser or someone who's to stupid to play such games.So please let me explain a few situtions:By day 27 or so I did manage to have a group of two young women up and running quite well. It was getting cold and one of the girls was sick. So I send her to the hospital with a few bandages to trade, get a cure and hopefully gather some firewood. Allright, the girl went in, talked to the doctor, got a cure, traded the bandages for some minor items and the Doc was happy for my helping. So I went out and saw a few piles of rubble. Obviously debris from bombing. Cool, some wood and parts, so I gathered it (Pick-Up-Symbol). The girl went out (not running!) and... was shot in the back! Simply shot in the back... inside the hospital, for no apparant (at leat for me) reason... while the doctor and the nurses and all patients were wathing. That's crap but not a single case.Other quite similar situation: I was doing quite well but was a bit depressed. So one of my guys went into the church and traded with the priest. Hopefully to do a good deed to raise the spirits of the group. The priest said „We're a peacefull community here.“ So I turned and again WALKED out. Suddenly the Priest himself attacked my guy and started hitting him. I ran for the exit without striking back. Suddenly a few thugs came up from the cellar and joined the Priest beating my guy to his death. Again that's crap.There are a few more issues:I did a solofighter game with Marco and he managed his life well. Enough food and all stuff but not a single chance to do any good deeds. So he was going mentally down. His stats permanently said that he was lonely. Okay... what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The whole f'cking town was full of people looking for shelter and food which he had plenty of. Why not invite one of them?? My favourite: There's a brothel full of women ready do do anything for just a can of dogfood. Not one does get the idea simply to go with Marco and just talk to him, giving him some strength to carry on. Only beeing there and living in (realativ) comfort with him would have been enough... but no. On day 19 Marco took his own life in desperation and despair, cause of lonelyness. That's crap.There are endless more points witch could just be ridiculous or just silly were it not for the extrem serious theme and context of the game.Sorry to say that, but I think the Devs screw this. Even e.g. Fallout is despite it's cartoon style with it's funny Robots and strange Beamweapons more realistic than this one.I really don't know whom I could recomend this game:For serious players looking for an alternative experience it is by far to frustrating, unlogical and stupid.For casual fun players looking for a management game or a Sim it's by any means far to boring and again frustrating."
76561198078117919,Recommended,282070,13113281,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Boaz,Simple and addictive. It can be a hard game and without the ability to save and load at your conveinence it is easy to get frustrated.  It is a new spin on war games and definately worth checking out
,Recommended,282070,13114339,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BscotchShi,"Well polished game with coherent narrative, music, and level design that captures the cruelity of war. Must buy, plus your contribution will help a greater cause through War Child!"
,Recommended,282070,13133396,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,golergka,"This game won't be any fun. But you have to buy it.Game mechanics are simple, but interesting nevertheless. Explore the city with basic combat and stealth mechanics to procure at night, and spend days crafting and managing resources and items. Sounds typical, right? Yes, because the game isn't about mechanics.The game's about war. The simplest way to survive is to steal and kill, if neccessary. Good deeds don't pay. You shouldn't trust anyone. How much food do you have? How many supplies? How well can you defend it? It's all that matters. You can get sentimental, of course — if you want to get killed sooner. If you want to live, you'll become a mosnter.Usually, games help you escape reality, but not this one. It's the opposite kind. There are people that are living like that right now: when I write this review, when you read it. And day by day, we see these pictures in the news, we don't give them much thought. We just register information. But when you play it, when you remember that it's not just fantasy, it's not just a pixel man dying on the screen — there are thousands just like him, slowly rotting, in the real life — then it really kicks you in the gut.If you're a human being capable of empathy, this game won't be the least bit of fun. It will be excrutiatingly depressing. It will be bad. It will be sad. It will be painful.Good. That's how it supposed to be. May be next time, when you watch the news about people being killed in a faraway land, you'll give it a little bit more thought."
,Recommended,282070,13133638,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,black crazy ant,"Pavle entered the area and saw a warehouse. He saw two armed thugs in front, his heart was pumping. Once they entered the warehouse, he slowly followed behind and hid behind a corner. When a thug walked past, Pavle slit the thugs throat and headed upstairs. Shortly after, another thug comes by and Pavle gives the same death to the other thug. Oh what a rush."
,Recommended,282070,13133912,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Cheesemaster64,Caught 2 rats in a trap using a rat as bait.10/10
,Recommended,282070,13134220,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,thefancypotato,"Press ""F"" to Feel."
76561197980683182,Recommended,282070,13134931,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Adobe Photoshop,"Great game, i keep coming back trying to perfect my survival methods. it would have been nice to have the option to speak to people. Also if one character makes a mistake and gets in to a battle or shot at by someone in a house none of your other characters can visit that house with out the people there attacking them. This doesnt make much sense as they have never met the other people in your group. So i hope they change that."
,Recommended,282070,13135082,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Insane In The Brain,"WELL WELL WELL, what to say about this game, SURVIVAL, will you steal food from another house and let them starve to death if you and your friends are starving? Will you open the door to a stranger looking for help ? You can find this kind of situations in this game, and seriously, I have played other games and I don't care smashing a soldier's head with my axe to steal his boots, but this game, this game makes you feel sorry for your acts. Awesome."
,Recommended,282070,13135316,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ghijoon,"45 Days Survived, and the war is finally over. Two people died; froze to death and while looking for supplies.This game makes me think the true meaning of the loss of war."
76561197990375401,Recommended,282070,13135342,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bloodbath,"...We made some rash decisions. We lasted a mere 17 days,,, Hopfuly on the next atempt we'll make it longer, using peaceful tactics, rather than kill and take...Play. This. Game."
,Recommended,282070,13135484,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,tonycasper21,"I started out quite well. It was my first playthrough and I made it to day 15 without any problems. Sure I started off by being a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anton can't mooch off of my team's success. The three man system was working great. But as time wore on my concious got the better of me. So when poor Emelia arrived at the door and asked for refuge, I could not refuse. She came in and used all my bandages to heal her wounds. Over the next few days, the fourth companion took its toll. I ran out of vegetables and was running low on water. My new found concious wouln't let me attack the people at the chruch so what was I to do next?I weighed my options but with hunger running high, I decided that I had to risk going to the hotel. Fighting had limited my options and I felt that was the best choice. So that night Pavle headed out with his pistol, hatchet, helmet, and all the other tools he might need to take on these thugs.At first when Pavle entered the hotel all seemed calm. I slowly made my way all the way to the top floor and began moving across, searching for the enemies. At last Pavle found one, standing at the top of the stairwell, threatening to gouge out some poor person's eye. After a short time comtemplating his options, Pavle snuck up behind the soldier and attacked him with the hatchet. That's when things really went wrong. The thug was severly wounded and stood back, hand raised. He pleaded for his life. But Pavle shot him in the face.""What was that?"" shouted the thug on the level below. The thug ran up the stairs only to find his dead partener lying on the ground. Then Pavle jumped out of a nearby closed and violently hacked the thug to pieces. Pavle then noticed the two other thugs approaching his position. He could just hop back in the closet. But Pavle was not fast enough. The next thug saw him. Pavle begain raining bullets down the stairwell. His kevlar protected him from the shots returning from the enemy. But he could not kill the thug fast enough. His friend charged up the stairs with a hatchet.Realizing the dire situation he was in, Pavle swung his hatchet wildly at the approaching thug, landing a solid blow. But the thug was quick to respond. slashing Pavle and wounding him greatly. Pavle tried to create distance from his new adversary so he would be able to shoot him. But he was not fast enough and his corpse lies face down in the hotel now.With all the tools gone, no supplies, and no food, the situation did not look good at home. On top of this Marko and Bruno were depressed at the loss of their friend. The three survivors did not do much that day. When night came, it was Bruno's turn. But he too fell to the thugs. Depressed and starving, Emelia and Marko had nothing but their companionship to keep them alive. It was not enough.10/10 would try to murder thugs again"
76561198091621840,Recommended,282070,13135790,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,b2LastWarrior,I want This war of Mine 2.
,Recommended,282070,13137031,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BreakThisSilence,"This War Of Mine is a well made survival stragety game, visuals are amazing and set the tone just right for pain and suffering the characters are going through. Highly recommend this game, you can't go wrong at all!"
76561198028031053,Recommended,282070,13137741,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Zedek,"Is your idea of a fun game making difficult and emotionally draining decisions? Then This War of Mine is for you.In it you play civillians trying to survive and a city ravaged by war. Unlike most games depicting war however, your biggest threat isn't enemy soldiers but rather other civillians who have become so desperate to survive they've turned into violent bandits.In the daytime you work on your abnormally large home, building beds, workshops, and fixing the massive holes in the walls. Occasionally you will get a visiter, usually to trade, almost always to ask for assitance, and rarely to give you supplies for free. You will also have to work out rationing food and working on ways to achieve sustainability via farms, water collectors, and rat traps.Night time is where the mistakes are made and games are over. At night you decide which of your civilians scavenges, sleeps, or guards. Unfortunately you can only send out one person to scavenge but maybe that's more of a balance mechanic. Of the places you can scavenge there is a clear trend of ""Not Dangerous = Not Worth Scavenging"" and ""Extreme Danger Land = Everything You Need To Survive Right F***ing Now,"" although there are easy places to scavenge if you don't mind stealing from defenseless elderly people or killing someone who was just protecting their family.This game is difficult in more than one sense of the word, losing one of my civilians tends to make me lose my willingness to keep going and just start from scratch or stop playing altogether. However, a game that can draw my attention for so long and get me invested is a game I consider good.RIP Marko/10"
,Recommended,282070,13138425,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,Awesome game .
76561198004526701,Recommended,282070,13138808,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ManicProlix,"Although I feel it falls short of its lofty goals of war commentary this is one of the best survival games I have ever played and strongly recommend it to anyone interested in the genre.Also, for once there's no zombies. That's worth something, right?"
76561197979854756,Recommended,282070,13139493,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ero Vilks,"Wow...just wow. I haven't really played the game very long at this point, which says a lot when i review a game. I'd only been maybe 5 or 6 days in and everything was going well, i healed up the cook who started out sick, made a bed so everyone was cycling in sleep and managed to fend off very hungry status. the house was kept at a nice 19-20 C and i saved a hospital with the runner. on that sixth night i ran with the runner to get supplies from sniper street and all the sudden boom. i stopped to check the time and he got killed. ;___;when day 7 started everyone was depressed and i felt like i actually HAD to restart because i was lookin to get supplies from that run lol. this game is very intense. lot of give take and some choices that actually affect who's livin in your house. definitely worth 15 bucks for me. intend to play more once i kinda learn a bit more about the game.9/10no real issues at all, it's just not a better than sex game. lol"
76561197983342258,Recommended,282070,13139578,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,JMobers,"Brillliant idea that could easily have been spoiled. A solid game that feels like something is missing, but I couldn't say what."
76561197962732677,Recommended,282070,13139699,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dr. McCarcass,"Awesome survival game. Pretty depressing and grim at times, but well executed. 8/10 and a very original touch."
76561198063944540,Recommended,282070,13688221,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mr. Ghostface,"This game is remarkably fun.That soul destroying moment when you finally scavenge enough medication to heal an injured friend, and two little kids turn up at the door begging for medication for their dying mother.10/10 would scavenge again"
76561198040489970,Recommended,282070,13688503,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Trash Carry,"One of the best survival and strategy games I've played. The idea is great, the execution is good and the gameplay is just amazing. Even though I didn't shed a tear playing this game, you might be the person who will, just like in the reviews I've read. And if you're a cold, stone-hearted person like me, it's going to be a fun game, but it still gives you an accelerated heartbeat in moments of tension and decision-gaming, and these moments make the game likable to any kind of person. It doesn't matter how you feel about the horrible or good things you do in the game, what matters is that you actually have to feel something."
76561198097994277,Recommended,282070,13689350,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,UncertainPhoton,This War of Mine is an intense and an emotionally gripping game that shows the ture horrors of war and human nature. Definitely recommend this game as it is a different form of survival game that doesn't have zombies or surviving in the wilderness- instead it has you survive on the bones of the decaying city due to the war. This game allows us to see a completely different perspective of war.
,Recommended,282070,13689362,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,OivDesire,"This war of mine good or bad?First let me start by saying i am not a professional reviewer of games, as you will probarbly be able to tell by the time you are through reading this......So let us start with pro's and con'sPRO'sGraphacilly stunningamazing controlsvery in depthrequires you to think before you do anythinggreat character developmentCON'snone so farThat's right not one con i can think off, this game is so in depth and requires you to think about everything, stratagey is key and if you dont think your survivors will die or commit suicide because they killed someone.If you do have to kill someone to get your ever needed supplies, make sure you have time on your hands to talk them through their problems or even play a little guitar for them to cheer them up, every survivor that lives in your shelter is good for one thing or another so use them wisley.Overall i give this game.....10/10Amazing game, and i cannot wait to see what future revisions hold for this game..."
76561198055948508,Recommended,282070,13689512,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,William3458,this is an amazing game
,Recommended,282070,13692367,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Qwak,"Definatley on of the most atmospheric and entertaining game I've seen in awhile. The enitre idea behind it is moving and grim. War is grim and it is treated like such, surviving is hard and War just makes it 100x harder."
76561198031660701,Recommended,282070,13693155,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,musterm4n,depressing......but good
,Recommended,282070,13693681,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tserclaes,"Started a game, went scavenging with one person, got shot dead, went scavenging with another person, beat an elderly couple to death with my bare hands, stole all their stuff, got depressed, completely broke, someone came and joined us, he went scavenging, the third person in the house got ill, scavenging guy shot dead two soldiers and stole all their stuff, ill guy fought with broken girl, scavenging guy stabs two innocent people then steals their stuff while the stabbed guys wives sob over the corpses, broken girl and ill guy get better, scavenging guy runs off, broken girl is broken again so ill guy makes moonshine and trades it for food and water. The next day, some other guy appears at the door asking for help to move his shot brother, but fearing for my people's lives I say no. I, as the player, get depressed at this point so I stop playing and write this review, because this is such a fantastic yet heartbreaking game. Bravo to the devs, I say. Then cry."
76561197996202076,Recommended,282070,13694700,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,lilonespaz,"Made it 18 days before my first survivor died 35 days till all of em were dead.Skip to overall at bottom if you want the short version.+People will interact and forgive you or hold grudges. (AI is good)+Exploration is good at the places and time consuming however has flaws (see - for why its somewhat bad)+Graphics are nice(sketchy/pencil backdrop is cool)+Is a side scroll-er but it feels immersive+Good degree of difficulty-Only one person can go scavenging (while the others can sleep or guard) (is hard to take places with 5+ bad guys by yourself)-Can be hard to get supplies when the war is affecting a certain parts of the map-Not a lot of options for exploring (limited number of places to go)-Haven't found a way for other survivors to join (if even possible?)-Could use a skill tree or something to teach survivors better combat, scavenging, building etc(I can craft guns, Great!, but my guys are so slow at shooting and the enemy doesn't hesitate and pops off round quick results in them loosing and in my part getting killed)OverallIts a good game, nice idea, almost perfect execution.. a few flaws that can be overlooked however some will make you get annoyed with it.My biggest Pet Peeves are the lack of sending more than one person out, haven't had the ability for another survivor to join my group, and the lack of any way of bettering your survivors(such as a skill tree or training)"
,Recommended,282070,13925516,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sythemastery,"Absolutely brilliant, a must play definitely."
,Recommended,282070,13326474,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Tensai,It's a great game (first impression)(after play it awhile)the ambiance of this game really goodwith the war background and the people try to survive really make the game.10/10
76561198121233038,Recommended,282070,13931823,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Littlecub2001,This is a brillient game you can have fun for hours and not get board but it can get anoying with the lag spikes but might be my laptop. I really reccommend this game to you as it will entertane you for hours and buy time. If you like sims you will love this game and if u dont you probaly will still love this game just give it a go and see what you think defently worth the money.
76561197970315339,Recommended,282070,13974145,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,El Squiddo,"A breath of fresh air, if like me you're sick of the of the 'war is awesome' sp**kgargleweewee genre.Straightforward yet compelling, thought provoking, and at times depressing.10/10 recommended to everyone."
,Recommended,282070,13974702,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Caffran,"This game is dark and grity in every sence of the words, the only goal is to try and stay alive and it could mean that you'll have  to steal of kill others in the same situation as you. War is hell and it hits more than just soldiers. Definatly reminds me of the conflict in Bosnia in the 90's."
76561198171047614,Recommended,282070,13974820,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,morgenctg,"This is the best game ever. It includes action , strategy, survival, and adventure. There is a uniqe set of charactersthat you can play as. Many locations you can visit. Also has a awsome combat system."
,Recommended,282070,12983408,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,☮ MeditationState™ ☯,Amazing is all I can say about This War of Mine.Finally a survival game that hasn't got zombies but is still exciting!I feel tied to each character in this game like The Walking Dead. So if one dies it actually feels horrible.Fully 100% recommend this game.My full thanks to the Devs and hope they carry on making this game even more awesome!!
76561198067936573,Recommended,282070,12983715,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,BROOKS1970UK,"Very realistic, makes you really consider how bad wars are.Some things need fixing, and a few new bits of furniture or useful items could be added; was hoping for a few more characters too.8/10."
76561198064959173,Recommended,282070,12983761,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,jjdkennedy,This is one of the best games I have played recently. Something really new and very well done. I hope they continue to add features in the fiture. Well worth a go.
76561197983373520,Recommended,282070,12983798,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ManRammer,"Depressingly stronk + stronk depression = Welcome to EU East, the stronkest EU"
,Recommended,282070,12984065,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Joy Lane,"Good game overall. A little too ridiculous sometimes, such as a complete lack of food. One of my playthroughs had 4 people in my group, and somehow I was magically not able to find any food anywhere, aside from the merchant. It felt like extreme artificial difficulty. I understand the point of it, war is hell and all, but it really sucked the fun out of the game for me. Luckily, you can just roll new characters and a new game and sometimes have good luck.I also think 10-15 bucks would be a better price for this game.I give it a 7/10Hopefully there are sequels to this and they only get better. Maybe the combat could be a little less clunky and weird."
76561198007845342,Recommended,282070,12984140,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Avatar of Justice,"When war starts you won't be an elite soldier like in Modern Warfare or Battlefield 4. You will be a civilian.This game is a great tutorial how to survive in such situations.There are some things that I do not agree with in the game:1) Hungry children come and ask for canned food to spare. I would like to spare but I had 0 canned food but over 10 vegetables and raw food. Dafuq? take my veggies! Game fix it.2) after 3 runs and over 15 hours of gameplay I realized that my max survivors will always be four. I would like to have 6 or 8 survivors.3) Implement Multiple Scavengers: either having two guys sent to scavenge one place to cover each other like in real life or sent in different places to scavenge with one off-screen.4) A murderer or bandit should not feel guilty and sad each time after a wrong doing.If the developers could patch that up would be nice. Game works great, did not lag even once in my 18 hours of non-stop gameplay."
,Recommended,282070,12984205,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,エミル ™,"Probably one the best ""survival"" games i've ever played if u like survival games i could totally recommend ""This war of mine"" and its not like every other survival game that are in third or first person modeTho there is a very small amount of bugs ;)"
76561197994856928,Recommended,282070,12984454,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,RainmakerLTU,"Very good implementation of morale. You will feel not very cool, knowing that elderly couple who lived silently in their house, died, because you robbed their medicine and food. And your survivors will be very depressed (as should you too) by killing innocent civilians for defending theirs property.This game points very clear what is bad and what is good. Bad deeds has bad outcome, while good deeds are rewarded.It is a game of choices, what to do, where to go decide you. While it is faster and easier to go and rob innocents with bad feelings after or make something worth selling and trade (might be hard to acquire ingredients/materials, but survivors will not fall into sadness).Really moving game, atmospheric I`d say. Reminds the war in the Balkans. I`ll say more - maybe it falls into game noir category besides Max Payne (I have in mind the atmosphere the game creates, the feeling, the hopeless situations)."
,Recommended,282070,12984614,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,zxn89,"Try and ignore the one or two negative reviews of this game, these people either haven't played the game properly, don't understand it's mechanics or it simply isn't for them. I am not usually inclined to play indie games, nor do i ever write reviews, hence the short length of this one, i felt, however, that This War of Mine deserved a good write up as many others have offered. I cannot cover any points not already made by the positive reviews on here so i'm not even going to try. If you want a game that is like no other, completely unique and immensely addictive, this is the one! As i have already said i am not a massive fan of these games, more of a ""simmer"" or ""strategist"" to be quite honest but this is awesome! so different to anything i have ever played before and ultimately engrossing. Did i mention the stupendous value for money!?! no more to be said simply buy and play as this game has not received enough hype! More like this would make the world a less dull place. 9.9/10 (because nothing is perfect. ever. but this is damn close)"
,Recommended,282070,12984987,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SenorAndrew,10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,282070,12985159,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Axis of Lint,"Love this. It's a great title from a studio that has produced games that I wasn't completely impressed with so far. It's a survival game that involves moral choices, careful balancing of the very limited supplies you can acquire and very careful balancing of the needs of your survivors.Well worth a look imo. Plenty of let's plays around to give you an idea of exactly what's involved as well."
,Recommended,282070,12985213,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,blacksidesniper,Outstanding survival game!
76561198080557769,Recommended,282070,12985218,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,simeonpoker,"I love this, I'm addicted."
76561197974793790,Recommended,282070,12985360,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,YotsuMD,"Instead of heroes mowing down hordes of evil faceless enemies standing between them and their ultimate goal, you are given control of worn down everyday people, just trying to survive in a world gone wrong, and death is never far away. It's a bleak existence, and simply finding the strength to carry on is a challenge for your characters. Sometimes you have the opportunity to show the better side of humanity, showing altruism when you can expect very little in return. Other times, you have to prey on those who are weaker, taking what is theirs.It's also not another goddamn zombie game. 10/10."
76561198035256476,Recommended,282070,12985382,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,gibson,"When you spend 3 real life hours debating between killing an elderly couple for their food or going hungry for the 3rd day in a row.Spoiler- when you finally kill them, you will feel bad about it and so will the in game characters"
76561197966175810,Recommended,282070,12985860,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,*A-B* Spice_Weasel,"Only maybe an hour into this game, but so far it's pretty amazing!  Pretty suspenseful as well as creating a bond between you and your charachters!"
,Recommended,282070,12985891,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Stefan,The game itself is extremly good.2 things are bad:- saving (only saves on night / day change)- crashing a lot and hole day / night is lostSaving whenever you want would be awesome...
76561198068685036,Recommended,282070,12985901,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,hgentil,"Great idea, great execution.Just.. one... more.. day..."
76561198007460866,Recommended,282070,12985950,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[rs2.fi]CptTightPants,The game that DayZ wanted to be...
,Recommended,282070,12985953,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Rafael,Awesome indie game. *need a save feature*!
,Recommended,282070,12976448,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Nick,"This War Of Mine has revolutionized the War game genre. Definitely GOTY material, and definitely worth it at full price."
,Recommended,282070,12976562,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mrs. Taggart,What is this game about?1.  Start the war with high hopes and optimism2.  Struggle to find food and medicine as the war drags on3.  Make some tough choices4.  See your friends die5.  Survive the war6.  Cry for man's inhumanityA great chance to see war through the perspective of those who must live through it.  Emotionally intense.
76561198022536925,Recommended,282070,12976580,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Seaman Salad,"This game was a pleasant surprise for me. Really.You don't run into many games where there's a war and instead of playing as a soldier fighting in one. You're a civilian attempting to survive. By any means necessary. You'll be forced to make tough decisions from stealing from an elderly couple, feeding a pair of kids, and/or murdering people to gain precious suplies.Most things have consequences in this game, and it brings a very human air to the computer screen. The sound is also excellent. From cold winds, gun fire, and knife shanking. All of it sounds exceptionally good.I heavily recommend this game to anyone who wishes to play a game that's outside of the box.P.S. Some of the things you see are possibly reenacted events that have happened in actual warzones across the globe. Think about that for a minute.P.S.S. You can also donate to warzone charity at the bottom left of the main game screen."
76561197977133808,Recommended,282070,12976968,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Souj,Exactly the kind of game i was looking for and it's great.
76561197973479874,Recommended,282070,12977128,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bishop,"My group's on the edge of starvation, and I went to an area that should have lots of it.I opened the door, and I imediately saw two people. an elderley woman, and an old man, which slowly got up and walked his way through to the door, to see who was trying to get in.He said they had nothing of value and to please leave them alone.I started snooping around just a bit, and at some point they were just begging me ""please don't kill us"".I ran to the exit and felt horrible.Back home we used the last of our food.I exited the game.Maybe tomorrow I'll have more luck!"
76561198091181450,Recommended,282070,12977197,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SirLagsalot,"This game is brutal, unforgiving, suspenseful, and morally challenging, and I love every bit of it 11/10"
76561198009727742,Recommended,282070,12977378,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mastercard,2nd playthrought lasted 28 days.  Don't know whether I should celebrate or cry for a week.  10/10
76561198022584267,Recommended,282070,12977388,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,The Evil One,"Played it for about two hours, already i can see i am going to love this game. If you like survival type games with an extra hit of gloom and doom. This is your game.It is a mix of Mark of The Ninja with Dont Starve and Walking Dead, just without the zombies."
76561198010891362,Recommended,282070,12977434,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,NecroticMask,"Wow, just wow. I was quickly engrossed by the world that the characters are forced to live in. No zombies, no apocalypse. Just three friends trying to survive a war that is right outside their home town. The city is under seige and everything is scarce. Food, water, medicine, even things that you wouldn't normally need going through the day to day become valuable.You feel something for the characters as they struggle to survive. They feel regret when forced to take a life, and you see it in them when they burry their face in their hands and another tries to console them. Every desicion matters, where to scavange, what to take, what to keep, who sleeps, who stays on guard. It's tough and compelling storytelling in the simplest way. Play it should you get the chance."
,Recommended,282070,12977475,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Nancy,Gut
76561198019094702,Recommended,282070,12977495,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Kruger,"Heart pounding, breathtaking, and an amazing atmosphere with smart AI. One of the best survival games out there as of right now! Highly Recommend."
76561198138550069,Recommended,282070,12977577,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,EL Daniel,"This game is really cool, though it can get a little tedious, I love the machanics for the most part, could do with faster transition between characters.  Also, I can really see this with multiplayer, you would have to have a fixed character for each player, and some other stuff, but it is overall already awsome."
76561198074219766,Recommended,282070,12977633,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tyzerius,"This game is hard, real hard. I had to play it 3 times before I managed past Day 30. Expect to die without knowing what to expect from each area, especially those with a Danger or Caution rating. To makes things harder, the game auto-generates the sequence of maps and starting characters every time another try is started so you really don't know what to expect. I guess in times of war, the civilians are just not expected to survive for very long. To make things worse, even if one manages to garner enough weapons and supplies for combat which can be a feat in itself, each time a character kills an opponent, no matter whether peaceful or belligerent, he/she goes into a depressive mood, which makes other characters depressed as well! I would recommend it only for gamers who love a challenge and possess a never say die attitude. Tip: Trade for an assault rifle or shotgun early in the game."
76561198039941814,Recommended,282070,12977673,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Uzumaki,"For me it reminds one of The Sims meets Dont Starve. A black and white scetch look like a drawing bringing the perfect feel of gloom and doom ,feels a bit sad BUT you must suvive at all cost."
,Recommended,282070,12977701,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Robbie Rotten,"Really fun, about the Seige of Sarejavo in 1992 (Probably didn's spell correctly), some parts are hard and I currently suck balls at fighting and having enough food.  Basically you have to build your little base up and scavenge for supplies and weapons. I also murdered an old family for spare parts after they invited me in. 10/10."
,Recommended,282070,12978198,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,sigr197,I believe this game is very good and is a step in the right direction for a good time. You will struggle to survive. You will see certain aspects of humanity you dont see in everyday life. You will question your morals. You will make useful items in your quest to survive. You will forsake the backpack and its rigamoroe. You will be glad you played and expereanced this game.
,Recommended,282070,12978338,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,csgobig.com,This Game has a great atmosphere and story and I am in complete love for itOne of my stories is very brutalIt was my first raid...I had bruno run around this very quiet house.I asummed that everyone is this game was badso I took no caution into what i was going to do.I peeked through some of the doors and found 2 people.immediatly I hid some where and they when't lookingfor me. I heard footsteeps come twords me and withouthessitation I started punching the pursuer and killed him.Moments later a women came (probly other person)she called me a murderer. I walked a way taking no interestinto what ever she had to say untill i found a note. I soon was inTears because They where both elderly Couples who was taking careof a young child. I didn't wan't to leave any evidence so i ended upMurdering the woman and leaving a jewel in a near by cabinetConsidering this was my FIRST raid I am really looking forward formore thrilling story from this game10/10
,Recommended,282070,12978347,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,waldo717,"This is the 8th game in my Steam library but the first one that I can't stop playing. Beautiful, well developed and no technical issues playing on Linux. Love it."
76561198017962438,Recommended,282070,12978399,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Luftwaffllz,Its unique and apart from that pretty good
76561198086679404,Recommended,282070,12978499,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Chris,"I thought my combat trained guy could take out one armed thug with a stealth kill but he instead, jumped from the shadows and turned in the wrong direction and took two shotgun shells to the back and died. Determined to avenge his death I took Pavle back the next night to regain the lost gear. While doing this I managed to get him to kill the three remaining thugs and loot the rest of their hideout over the next few nights. We have never had so much food!!!!10/10 would sacrifice my ex-soldier again."
76561198128240215,Recommended,282070,13352148,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,madeleine mccann,"amazing game, it is kinda hard but it's really fun. 100% recomended"
,Recommended,282070,13352407,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SollieFoto,"Really addictive game.The atmosphere is great, to even make you feel bad for robbing civilians.Damn, poor pixels.. I dont want them to be sad.A bit confusing at first but thats kind of charming in a way.The uncertainty of what to actually do in the beginning, adds to the general 'feel'.Wish there where some kind of upgrade for the backpacks though."
,Recommended,282070,13456670,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mezmer,"This War of Mine is a beautfiul, thoughtful, and original game. You play as a set of randomly generated suriviors, and you have one goal. To survive.This War of Mine shows the horrors of war, and that humans are the scariest thing on the planet. This game will make you depressed, happy, scared, and just in pure awe. Your characters have unique personality, and if you go out and kill someone, even in self defense, your character, and the whole team will have a reaction to it. Each action has an equal and oppisite reaction.This is almost the best game I've ever played. This game is a side scroller, and has a crafting element to it, so be aware of that. It takes a couple tries to learn, but after a couple tries, the mechanics get easier.Buy this game. It deserves your money."
76561198100332507,Recommended,282070,13456878,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,tomasz_piwonski,Mega przezajebista... Everyone should play it!!!
76561198077278198,Recommended,282070,13457298,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ClimbnMagic,"I am a casual gamer, and I was attracted by the concept of this game as it seem so different than most games. This game does not let you dream about being a war hero, but it reminds you (once again) what a terrible thing war is. This game makes me feel like a terrible person while I am playing, and grateful that my life has been peaceful so far. If you are lucky enough like me and lived your life without war, you should experience this game. Worth more than the price!"
76561198082736200,Recommended,282070,13457466,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,de penetrerende oma aka Raikov,its fun but only thing i hate is that you can scanvange only one
76561197984010104,Recommended,282070,13459295,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lykan,"Enjoyable, a side of war no one likes to talk about.  Good survival game. Actually made me feel regret in some choices i had to make."
,Recommended,282070,13065555,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Ahun Draeu,This game is awesome.  Survival Sims.  Cool soundtrack and art style.
76561198141346449,Recommended,282070,13067864,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Heavyweight,"This game really is good. At its core its a survival game but its unique in the way it portrays itself. The graphics are simple but very effective and the sound is pretty solid, with a background of machine gun and bombing sounds.What makes this game so great is the atmosphere and characters. Your in game decisions, such as giving children medicine for their sick mother or robbing a poor old defenceless couple is reflected in the characters mood.When your scavanging, you can see the interactions between other NPCs. You can see the effects of war on everyone - totally unique gameThe only thing that is a bit annoying is that you always start from a new day (the day is split into two parts, day where you go about your daily chores and night, where you scavange).For example if you want to try to figure out some game mechanics like fighting and you die, you have to start the day from the start.Also when you are scavenging you can take only a certain amount of equipment. This makes sense at the beginning but I think it should be upgradable especially when you need to start taking more weapons and tools with you to scavenge."
76561198020830694,Recommended,282070,13068195,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Bob,"I have read a few reviews and loled at them. Few were useful. Some are not even reviews, just rants.Good game, a bit too much but if you can get it I suggest you do.Can replay with different people and setups. Very nice. It is a resource game for sure. Not much in the way of strategy. Day and night makes it entertaining, and adds a touch of realism to the game. Different people have different abilties which are mostly useful but sometimes you get one that is just bad.The combat leaves alot to be desired. Crafting makes up a good deal of the game and it is all useful yet take up alot of resources to make. Find and trade I say. All in all a good game, will have to keep an eye on the makers and see what will come out next.I think with added patches they can make a good game great. Will have to see."
76561197993494271,Recommended,282070,13068499,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Count Tastula,"Amazing game!  Challenging, unique and totally enthralling.  I have yet to come across a game like this.Spent about 3 days playing non stop before I finally managed to beat it.  I Probably lost over twelve times before I barely managed to last through the war.  I really hope they make a sequal.I love the unforgiving aspects of the game.  One mistake and one of your party member is dead.  With no save/reload points you really have to think through every choice.  The result a very rewarding experience when you finally manage to beat it.Definately check this game out if you want something diffrent that's a challenge as well."
76561198041743823,Recommended,282070,13068643,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,tjkuhl,This game will take you into the life of the other side of war the one that isn't fought by solders but everyday people just fighting to survive it is an experience that you will never forget....... I would definitly recommend this game my only problem with it is that it does not have much re-playablity......
76561198116578458,Recommended,282070,13069315,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Thebowthatkills,ts a good and hard game thats y i love it so much ive already played countless hours of it already and ive had it only  a couple of days
76561198017558889,Recommended,282070,13069578,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Brenden619,"This game is friggin awesome, trust me pick it up."
76561198064639393,Recommended,282070,13070077,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Rico,What a great game!!What a drama game!!It make me cry..... Rest In Peace Pavle.
,Recommended,282070,13070919,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mateodon,"Pros:+Subtle approach to story telling, TWoM can envoke emotional responses without lengthy cut-scenes or tedious dialog exchanges.+ Randomization, the characters, loot, locations, events, and even temperature will be slightly* different on subsequent playthroughs.+ Difficulty, keeping your characters alive requires alot, balancing hunger, sickness, wounds and depression is difficult and often you will be forced to make sacrifices.Cons:- Poor PC Controls, the game was certainly made for touch screens and the PC version relies heavily on emulating the touch controls.  This is very akward in combat, when the mouse is used make the character move, take cover, and attack.- Lazy save system, the game autosaves every morning and there's no way to save during the day or night, if you quit any time before completing the nightly scavenging you will have to replay the entire day.  There is also only one save slot, starting a new game overwrites the existing one.- Economy balance, TWoM features a fluctuating economy, item values go up and down based on events, it's meant to work a bit like the stock market (buy low, sell high).  But attempting to play the market this way is fruitless, vendors hardly care about an item's market value, instead many vendors have an unrealisticly strong desire for specific items (one piece of wood can get you almost anything from the priest, one moonshine will get anything at the hotel, etc.).- *Predictable, while the randomization seperates TWoM from the typical scripted and linear games, it's still a bit shallow.  Most locations have 1 or 2 variants (often a variant with friendly NPCs, and one with hostile NPCs), there are about a dozen playable characters of which 3 are randomly chosen at the start, but their stats are always the same (Bruno is always a cook and a smoker, Katia is always good at bargaining and drinks coffee, etc.).  This is enough to make each playthrough slightly different, but hardly surprising.Summary: The concept and story telling are fantastic, but the mechanics lack polish.  Given the price and replayablity I would recomend this to fans of survival and resource managment games."
76561198074472673,Recommended,282070,13047501,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,StopRunningNathan,"Tried to loot a house, found people. Ran like a ♥♥♥♥♥.Swapped characters, beat them up. Got wounded, severely.Scared, no bandages, returned with a different character.Found bandages, returned.... ""Marko has died""I cried. 10/10"
76561198057551818,Recommended,282070,13047689,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,KidiceWylde,"Not great at reviews, just wanted to say, simply awesome!"
76561197994607977,Recommended,282070,13048054,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Nocebo,Stabbed a priest to death for sugar and wood. 10/10
76561198090552116,Recommended,282070,12980977,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,GhostPopcorn,"Be prepared this is a lengthy rewiew, but this game 100% deserves it.This War of Mine is about folowing the story of a group of civilians who are trapped in a city (Im guessing is eastern Europeon) which is in conflict between the government and a rebel militia. it is up to you as the player to help them survive the hardships and difficult moments that the game throws at you.The game begins randomly generated, which means that you can end up with different characters every new game with different abilities such as being able to sneak more quietly to being a good scavanger. The weather can be extreamly cold or warm which offers a different play style, characters can get sick more easily and illness can spread and characters can begin sick or wounded straight away.The games art style is very cool and unique, it really gives you the feeling of suffering and ruin that is happening in the city. The audio and music in the game makes you feel connected to the world as you hear bomb shells dropping in the not to far distance and gunfire also classical music can be played on a radio once you make it which adds a nice touch in the atmosphere.You start with 3-4 civilians each with thier own backstory and behaviour/addictions in a large abandoned building. During the day you fortify you base from attacks from bandits, make food, moonshine to trade. weapons to defend yourself with and many other tasks. At night you go out scavanging for food, medicine and materials to help you survive another day, now depending on who you choose to scavange you may be able to carry more then someone who cant so its all about getting the most out of your survivors, you can choose who to guard your base, who's to sleep if they are tired or you can just keep everyone in the base for the night.When out scavanging its all about time managment and item managment. Is it worth taking all the food/medicine now and risk some being stolen from raiders if my base is not protected enough, or shall I carry more materials to upgrade my defenses instead of a tonme of food? the reasons why you dont scavange in the day is because thats when the snipers are about. You have a time period which I think is from 8pm to 5 or 6am (not sure as I have not gone past the mark) where you can go scavanging so dont spend too long outside.During the game you will run into other survivors. Some friendly, some hostile, some in dire need of help, others who are doing waaaaay better then you. Sometimes random events happen during the day like a trader comes to visit you, or a neighbour needs help protecting her home from bandits for the night.There are a lot of hard choices to be made in This War of Mine either giving two children medicine for thier dieing mother when medicine is very rare. Or stealing from an innocent old couple when your group is starving or dieing from illness. These choices have impacts on your characters differently some dont care or think its justified and others can feel depressed which can lead to suicideIf I had to compare this game to another I would think of The Sims but Instead of your sim wanting to get that new promotion or go snoo snoo with the neighbours wife your ""sim"" just wants a warm meal, a bed to sleep in and protection until the nightmare blows over.The game is awesome, it is one of those that keeps you hooked for hours on end until you literally lose track of time and subconsciously keeps asking yourself the question ""How far are you willing to go to survive?""I recommed this game to anyone who is looking for a serious survival game with a lot of replayablity."
76561198036352609,Recommended,282070,13048186,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ClumsyKing,"I don't understand all these dramas people made up in the review all about. Though I lost Marko, i didn't kill anyone or steal anything untill the end of the game. I couldn't use the craft table after the winter starts however else it would have been easier if I didn't have to frantically go around an trade for water."
76561198018582151,Recommended,282070,13048489,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,JacktStocks,"If you're looking for a game that you can keep all of your morals intact, don't choose this game.After a decent playthrough reaching 20 days, I had lost a few of my group to bandits, illness and starvation, but what really got to me is how I lost my last remaining character.Breaking into a building I presumed was abandoned, I began to loot all possible items, I noticed that the loot was really good and very common but I carried on pushing into the ruins. I ended up bumping into two men who was nice to me and offered to trade so we did and I got a little desperately needed food in return for some ammo and water. I then went upstairs to loot from the unsuspecting party but there was one of them standing on a balcony, I questioned if what I was doing was right and of course the answer was NO.However, I crept to the man and pulled out my hatchet and swung for him, he turned as I swung so he didn't do immediately and silently, he then retaliated to which we fought and I won but in doing so he fell backwards down a gap in the 4-story building and landed straight between his trading buddies who soon sprinted upstairs and brutally F***KED me up.The moral of this game is don't trust anyone, not even yourself. Keep morals intact. Don't lose sight of who you are. IT'S NOT JUST A GAME."
,Recommended,282070,13021581,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tipex,"Dark, thought provoking, and a heck of a lot of fun, well worth the price of entry :)"
,Recommended,282070,13049137,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Holes,"This game evokes the greatest of feels. You quickly get immersed in the world, and it's hard to stop once you start. It makes you question whether stealing that old family's food was really worth it. Or if those 2 cans of food are worth trading for that bandage you really need. Making the choice of who goes hungry and who sleeps that night. Deciding who lives or dies. This♥♥♥♥♥♥gets deep. And it's ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant."
76561197990189969,Recommended,282070,13049741,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,goldstariv,"What a realistically depressing game. Not that it's a bad thing, but it really hits you hard when the cold hard truth sets in, that war is hell. The game itself is really well made. Production quality is top notch, reminds me a bit of the Sims. It's actually a bit scary too. Not being able to see or know what lurks in the next room is pretty frightening, even from the sideview prespective.Great game, although I could only play it in short spurts here and there. Too much tragedy and sadness for prolonged play, lol."
,Recommended,282070,13050005,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,miks,"Excellent game, I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes survival games. My only complain is that it was way too short but thats up for argue."
76561198111075761,Recommended,282070,13050246,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SpeedyEuros,"Wow! Coming into the game i did'nt expect much, but after a short time i have lernt to ove this game."
,Recommended,282070,13590004,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Viper,"Nice and Hardcore game. You will have to play it atleast twice to get a good situation in your hideout.But never give up, it can get better in a moment if you make the right decision"
76561198129133759,Recommended,282070,13591861,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Inato,"Get this game! It is possibly the most realistic survival game on the market. It is a mix of a learning experience and a challenge, which makes this game addicting. The atmosphere is great for setting the mood of the game along with setting the mood of the people in the war. Overall, I give this game a 9.5/10 with the only downside being autosaves only and a wee bit of repitition but all of the positives outweigh the negatives. This game is well worth the money."
,Recommended,282070,13594364,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,packofsmokes,Love this game
,Recommended,282070,13594592,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,R3d|Shift,"Four days and almost 30 hours later, I can saftly say that  have thoroughly enjoyed this game.Simple game mechanics and concept, executed flawlessly!Big thumbs up and definitely worth it's asking price."
,Recommended,282070,13595215,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dr. TickleButts,i cri everytime ;;
76561198165035808,Recommended,282070,13596016,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,marcusfrancis1976,so super addictive one of the best survival games ive ever played
76561197974457622,Recommended,282070,13596625,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,super ski pimp,"So, far love the concept, and the art style and the tention even though i have not encounted anything but rats yet, would recomend for anyone that likes castle defence games or anyone board of the traditional glorification of war type games.my only complaints are stability, i am on a Macbook Pro and have only managed to get to Day 3, had to re install twice already, but hopefully this will be fixed in time, desipte this would still highly recomend."
76561198119474760,Recommended,282070,13645478,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Erdega2,This game is good i love how the game is setup but one thing about this game is that i have a hard time starting the game other than that this game is amazing and you have to make hard choices to survive.
,Recommended,282070,13645674,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Opus,This game is amazing. It is totally worth it and you should buy it now. This game takes on the ruined lives of average civilians while their country and lives are torn apart. 11/10
76561197960485036,Recommended,282070,13646463,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Paulex,"I got almost 20 hours out of the game before it felt really repetive. And thats as much as you can ask for a game of this caliber.I really hope they add alot more to this game, since i love the setting and the simple design."
76561198080557657,Recommended,282070,13646642,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Vic,<3
,Recommended,282070,13647312,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Yahtz,Great Game. Great concept to remind us how horrible is war and how hard is to survive
76561198090525254,Recommended,282070,13647408,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kugelblitz527,"The depth the devs put into the survival of the characters in this game is far more than what I was expecting. It was obvious that they would get sick, hungry, and tired. Those are typically in most survival games. However, depression being a factor made things considerably tougher. Like most people, losing comforts they're used to, unneccesary killing or stealing, and losing loved ones will brings down their mood, and a good book, cigarettes, music, etc will make them feel better. If they get too bad, they'll just stop functioning and eventaully committ suicide.It's this kind of thing that adds a whole other level of depth to survival games."
76561198166367167,Recommended,282070,13647542,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cubamac,This game is really good!
,Recommended,282070,13647807,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Andy,"Amazing Game and incredibly high replay value. This War Of MIne is quite a small game, but very enjoyable."
76561198086821456,Recommended,282070,13658675,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JDT0rr3y,"It is a very nice game in which you get to play as a group of civillians trapped in a war torn place. It has a nice game mechanics and should make you organize what to craft, what to scavenge, where to scavenge, etc. in order to keep your group alive.Whatever choices you make, it will bring effect to these people. So choose wisely"
76561198054437117,Recommended,282070,13659570,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sephrost,"as i approached the supermarket i could see a faint glimmer a life bustling within. As i cautiously moved forward i could hear voices, one dominant one servient. As i peered through the key hole it all became clear my heart pounding the violence escalated. he stood over her... with a pocket full of shells. i wanted to step in, make it stop... but i could not.. i watched as he dragged her away.. powerless weak.. i scavenged what i could, my stomach in knots.. i wish i could of saved her. - Marko"
76561197970194355,Recommended,282070,13659663,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Drifter,"in my opinion the  game is excellent and you should try it. The depressing and bleak atmosphere is excellent for a war game.  I believe atmosphere is what makes a game besides gameplay and that is not bad in this game eather.  The game itself is a time and resource management survial game.  Theres two parts to the game, First  part is about your house and what you need to do around it to make sure that robbers are less likely to break in also other stuff. For example you might need heat if it is snowing if not you will get sick and most likely die, There are also serveral other things that are optional but will make things a bit easyer on you, If you decide to make them and give other resource to them that you might need for something else(cooking), The second is about scavaging which is about traveling somewhere that might be danagers to the charater you choose to go there(can only choose one character to scavage),  When there you can take resorce despending on your character you use at home,Every person in the game has a different thing that they can contribute to the group. Some might have huge packs for going scavaging bring more with them means less time you have to keep going back. Others are good at barging which is good for trading in the game, Others are good at fixing stuff, or cooking which means less resources when doing them.  Who you get is random unless you unlock them, at which you can choose them and there scenario with there group.  the replay vaule is there because of this. THe scenarios that you get are all different and every one that you get is a different challege.I highly sugggest this game if you like anygame that makes you think.  It is really frighting sometimes. Having characters die is so determinantal to your group and to you.  Because if someone dies so does your chances of surviving the war which can last 25-50 days depending on your scenario. So, having your best scavager die is a terrible thing to happen. This is because you might not have people if large packs which really then takes up lot of time from you. it also depress your group of them knowing the person that died and can really take a tole on them. Btw did i mention that if they are depress enought they will kill themself. Yeah so making sure you character is safe should be top piority.anways great game i hope to see more of war child and hope for maybe more content."
76561197972634150,Recommended,282070,13660842,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jacek.Bryniak,One of the best games I have played in years!
,Recommended,282070,13660856,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,me me big pussi,"Needed food, broke into a house with two sick old people. Accidentally shot them both and committed suicide the next day.11/10."
76561198038564589,Recommended,282070,13661187,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Adamantine Hero,"Pros: -Great atomsphere-Forces you to take risks in which you most likely do immoral actions throughout the game to survive-Can make you emotionally invested in the charactors you control-Original survival game (No zombie cliche)Cons: -Simple combat, just clicking on enemies (This was probably in the game to increase difficulty which could be good for some)Overall a great game with interesting events that happen throughout your playthrough and is worth every penny."
76561198059592909,Recommended,282070,19756782,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dopeseekor,This game accurately and dramatically represents the humane end of war. This piece of art forces you to think and scavenge to save the lives of survivors. Easy A if you like an edgy and somewhat depressing tell-your-own-story kind of thing.
76561197980156403,Recommended,282070,19753071,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Csta,"This is a really awesome game that I played obsessively for a short time and burned myself out on. I hope to one day go back and finish it (if the war ever ends). If so, I may come back and rate this game even higher.  8.5/10"
76561198031454383,Recommended,282070,14789308,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Señor Shinsuke,"Oooh yah, quality schnitzels."
,Recommended,282070,19797483,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,BigTom,Beat and Old Man and his sick wife to death in their basement. 10/10 would do again.
,Recommended,282070,19797307,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Alittetoomuchsloth,Challenging resource maagement game. Dark and atmospheric.
,Recommended,282070,19785804,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,jenjamieson13,I love this game.  Very atmostpheric and cleverly done.
,Recommended,282070,19598779,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,immortalharp,"This game is heavy. Like ""I need to stop and go cry in a corner"" heavy, even more so if you have a habit (like most people) of becoming emotionally attatched to video game characters. There have been countless moments where all play has stopped as I just have to sit back and think of what just happened. And yet, I can't stop talking about it to my friends and family. It is deffinetly one of my favorite games and only wish I could buy it for all of my friends."
76561198083497075,Recommended,282070,19627157,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Le_Snail,"It is truly a great gaming experience.Now, I haven't been a huge fan of modern side scrollers but I've got to hand it to the dev's, this is a great game. I think that it truly depicts what a war torn country looks like today. On top of all that, the dev's are donating a lot of their profit to help children in the war torn areas of the world.Gameplay wise, it's difficult. The game is hard. There are tough spots and I always have a panic attack when one of my guys gets hurt or killed. The base-building is fun and has plenty of depth for the money you put into it. If you want a quick punch to the feels, a good game, and to help a good cause, then I recommend this game."
,Recommended,282070,19631951,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,Beautiful
,Recommended,282070,19701538,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,[#]Thunderstorm,I would give this a 4/5. I had a few moments in which I was really annoyed. Like getting looted 3 times in a row whilst they took my most valuable objects.
76561198117542344,Recommended,282070,19685832,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,tahazen,"More games need to be like this. The content is rather depressing, but it's nice every now and then to have a jolt of reality to gaming.The gameplay of TWOM is clean, intuitive, easy to learn, enjoyable, and never dulls. You definitely feel an emotional attachment to the characters and like many other simulations you always want to play just one more day.One of my favorite games I picked up in the last year."
,Recommended,282070,19690289,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,charliechuckleberry,"I can honestly say that this game is stressful and a single death can sap the energy from you.This game has one HUGE flaw.  A single mistake can send your entire game spiralling into a slow and painful death.  I practically quit playing several times because of this.  Started my first ever game, and one dude died.  Then the entire team was depressed and committed suicide.  Wow, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game.  Then after a week break.  I gave it a second try.  Then got to day 22 till I ran out of choices and one of my dudes died.  Same thing happened.  Depression, bad things happened when others are weak, and lost the game eventually at day 44 from depression.  My cook literally hanged himself on day 42 and the last person died from wounds which I had no control over.  I was raided literally every day and every member kept getting wounded because they were too depressed to defend themselves.  So lame.If alt+F4 didn't work to save each mistake then this game would NOT be a recommend.  I think the only way people actually play this game without going completely insane (after losing hours and hours of work) when they make one mistake that chain reacts to destroy their entire party is to alt+F4 the moment something goes wrong.  It will close the program before it saves the death/injury/mistake.  Another interesting I noticed, those raids are re-randomized after you alt+F4 to reset it.  This means, if your dudes get injured during a raid.  Keep resetting till you get a favorable outcome.  I don't know how many times my guys have machine guns and butt loads of ammo.  Yet they still get robbed and mortally wounded.  Then I reset and they get robbed, but take no wounds.So, I'm going to recommend this game because for the price I paid (while it was on sale for $7) was more than worth it!"
76561198080237653,Recommended,282070,17608346,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Temmie da Tem,"Pre-Game:Friend: Hey, is that This War of Mine?Guy: Yeah.Friend: I've played it. It's supposed to be really depressing, but it never really got to me.Me: I've heard about it. It's supposed to be a really good game. -Thinks about it for another month- Ok, I think I'll give it a try.Day 1: Huh, this isn't so bad. These guys seem to have a pretty good shelter. Looks easy.Night 1: Ok, this is interesting. I wonder what happens if you have no guards. -Sneaks carefully around the old burning cottage-Day 2: Builds stuff, including a bed.Day 3: -Gets robbed- God dangit. -Restarts-Day 1: -Plays more strategically and starts putting guards up-Day 7: -Katia moves in-Night 10: Katia gets chased away by the armed guy at the old apartment.Night 11: Katia empties the school of stuff and kills two homeless guys for a bag of canned food.Day 11: Actually felt bad.Night 15: Robs the elderly couple. Drops the meds out of guilt when the man says, ""Please, don't take my wife's meds. She's sick!""Night 17: Katia finally gets over night 9. Marko gets out of a shootout with the apartment guy with a sliver of health.Day 18-25: The three guys start getting injured because I didn't bandage them when they were slightly injured and Katia has to provide for all of them.Day 20: Can't figure out how to make alcohol for bandages and can't find any wood for building heaters.Day 23: Winter completely sets in. 2 Lethally wounded guys. Desperately need meds, nothing to trade for them.Day 25: Katia dies from illness, Pavle died of injuries and Marko deserts.Day 27: I still carry on with Bruno until I get him killed like an idiot while scavenging.All this scavenging and I just barely had enough food for everyone.After playing: -Thinks about the days of playing stuff like FarCry 3 and 4 and Civilization 5.-I get the feeling I won't play for another month."
76561198125156861,Recommended,282070,17652813,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,folvenson,"A great game that makes you consider your actions and shows a unique civilian perspective on war.  It may be hard, but that is part of what makes it fun.It's controls can be a little wierd at first, but I like the fact that it is mouse only (Hint: double click to run.)I would highly recomend this game to anyone and there is realy nothing bad to say against the game that gives me an emotional envestment in my characters."
,Recommended,282070,17554986,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,PJ,"A really meaningful experience of the horrors of war. Would recommend to anyone and everyone. Hard, harsh content, but very glad I played it."
76561198062263802,Recommended,282070,17557241,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Alice™,"So, I've never written a serious review but I'll give it a shot.   This is an amazing game.  You can't get bored of it.  If you do, it's only for a few days and then you'll want more.  At first, I thought I'd hate this game, that it wasn't my cup of tea but I gave it a try and fell in love with it.  I'm telling everyone who is reading this and isn't sure if they want it or not to get it.  It's worth the $20.  Every time you go through the game it'll be something new.  It's replay value is good.  The type of graphics is perfect for this game.  The characters are all different and amazing along with their back story.  They also have feelings so you can't just kill someone and everything be fine.  It also affects the people you're with.  So, you have to consider your survival, the survival of others along with everyones feelings including your own.  It has a perfect balance in difficulty.  Also, the stories you unlock can make the game easier or harder on you, depending on what you'd like.  I truly love this game and will continue to do so.  Give it a shot.  You won't regret it.Rating:  100/100."
,Recommended,282070,13050320,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,The Secret Snake Club,"If you're looking for fun, look elsewhere. If you're looking for a challenging, somewhat strategical game that may or may not provoke a resonating emotional response with you, this is your best shot."
76561197991818992,Recommended,282070,13050558,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Heartstone,This game is a brilliant example of how a game can build a strong narrative with subtly. The artwork is beautiful and the understated feel and colour palette enhances the mood of the game itself. I cannot recommend this highly enough as both a game and a piece of interactive social commentary. I would write more extolling the technical virtues but this game should be experienced rather than read about. Do yourself a favour and put down the gun and pick up this.
76561198018971291,Recommended,282070,13051355,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Nex (Radical Rooster) Mortuus,"Brutal, unforgiving, simple. It knows what it is and has no problem in demonstrating it. A brillient game, with an importent message that it presents masterfully."
,Recommended,282070,13051539,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Wolf,"This war of mine delivers on such a gripping experience. It is very seldom I am pulled into a game and really become invested in it, this game does it.The game begins by giving you 3 random survivors, they each have their own back story which devlops and can be checked at any time. It then immediatly throws you into the action. Day 1 - Clean up the house, make it livable. Then go out to scavange in the night. While the system can feel slow at times it does give off an amazing realistic feeling to both interation and controls. This War Of Mine has a nasty habbit of attaching you to your characters only to have you lose them and become thrown off.I would not recommend this game for those looking for a fast paced survival shooter like we have seen time and time again. This works almost like The sims meets RTS meets DayZ. This is also not your typical survival... It is neither wilderness or zombie - its war, And that means there everything they would of had years ago. I personally give this game 10/10 and have it as one of my current GOTYs. If you are looking for value for $ and want an emotional experience... Buy this game!"
,Recommended,282070,13051919,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dominating David,A really good game I enjoyed it A LOT.
,Recommended,282070,13052121,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Tetshio,"Saw reviews and Let's Plays of the game and decided to buy it.  Totally worth it.  It's a 2D side scroller Sims strategy game where you are given three random playable characters and try to survive throughout a war that is taking place.  You can start in the middle of summer or winter but both settings are playable if you know what to prioritize in your quest for survival against nature and/or other survivors.  Going aggressive at the start would not be advisable (ex: attacking other survivors with a crowbar while they got guns).I would probably suggest to the devs would be to somewhat have a fast forward button during each day/night phase so that removing rubble would be much quicker.  Also combat seems to be a bit fast paced but I think since this is just a new game, everyone needs to adjust and find a way to tackle tricky situations where you are pinned down by 4 survivors with guns while you only have a crowbar at the beginning but at least there are some spots on some locations where your character can hide and be a ninja.  I also wish that in the future, you can scavenge in groups rather than just sending in 1 scavenger at a time.I'd rate this 10/10."
76561198071955492,Recommended,282070,13052480,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Crackerjack,Kill old people for food.11/10
76561198048078288,Recommended,282070,13052935,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dacote,"From a story perspective, there isn't much to say, it's a war, you play a motly asortment of survivors ranging from useless to truly needed for the situation. Each survivor has their own little backstory, but not much more than you could make up for a character profile on a forum based RPG.Where the game really shines is in its point and click adventure gameplay and gritty setting. Combat is intense and brutal and losing your most valuable scavenger is costly to your overall surivival odds. Equipment is scarce and you'll need to divise ways to scavange a location in the minimum number of nights possible. Often by taking out threats, opening locks and removing ovsticles on the first night so you can freely scavange on the next one or two.It does feel like a little missing in terms of what you can craft and when items are usable. Blankets and bigger back packs would be a good addition. Burning so much fuel over the snowy nights can be a drain on otherwise crucial resources, if a blanket was available to help with the cold even a little it would not go astray. Bigger back packs, even as a mid-late game item would also be highly useful, especially if you get stuck with a group whom can each only hold 8 items on a scavange when one possible charcter comes with 17 slots standard!Having some sort of use for everyones skills would also be great. Currently some characters attributes have no use even though they were bought up in in-game dialogue.... such as the ability to care for children. So far I have not seen any children that you need to take care of with such a trait. Good Mathamatician is another, there are multiple uses for such a trait but they never come into play. Why can't the mathamatician make better use of water collectors for example?Some text has incredibly poor gramar, as if it were not proof read, and a few typos exist. Which somwhat dampen the imertion a little.All in all, despite it's slightly unfinished feel, the game play is solid, hard enough to be a challange without being frustrating and you get great sense of hopelessness and achievment throughout the whole thing.I hope some future update is made to the game to make better use of the above points and fix the very few nickpicky faults the game contains."
76561198030914416,Recommended,282070,13053125,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Godhand3173,"Best This War Of Mine﻿ moment:Got my scavenger, wandering in the Warehouse. Log says there are a lot of materials there. Decided to commit and scavenge some♥♥♥♥♥♥Got to the Warehouse, saw 2 goons. Talking about they got some sweet food, how they threatened some Punks for it. Decided not to mess with them. Stole some stuff silently, but then on the way out. Spotted a 3rd good, was shocked so I tucked tail and ran. Guy got an AK47, got 2 good shots. Scavenger limped out of that place. Got home with Severe wounds.11 Days it took for him to get well. 11 Days it took for him to writhe in Pain. But it only took an hour to get back to that Warehouse and Kill the 3 Goons. Worth it as an Achievement, got to kill 3 guys with only a Kitchen knife. Took their guns, food and more. Tomorrow ill be back to bury those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198161825481,Recommended,282070,13053564,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Drag,"This is a great game,great pics,great storys,great arts,great people and last I love this game!!!!People you must play this game,do play this game.Realy,you must play THIS WAR OF MINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198030905718,Recommended,282070,13053798,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Joketa,"Awesome Game.Highly addictive and emotionally affecting, this game has consumed me all week.After a couple of restarts while getting familiar with the game, I played through to the end of the war. I kept two people alive, while three died. I immediately started a new game with different characters and a winter start. They all got sick in the winter cold. The one strong scavenger went out every night while the others tried to scrape by on what little food, medicine and warmth that could be provided. When supplies became scarce, my scavenger took risks and got picked off by a sniper and died. The others became either terminally ill or emotionally broken. One ended up stealing supplies and running off. Another left the next night. With some fresh rat meat in his belly, the last survivor summoned the strength to go out and trade the remaining weapons for medicine. At a once friendly trading place, he found a bandit instead of a trader. He was shot dead, day 20.This game is grueling. It is the un-Sims. You start out with big ambitions about what you can build and end up just hoping to make it through. This is my favorite game of the last two years."
,Recommended,282070,13053983,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Astalonte,"Amazing game, scroll point and click -like. You will enjoy it. Could be hars and hard to cope someties."
76561198006539456,Recommended,282070,13054122,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,grzesiek.paluch,awesome
,Recommended,282070,12989067,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[SCBFF] Ownage Pwnage,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who appreciates story and struggle.  You ask yourself if it was right to rob that old couple because your companion needed medicine, whether you should have stabbed the gunman who claimed to have destroyed a humanitarian convoy, and whether you should eat or use your last bit of food to hopefully catch a rat to eat."
76561198004344340,Recommended,282070,12989354,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,bocday,I recommend playing this game while eating a sandwich. It's the best of times.
,Recommended,282070,12989387,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Alexius_Hsing,"The game is the best! It created a different point of view for us to look at. Instead the blazing and glory, the developer want to introduce another aspect of war. Survival can be harsh and many decision must be make to survive. I played this several times, and no matter how many time I repeat the same routine., I still feel kinda sorry for robbing the quiet house area. Anyway, Good game, good moral story!"
76561197967623611,Recommended,282070,12989904,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SanGrail,"This game brings style and ""not another zombies"" game breath of life to the Genre :) i HIGHLY recommend you give it a blast!"
,Recommended,282070,12989909,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,2JIN,10/10 would break all my survivors again
,Recommended,282070,12990079,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ayylmoa,"This game is deeply insightful into the moral and survival aspects of a situation where civilians are trapped in a civil war between a corrupt government and a rebel party who kill others in the name overthrowing the corrupt government. You are forced to survive through raids, random events, and a very harsh winter. You build up your house and care for your people during the day, and scavenge at night. However, when scavenging you usually come across others. They are usually neutral to you, sometimes hostile, and even rarer, friendly. You have to the good guy, but sometimes you can't; though it may cost you your life. This is a must have game that all (over the age of 15) should own and play, if only for insights into events going on in the world right now. If only to understand the plight of others when everything goes wrong and there are too many people and not enough resources."
76561198052983827,Recommended,282070,12990561,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Maati,"Half resource management, Half choose your own adventure, All awesome,  Great game I highly recommend it to anyone with some spare cash.  8.5/10"
76561198036226150,Recommended,282070,12990562,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,lb,This game is really addicting. So many decisions to make and resources to manage in order to keep your group alive. It's a lot of fun!
76561198001717825,Recommended,282070,12990753,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Reszort,This is the most addictive and fun to play game for a long time. Oldschool at its finest + very good music and atmosphere. I recommend! :)
,Recommended,282070,12993291,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Deek,This game is so amazing
76561198114227655,Recommended,282070,12993439,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,⚔ - Λ Ȼrimson Ω Ƀlitz Ω - ⚔,"This War Of Mine is a point and click game , I dont usually takes interest in Point and Click games but this had my interest. So i decided to Buy this game!Upon playing it for the first few hours , I really liked this game! This Game focuses on the characters you get and realism , Like If the character kills a person for food or something , they will feel sad or depressed! Etc,For people who are interested in this game, I strongly recommend this game! Those who like Don't Starve , are also most likely interested in this game!I am very satisfied with this game and i have high hope of more , new and exciting Updates coming up!Happy Gaming Everyone~!"
,Recommended,282070,12994208,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,tom23456,"After 2 hours of gameplay, I lost one of my characters, so obviously I rage quit. After this I found that the game has trading cards, and steam had given me 3 with the face of the man who died. I now feel really guilty as if he's haunting me with trading cards. Need to start the game again in order to keep him alive. Deep. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,12994588,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,rock.jonny,"One of those games that leave you thinking, cant say ive played many games like this one it puts you in the centre of it all  and after a couple of days i really did believe that i had to make sure these people survived. As the game got harder and winter came i was unable to trade in the central district meaning i ran out of food and medicine very quickly, all i had was a shotgun with 6 bullets this left me with only one alternative to go and kill the little old couple i had met earlier in the game but was unable to take what they had at the time. This time however i stabbed the old man while his wife looked at me with horror, i let her go as i felt it was too much on my conciounce, as i stole her meds and jewelry it really dawned on me is this what i would do in real war? This game Left me admiring how i live and made me think. An amazing game for £15 10/10!"
76561198114064917,Recommended,282070,12994455,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HealthBar,"I had 3 starting survivors ; Arica, Marin and Katia. The outside enviroment was snowy (This vastly increases the difficulty), and Arica was sick (Sickness is hard to be removed when the indoor temperature is around 0 Celcius. And to make matters worse, it is infectious.). Even though you get a free heater and approximately 20 fuel when the Day 1's weather is snowy, you must burn a lot fuel to raise the temperature to make sick people feel better or prevent them from being sick. And because fuel can be easily made by wood while the stacking of wood is terrible & you need a fuel to cook food as well, you'll have a really hard time when the season is winter (You use components a lot for upgrading and it's inefficient when it comes to making fuel. Books? Actually, it's less common than you think).I had to change a lot of initial plans and focus on heater / stove upgrade for fuel conservation. You could buy woods from Franko while you scavenge other things, but we all know it; he likes to overcharge even for common wood piles. Katia's bargaining skills wasn't that powerful than I though. I didn't want to pay valuable stuffs just for some woods, so my only option was to send Katia to scavenge for both woods and other supplies equally. And she has 12 backpack space, which runs out quickly when ♥♥♥♥ty wood stacking comes into play.Finally, the winter was over at Day 10. But the indoor temperature does not rise suddenly to stable 20 Celcius. It slowly goes up, approximately 2~3 Celcius per day. Because of that, even though Katia became a thief and had stolen quite amount of meds for Arica, she never recovered from sickness.And the thing I feared the most eventually happened. Marin was infected.It was around Day 15. When Katia was doing almost everything while two people were in sickbay, a new survivor joined the family. It was Cevta. For those who don't know, Cevta has the smallest backpack space (8 slots, which doesn't help my situation at all), and her only strength is 'Loves children' and 'No addiction'. These are totally minor skills. Some people say 'Loves children' is efficient when cheering depressed people, but actually, it turned out it isn't. I still don't know the power of addiction in This War of Mine, I've been completely ignoring it since the first playthrough and I still do, because the game didn't punish me for that at all.Bad situation was same till Day 27. Arica was always between sick ~ terminally ill, Marin was always between slightly sick ~ severely ill as well. Cevta's wound during the raid defense was deteriorating. Not to mention that all people were depressed. Some were broken, and Cevta had to cheer them even though she was even dropping her body due to severe pain. It was Katia that was able to actually do something. It always had been, and it was still the same. She was feeding the entire family, including herself.My mind was drained and exhausted. Trying to make a survival plan in the worst situation was a torture to me.I was not a player enjoying a game anymore, I was actually a part of them. Exiting during the game for a rest felt like running away from them. I sat down in front of my computer with expectations when I started my third playthrough, and I never stood up, digressed, ate anything, or went to the bathroom untill I finished the game.Day 27, Arica robbed the family and left them. She stole 2 raw foods, 4 vegetables, a helmet, bulletproof vest, 2 filters, 5 water and a fuel. I was deeply frustrated, and almost gave up.A man came to our shelter and wanted us to keep his 1 herbal med and 2 medicines untill his sister Anna visits us. I accepted. It was so tempting, it'll defintely help Marin, or I could trade it for bandages. But I decided to keep it for Anna.Day 30, Cevta died due to lethal wound. Katia and Marin was broken, so my only option was to watch them cry miserably.Day 31, Marin robbed the family and left Katia.Day 32, Katia was alone. How lucky that she was just depressed and didn't commit suicide. Maybe she still had the final will to survive...I had never taught how to feed a solo survivor before. But still, I tried to focus my mind and not to lose hope, because I knew that I'd come this far and I just wanted to see how it ends. I soon came up with a 'Scavenge - Eat, Make essential tools, Sleep a lot at Day - Scavenge' cycle. Because there were no people to guard the shelter and the valuable resources, Katia had to bring all the supplies to her backpack and scavenge. It was very inefficient, but I had no choice.I somehow managed to pull off some trades for canned food. It was Katia's bargaining skills that helped tremendously. I neglected her skills in the early game, and now it was shining when she was on a verge of death.Day 35, Pavle wanted to stay with her, so I gladly accepted. Unfortunately, he had been shot by a sniper. His initial status was 'Severely ill, sad'. I lost my smile and sighed.There's a good news and a bad news. Want to listen?The good news is, the radio told us that the Ceasefire was coming to end the war. Finally...And the bad news is...Katia was killed at night.She was looking for supplies in the church. Maybe the stress that pressed me made me commit a terrible mistake.....Day 36, Pavle's status was developed to 'Terminally ill, depressed'. He barely moved. This was the end.I lost my last hope, and pressed the 'End the Day' button.Then the war ended.I've survived.-------------------------------------This War of Mine's gameplay is currently balanced. You can have excellent luck at the beginning, but if the player is bad or the ceasefire comes late you may fail. On the other hand, If you had terrible luck in the beginning and the middle term but come up with a great long-going plan and scavenging tactics, you may have a chance to expect a big luck that compensates all the hardship you and your family have gone through.A lot of people don't realize this, but in fact This War of Mine is quite luck dependant. But every single thing happens in our life is basically luck dependant, isn't it? You found this game by transitioning ad that showed you this game at the exact moment, or overhearing a random gamer's compliment about this game.And the true fact is, you always make your own destiny in your life, despite the luck.So make sure your family survive the war, despite the circumstances."
,Recommended,282070,12995061,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Fizgig,It's simplistic when it comes to crafting but beyond that the game is intense. Your choices in approaching any situation has weight to it which add's a distincitve life and death feeling to the game.
,Recommended,282070,12996200,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rob-Rage,"Im loving This War of Mine at the moment, I would have played it all night through until the morning if I didnt have things to do in the real world!A short review -The game has a beautiful feel and feels very well made, with a high level of detail in how the civilians under your control deal with the world around them.They become hungry, tired, ill, wounded, sad, depressed, cold - and it is your job to help them overcome that.As a lover of survival and base building type RPGs I would highly recommend this game!!!"
76561197963455896,Recommended,282070,12996520,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Gilgamesh,Starving to death while watching your friends die simulator. Don't play this game if you are a p*ssy.
,Recommended,282070,12997266,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Wyvern Jack,"It's a strange thing when a game like this is released and the parallels between current events and the topic of the game are   uncomfortably thinly veiled.This game clearly does what it sets out to do: Communicative the absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥situation a civilian caught in the middle of a war where they are no longer a priority would be in. It does this extremely well. The gameplay is simple, the combat can be brutal due to this fact. And the characters are memorable but forgettable in a way that is unique of Survival Atrocity games (Yeah i just made up a subgenre for this deal with it).I'm recommending it purely on that.And i hope you all feel horrible for the people it pays homage too."
76561197988927906,Recommended,282070,12997687,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,BloodPanda,"Great game, very addicting and captivating.Pavle died after being knifed by an old woman, the initial stabbing didn't kill him but he later died from the infection. Katia broke down after Pavle's death and could not be consoled no matter how hard Roman tried. Eventually the rest of the group gave up hope and when the raiders came for their food they laid on the ground and allowed themselves to be killed.The game mechanics are solid however it would drastically benefit from a bit more control over group selection and abilities. Give us the ability to pick our survivors and what skills they possess. Hopefully the game is still being expanded since there is so much more people want to see added.As it stands right now I can't say it is really worth the $20 pricetag for an indie game maybe more like $10-15. Replayability is not very high, gameplay is repetative, scavenge, build, sleep, repeat. Balancing your group is tricky at first...their sanity, hunger and level of fatigue seem to wear out really fast. (possible this needs to be tweeked, seems like survivors get really hungery way to fast.If you have the extra cash and are a fan of survival, inventory management and crafting games pick it up...it's pretty awesome."
,Recommended,282070,13009053,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Schroedinger's hamster,"Eastern Ukraine 2014: The GameI survived the imaginery conflict of 'This War of Mine"" in a 15hrs-long epic one sitting playthroug (okay, I stopped for eating and for other stuff I would rather not talk about) and I have to say wooooooahhhhh. Finally a game that presents war as it should be presented: terrifying. No slow motion massacres, and healing up while hiding behind a crate for five seconds. No, you get what you're supposed to: horrible conditions of living, unimaginable dangers on the street at daylight, no healthcare, no food, no hope. Scavanging is the only way to survive and it's incredibly risky. When you meet hostile forces you have only a very short time to react or hide. Even a few seconds of indecision can be the end of you.And mistakes are final, and there are situations in the game when there's absolutely no chance of survival unless you just get the hell out, because you have no chance against rifle-wielding goons in body armour with you crowbar and pistol combo.As a civilian in the combat zone, you're more vulnerable than any zombie-survivor character from any zombie-survivor game. You're not a hero of a grand adventure, you're just a tiny part of grim statistics. And your actions will decide that you're ragged group of survivors will be the on the list of casualties or survivors."
,Recommended,282070,13009082,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ho13k,GREAT GAME!
76561198142633092,Recommended,282070,13009163,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,EdwardPenisHands,Sadly and Beautiful
76561198127149633,Recommended,282070,13009223,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Mr douchebag,"very good game would recommen to play, havent finished yet ;( but its fun and doesnt get boring after a while! ;)"
76561198127973255,Recommended,282070,22055212,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Indianna32,One of my favorite games. No matter how much I play I always find myself back for more. If you have the money to spare then pick it up. Honestly it is worth it.
76561198008065808,Recommended,282070,27549876,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,efra™,Everytime I open this game I feel a shiver running down my spine... Makes me feel so sad...
76561198089120950,Recommended,282070,27549962,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BunnyBz,"Firstly, this game is not my type at all.But when i saw many review and suggested by other to try it out, it's already change my mind !This game is really great and very realistic that shows both side of humanity.And now.. this game already sales off 80%.It's very good chance to purchase and try by yourself to imaged your characteristic to protect your habitat !"
,Recommended,282070,27556167,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Custom,Great use of time!
,Recommended,282070,27552973,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ki11ua,"I have played this game for 5 hours in total and I have already decided that is the game to play whenever I think of survining in war and refugees to be. That's how big is the impact of this game to me. And where I live, everyday we have to at least mention  them."
76561198137361815,Recommended,282070,27551028,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SearingRouge8,"To be honest this game actually made me feel sad when I lost a survivor, only because I was out of cover | | this much. This is just one of the many things this game has done right. I would highly recomend it to anyone that wants to try and experience what it is like for civillians in a war zone."
,Recommended,282070,27504914,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Captain Fluffy,"I've been wanting to play is game since it was featured in ""Games you might not have tried"" by Extra Credtis. Much time has past and I finally came about and bought it, and I am happy I did. I like games about war, but my problem is, I don't like games full of action as much. I like games where I can lay back and let the story sink in. And this game is exactly that, an unwonding story that you are responsable of. I have to admit, I've been though multiple games now, because I always end up with my charaters dead sooner than later, but the game makes me want to survive this war, no mater what decisions I might need to make."
76561198033496390,Recommended,282070,27545842,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arivae,Sad Very Sad
76561197963791098,Recommended,282070,27546004,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Enki,Excellent
76561198059962624,Recommended,282070,26124890,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Traitorsfolly,"Ok, story time (first playthrough)Three survivors in a war torn city... no food, water, or supplies in any safe area.Your home is out of everything. No guns, no food, or water. Just your survivors and three knives.You decide to send one of your men out into the more dangerous parts of the city.  You quitetly move the character around an abandoned building.  Then you soon realize... it's not abondoned!You see footsteps all around your character... then a door opens.A bandit armed with a shotgun one taps your character... he dies.One of your favorite suriviors dies before your eyes...The game shifts to the next screen ""day 40"", fades black thenThe war has ended... in the background a dirty arm and hand put out a peace sign.I criedThe endOne of my personal favorite games, and a must have if you like the whole point and click sruvival type games.They also added a free dlc with new characters and locations."
76561198009542109,Recommended,282070,27544463,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,buzzsaw,Life Simulator 2016
,Recommended,282070,27903628,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,superjamie,Probably the best survival management game available anywhere at the moment.
76561198044813924,Recommended,282070,27897921,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cunno Muja,"An amazingly deep, and dark game that makes you think ""Just how bad could my life really be?"" I love this game. It's challenging and rewarding, at the same time. Beatiful game."
76561198284711313,Recommended,282070,27895056,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nani?,best survival strategy ever
76561198095227985,Recommended,282070,27902109,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JaguarChief,One of the best games I ever played.
,Recommended,282070,27890140,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,unjoined,What happens if you play this game but you already have depression? Let's find out!
76561198025260710,Recommended,282070,27940787,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mistermor,"This game is a dark vivid simulation of being a refugee. full of frightning atmosphere, relatively easy to use interface. good story and story progression, impressive graphics. Highly recommanded."
,Recommended,282070,27940935,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,~ 42,"It is the best (actually) casual game I've played a while. The story takes you over than you expected. You will feel the people in the games. How they feel, how they do to survive in the war period.THIS IS A MUST HAVE ONE!"
76561198058075753,Recommended,282070,13521950,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,pazartesi_gorusuruz,"Live the war from a civilian's perspective. It plays much like a war-time Sims, if you will. But really different. It's also just too damn realistic.Lead a random group of survivors ranging from 1-5 (with completely random attributes). They need to eat, they get sick, they get wounded, they become unhappy. You house is attacked at random during night time. War may end early or not. Whoever's dead is dead.10/10 you can melt snow."
,Recommended,282070,27939892,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bold Impression,"Please note: I am posting this for the Autumn/Steam Awards Badge. Full review is in the works. Consider this a teaser. Will update this with the full review when it is complete.This Wareof Mine won’t melt your face, but it will melt your brain. You will die like a dog for no good reason, the game warns. And you will. You will fight, with only a shovel, an armed soldier about to♥♥♥♥♥♥a woman, and you will die, and no one will see you die, and no one will care, and no one will bury your body, and no one will write to your family saying what a great and brave person you were. Or you will not fight that soldier. And you will not die. And no one will see you. And no one will care."
,Recommended,282070,13025463,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Lanaflux,"I have completed this game three times so far, each experience has been unique unto itself. My only issue is the lack of harder difficulties, and the repetition of sequences when out scavenging at night. I would still highly recommend this game, because it does offer huge replayability which many indie games lack. I love getting different sets of characters to play with, and for many who don't know you can have more than 4 characters. I completed a game with five!! This game does have an ending, the war has to end sometime right? I have finished twice at 36 days, and my first was 45 days. I have this suspicion that the day the war ends depends on if you help your neighbors/keep people healthy/only kill thugs not civies. My first play through I was killing and stealing, and barely scraping by and it ended at 45 days. Anyways I wish deeply the game had not ended, I wish it had an endless mode. This game, and how it makes me feel is all I have been thinking about night and day. Pick this game up, you will not regret it. If you love survival crafting games, this is perfect for you."
76561198062581238,Recommended,282070,13025636,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,jjdashazi,"This game is realistic, but i think there are one  improvement they can make: allow the player to choose the game's difficulty. Due to its realistic property, as a new player. I find it hard for me to survive as the time goes on. The best record for me is 24 days ( One of my crew got shot down by rifle, after that, boris was frozen to death, Arica got depressed so she stole all food and meds and disappeared, all I got left was a sick & very hungry person) As I could not survive for a long time under current difficulty, I can not really enjoy this game as all I do is to start a new game, then all my crew died, and I start a new game AGAIN.... I really wanna see how i can build my base, and see what i can do in this game. Therefore, I think it is reasonable for players who are new to this game to be able to choose the level of difficulty as this will improve their gaming experience. Please consider my suggestion."
,Recommended,282070,13026356,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mouth,"Gripping atmosphere, beautiful design and imagery, and satisfying gameplay.  One of my favorite games of this year and even further.  Cannot recommend enough."
,Recommended,282070,13026905,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,vodolaz095,Super!
76561198050020408,Recommended,282070,13028940,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Twain,"An interesting mouse playable moral orienteted survival game. Many reviews say that the game becomes boring due to being able to scavenge with only one person and people complain that the bag space is too small. Sure maybe it would be better if you were allowed to use multiple scavengers but I find the bag space appropriate due to people not being able to carry much in real life anyway. The game splits into staying in a house at day time 7:00am to 8:00 pm and night time around the map from 09:00pm to 5:00am.For gameplay and spoilers I will say this: you start out with 2+ people and more can arrive later on in the game. The most ive had in a house at one time is 5 at the moment. There are at least 10 characters that I have met. Some of them have good specials and some are ordinary and fairly weak in ability. The seasons change from warm to cold to snow. You cant distil water so you melt it in the cold and you need to warm the place up with fire. Random events occur during the day which include requests for aid, free stuff, traders, options and new members to your group. The map itself opens up slowly at every few nights. War and snow can block sites youve already visited or should be able to visit. And it has a decent amount of randomness so each play through is definately different from the previous."
76561197960689722,Recommended,282070,13029475,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,AshMaker,"This game is awesome and has HUGE replay value.  You can't save, making each action and inaction meaningful.  However, it will save if you exit the game, so you can pick up where you left off.  The game is dark and fun.  Its entertaining and thought provoking.  I highly recommend this game!"
76561198098007424,Recommended,282070,13029684,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Koba.Quads,"Amazing game that really gives new breath to survival genre. Its hard and unforgiving, but once you figure things out and succeed you will that it was earned. Game worth $20."
76561197984507900,Recommended,282070,13424085,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,GeiriTyr,Awesome game that puts you in the mindset of refugees in a war environment. This game MAKES you feel their struggle to survive. I drove Marko to suicide on my second playthrough and it affected me like no other game has before. The survivors actually have emotion-- They are changed emotionally when you wrong another. It gives them depth and makes them feel human. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for something new.
76561198098793586,Recommended,282070,13424204,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MEGA RADU,"Best game ever! The story behind every character is amazing;it is written in much detail. This game gets very good updates and patches. On the downside, it's a bit system demanding (my computer is pretty decent when it comes to gaming).P.S - finishing the war is pretty difficult! Took me a very long time, everyone was almost dead..."
,Recommended,282070,13424844,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Veldt,"The aestetic and mechanics worked well togeather and put me in the mindset of survival in a city under seige.  The modern timeframe is a good setting and makes you reflect on what's happened in Syria.  Many emotionally engauging scenes - quite a trip.Once the emotion of the setting passes it turns a lackluster stratagy and optimization game. Quit when that happens. Highly reccomended, but I'd wait for the price to drop (Bought at $20)."
76561198159385448,Recommended,282070,13425071,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,adamspiv444,"You guys just posted a new update for This War Of Mine today (12/17/14) and won't start up. I love this game 10/10 and I want to play it right now and can't, can you guys fix this please? Thank you!"
,Recommended,282070,13425113,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Jack P,A very descriptive game about how people survive through the mean time of war.
,Recommended,282070,13425258,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Kohaku,Fun and addicting!
76561198032011839,Recommended,282070,13425286,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Pete Top,My first kill was a priest.It was not the last.My first death was trying to stop a girl from beng♥♥♥♥♥♥♥It was not the last.
,Recommended,282070,13425985,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Vandiir,"A depressing look on that era, but a cool use of mechanics and interesting presentation of consequences. Truely, a game i'll be playing for ages."
,Recommended,282070,13426674,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,sjgold,"Is it a good game, yes very much so....Is it happy and fun, no... no its not. Very satisfying game play, but this one makes you have feels... lots of feels, unless your a sociopath that is...."
76561198106595343,Recommended,282070,13427322,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Qha,"This game costed a lot more expensive since I'm living in Malaysia, however I do not have any regrets buying this game. This game generally ""pits"" you into a real situation of war and every decision you make affects your survivor(s) one way or another depending on the types of decision you make.This is by far one of the best game mechanics I've actually enjoyed and it is truly a very well developed game.Highly advice for almost everyone who has the time(and money) to buy and try this game. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,282070,13428151,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ultra Rare Meme,"Really good game that simulates the horrors of war and make you question and rethink your decisions. However, it is definitely not finely tuned and a lot of aspects need improving. In order to better improve gameplay, I believe the community has made several suggestions and I really hope the developers can seriously take into account these suggestions and implement them to make TWOM a truly great experience of a horror/war-time survival sim.1: Backpacks as a rare find (I mean having more invent slots is definitely a big plus) (You could even make big ,small backpacks and rucksacks etc.2. More characters. I would really prefer an algorithm to characters instead of dead-fixed scripted ones as it would make game play much more interesting. For example, characters have random attributes (traits) but personality stays the same . A great reference would be the characters you can recruit in State of Decay3. Silencers as an item. I mean using guns are extremely pointless due to the sound it makes, making it a bad choice for raiding military/thug hideouts. Having a silencer implemented means more tactical combat is possible instead of mindless shooting or sneaking and feeling absolutely powerless in certain situations4. A new mode. Many games have a ""hard"" mode aside from the normal mode, which makes things much harder. Do not get me wrong, this game is really difficult and many people would have difficulty completing the game. Instead, you could implement a ""longer"" war mode which makes the war twice as long (roughly 80 days). This mode could feature extra locations you can only explore whilst playing this mode ...5. More furnishing.  Yes sure the war is short, but if the developers ever make a ""hard"" mode, I feel that players need more freedom in tactical survival. Having more options to buildings can make the game even more challenging and allow players to develop their decision making skills and exercise reasoning and logic. This could be in the form of niche buildings that you can construct from a new workshop which improve the comfort of your shelter (Makeshift gyms, library, toilet?) or basic security features like say a guarding post or barbed wires etc.6. More items in general. After the first playthrough, people realise the general strategy to completing the game. Having more items that affects the game can definitely change that and each playthrough the need for certain items will change, making the game have replay value and making each playthrough an unique one. This could be implemented in the form of more variety of food, medicine or a completely new section of items that could be basic necessity items such as toothbrushes/combs etc.7. Lastly, many players find the entire trait system extremely confusing. My suggestion is to improve tooltips and have hints littered in the gameplay that hints to the player what each character's trait can benefit/harm the survivors. Having tooltips to more items will certainly help new players get a better grasp of the game and wont make the first play through a confusing and painful struggle.Also, thanks for the recent update! I do hope the devs could keep it up and improve this game further! In my opinion this is one of the best sim games! ""8.5/10"" :)"
,Recommended,282070,13323742,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Wolf,"Great challenge, great game, great atmosphere.Tips:Cveta will trick you into opening the front door on account of she looks like a burly man, or perhaps the roaming trader.Cveta steals your precious, precious rat meat in between her bi-daily naps.Long live Ulraznavia, and may you never deal with Cveta's pouty face.10/10"
76561198003553024,Recommended,282070,13353035,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TheCrispyDud,"You control people in a manner much like the sims or a point and click adventure. High tension, tough decisions, and a dark atmosphere. Really can't recommend this enough."
76561197962464270,Recommended,282070,13353154,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ein Name wie kein Name,"While the game mechanics are quite simple, this is an entertaining game which shows the result of war."
76561198123629613,Recommended,282070,13354186,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mckittibles Northwood Gunhry IV,"Tried to stop some soldier from sexually assaulting some lady, Got shot when i shanked him. 10/10"
,Recommended,282070,13355828,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,meshoe2,"Very fun, and really makes you think and feel.  Liked it more than most other games I've played"
,Recommended,282070,13356595,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,xDalethx,"This game is emotionally wrenching. Not many games can make me actually feel sad, but this game portrays war in such a profound way that I found myself choking back tears throughout my playthroughs.It isn't an easy game at all, and the challenge may be a turn-off for gamers that just want to experience the story, but if you can figure out how to play well, you're in for an absolute treat."
,Recommended,282070,13357524,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Geogman89,A true SURVIVAL game. Not survival horror like Resident Evil or survial action like DayZ. This game is about the day to day struggle to survive as a civilian in a warzone. Gathering supplies and fortifing your hideout.
76561198037828522,Recommended,282070,13358435,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,C. Black,"Dramatic, deep, beautiful, immersive 1 of a kind game with an idea that i never have seen before, playing as a civilian during a war, making the very painful decisions and sacrifices.Really reminds me of people in a real conflict on the Balkans, even this game is supposed to simulate real survival in a war zone i cannot even try to imagine what are really people going through in real situations, but this game will give you an idea of that.This game will make you think twice about war and may even make you realize how senseless it is, if you think you can shoot your way through the game, you're wrong, coz how long would you be able to kill people guilty or innocent civilians before breaking down in tears, thinking what would your familly say to that.Just play the game and remember the motto from it: ""Not everyone is a soldier"" , before playing any other shooter game and most of all before supporting any real warThis game is a masterpiece and a must have gem,"
76561198078121071,Recommended,282070,13358834,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ToasterFrog,"Two weeks into surviving the war just barely, food became the problem. One of the members of the group grew increasingly desperate and as a result went at a building occupied by bandits with nothing but a knife. He walked away  wounded and empty handed, but he also left a building full of dead bandits behind him. The other members of his group went back and scavenged what was left behind, all the while he stayed in his bed healing, happy that there was food for everyone, as well as weapons recovered from the bandits./ This game is easily one of the best games i have played in a very long time."
,Recommended,282070,13375215,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,robodair,Addictive and punishing. Hooked on the story from the first moment to the last.
76561198084521241,Recommended,282070,13375256,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ylqx1997,"It is a good game but not good enough for its price. It's very hard if you are playing it for the first time, you just have to die a few times before you figure out how things work. It tells a story about 'a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city', you can really feel how the group respond to different events. However, when it comes to individuals, though I can see the effort is made (every character has their own story and different traits), the lack of immersion in the individual level  is shown, players think more as a group rather than each individuals. I can't tell if this is intended or not, but in my opnion this is a flaw. Also, if more randomization and customisation (difficulties, customized characters and skill system) can be added this will be a great game. Once again this is a good game and is a very special one, but it is NOT great, there are still lots of improvements to be made."
76561198012840797,Recommended,282070,13375299,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,﴾ ┘ꚛ└ ﴿ -AdmirableBoot,"so much fun, just wish there was an endless mode."
,Recommended,282070,13375336,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Ckerinator,"Spent the first 4 days trying to get enough food and supplies stored so my survivors would not perish, ran out on the 5th. Watched one survivor die of an infection on the 6th and another of starvation on the 8th. Very intense and eerie game that keeps you on your toes and gives the player an insight into the horrors that civillians experience whilst under siege in war. would highly recommend."
