user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,282140,18282886,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gitorian,"Thank god for developers like Frictional Games, that are willing to take the risk and time to explore more complex themes and ideas. SOMA isn't perfect, but once the screen fades to black for the last time it makes up for any deficit. It sets an impossible standard for most indie developers.This was not the game I was expecting. If, like me, you have only glimpsed some early build trailers, then the design has clearly changed. Placed underwater, amongst the remains of humanity, you must come to grips with almost a century of change, and ultimately redefine the term human. Talking robots, mechanized humans and corrupted marine life all play their role in convincing you that something has gone horribly wrong.Frictional maintain a number of elements from their previous outings, including physics based puzzles. Almost any object can be grabbed, dropped and thrown; levers can be pulled; wheels can be twisted; doors pulled or pushed open. The concept lends a welcome tactile nature to the story which, sadly, falls back on a familiar trope: your all alone, EXCEPT for a voice to guide you. While you identify the owner of the voice, and ultimately take on their objective as your own, it still feels like a commitment to revealing the story through environment and atmosphere would have strengthened the isolation, making searching out information a puzzle in itself.The look and setting of SOMA will bring obvious comparisons to Bioshock, but it's tenuous link at best. Skulking through the confined, industrialized corridors of Pathos II feels far removed from the Art Deco inspired, living spaces afforded to Rapture. No guns and plasmids, only exploring and hiding.Worth a special mention is the sound design, music and voice acting. Certain games lend themselves to headphones more than others, and you would be doing a disservice not to use them in this case. The effect is universally excellent in creating a sense of place, whether the groan of stressed metal or the muted, calm of the seafloor.Previous Frictional releases have relied on enemies to provide constant tension and scares, leaving you cowering in darkened corners. SOMA's mechanized enemies don't appear as frequently, and tend to be solo when they do, but I personally found them to be frustrating. My main issue was their completely random nature. In one example I was left with the enemy blocking my only way forward, unresponsive to sound or light, and refusing to budge until I ran at it, died and restarted past that point. While they are fitting to the story and environment, I couldn't help but feel they may not have been necessary, and instead the developer felt pressured to include them.There are some other issues, I experienced, that may or may not concern others. Loading times are looooong (up there with The Witcher 3), with intermittent loading occuring at strange intervals. Pacing is slower in the first half than the more compelling second. Objectives are not marked which leads to wandering and backtracking trying to find items and puzzles to solve.The best test of the success of an idea is how it stays with you afterward. Like Life Is Strange, SOMA has remained with me since finishing, debating the choices I made and trying to reconcile the events into chronological order. It's Frictional's best story yet, offering a rich message that never takes away from the terror of playing. In fact, that message questioning what it means to be human, is SOMA's most terrifying element. The game isn't perfect, none are, but if an amazing story, wrapped in an absorbing atmosphere and sprinkled with puzzles is your thing, then it's an easy choice."
76561198001825809,Recommended,282140,32039341,Posted: 29 May,all,Farerro,"10/10 one of the best gaming experiences in my life. . . . .I Don't normally post reviews, but this game man . . . .. . . . this is nothing like I've ever played. If you're not a horror fan I still suggest you still grab it and fight through the scary parts, which aren't too bad IMO, some of them are a bit of an annoyance but it does the job well; it's more of a psychological thriller anyway, plus you can mod out the scarier parts if you wish.I'm not really a fan of horror but I heard good things about this game and am sooo glad I went through with it. This should be the standard of story telling in any medium not just games and with the range of recycled formulas and sequels this deserves your attention and the developers deserve your money.However if you are unable to spend the money and really REALLY struggle with playing horror games alone I suggest watching an online walkthrough as the game and story needs to be shared and experienced. The gameplay is pretty typical of other indie titles, as it's primarily based on player interactions as well as uncovering and exploring things within the environment.With the excellent voice acting and a superb soundtrack, mixed with the intensity of your situation; brilliantly intensifies the passionate emotions you feel throughout the game (subjectively of course). Without spoiling anything the game makes you more receptive and sensitive to these odd feelings posed by philosophical questions, mixed with fear and dread the game opens you up and makes you vulnerable to these emotions and ideas.﻿In summary, as it's hard to explain without spoiling anything; if you're into brilliant witting, atmosphere, acting, mixed with suspense, then this is the game for you. I really can't stress how good this is (I understand these things are subjective) it's worth slogging the game for the ending alone (my god what an ending) also the devs need more support. I'd be happy if the devs moved away from horror and focused on more immersing story telling experiences, but I know that's not what brought them to popularity in the first place. I hope they continue down this path though.Buy the Game. These types of titles are few and far between (for any entertainment medium).10/10 one of the best gaming experiences in my life."
,Recommended,282140,18158209,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Yanka,"Like a lot of players, I wanted to put my claws on SOMA for quite some time now. Yesterday I launched the game and finished it in one session. It took me___exactly 10___hours to finish it. A night has passed and I think I can share my thoughts now:GOOD ASPECTSWhen you look back to Penumbra and Amnesia games, SOMA offers anenormousevolution visually speaking. The underwater world is very nicely done, whether it's in the ocean or in the facilities. A labyrinth area reminded me of a map near the end of Penumbra BP.The story is all about sci-fi and psychological themes about life, death and continuity. It takes its importance within the game and I must say I enjoyed it more than I expected to.The monsters you'll have the pleasure to meet have different behaviors and attacks, which is better than just the classic ""I patrol, I see/hear you, I search you, I run at you"". Nice designs.Ambiance in the levels is often close to some areas in Doom 3, Bioshock and even Dead Space, level design speaking. A nice thing.The voices! Voiiiices!! Very nice addition!Sound effects are well processed, you can feel the hard work here.Choices & actions can be hard to make at different times!If you suffer from claustrophobia, the more you progress in the game,the deeper you'll get in the ocean and it's a great feeling! Is it?Modding tools included!The ending!!NOT-SO-GOOD ASPECTSTextures are sometimes very low: is it a bug or not? Will it be corrected? We'll see, after all, game just came out.Optimization problems: SOMA worked without ANY problem for me but I see that some people have poor FPS problems on decent configurations, so this will be improved and patched soon of course.Puzzles a bit simple.No classic inventory. This will annoy some players for sure, personally it did not.Monstersare easy to avoid/escape if you're accustomed to Penumbra/Amnesia games.Game is too easy... well it's focused on story... so I guess it's ok?Less horror... but it has its stressful moments.The ending!!To conclude, you don't need to be a fan of previous Frictional Games works to play SOMA.This game is an ambitious turn for its creators and I believe it is a successful one, good job!Visually, it's lovely. The SOMA universe & story are pretty fine.If you are a fan of Bioshock and other games I named earlier here, you should give it a try, you'll like the ambience.Mandatory recommendation to the lovers of the genre!"
,Recommended,282140,18302023,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,🎃 halloweave 🎃,10/10pros:-spooky-makes you think about lifecons:-makes you think about life
,Recommended,282140,18217261,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,J o n e x,"Soma was a truly incredible experience for me. From start to finish it kept my attention, and constantly made me think. Think about the story, about the characters, the situation, and most importantly, about what it means to be human. It’s a very appealing theme for a video game that I haven’t seen in games before (although I do realize there have been many films/books made about the topic).Made by Frictional games, the same developers of Amnesia the Dark Descent, I had high expectations for pretty much everything. They didn’t let me down. The new HPL 3 Engine looks amazing, and gave me some of the most atmospheric moments I’ve ever had in gaming. The sound design is top notch, and the voice actors are definitely worth commending. Although there aren’t many characters in the game, those that do feature, pull off incredible performances.Although the game had several scary moments, I personally found one part towards the end of the game absolutely terrifying. It’s safe to say that I really enjoyed the pacing of the game and how everything became particularly more intense as I progressed.Probably the only criticism I can make is the length of the game, which I felt was a bit short. A lot of reviewers criticized the puzzles, but I personally enjoyed them all for the most part.Soma is definitely worth playing if you enjoy survival horror. But even if you’re new to survival horror, I’m certain you’ll find this game worthwhile."
,Recommended,282140,28333491,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Johnny Truant,"Came for a good scare, left doubting my own existence."
,Recommended,282140,18943499,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BlackDragon17,"Honestly, SOMA is one of the best games I've ever played.When playing non-multiplayer games I tend to completely immerse myself in the game world, forget my real surroundings. That's why I have never played a horror game and did not intend to ever touch one - I can't handle that stress. But then Frictional Games announced SOMA. Being a big enthusiast of the concept of Artificial Consciousness, the themes Frictional showed off two years ago got me very, very interested in the game to the point I kinda ignored it's a horror game the best I could.Now, that the game's finally released, I couldn't ignore it being a horror game anymore. What's worse: forcing myself to actually play a horror game for the first time in my life even though I don't like them; or not experiencing the game based on my favorite themes in person that I waited two years for.It took a great bit of struggle, and it was by far the most terrifying experience I've ever had, but I played SOMA from start to finish the way it was meant to be played (alone at night etc), and god I'm glad I forced myself through it. Even though I developed unreasonable expectations over the time prior to launch, they were all met. I wasn't disappointed, in fact, I was surprised at how great the experience was (apart from the horror). I really enjoyed the atmosphere, I loved the world it's set in (there are so many awesome things about Pathos-II it's unbelievable), and, most importantly, I was amazed by the story.I still keep coming back to SOMA, keep thinking about it. I even decided to replay the first few parts recently because I love being in Pathos-II so much. In my opinion, the way SOMA ended does allow a further continuation of the story, and I really hope Frictional does something with it. I need more SOMA.TLDR: WAU that was good."
76561198049193507,Recommended,282140,32154626,Posted: 3 June,all,Night,This game made me question my own humanity.10/10 Would weep again.
76561197968514473,Recommended,282140,23958780,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Meat-King©®,"“Reality is that, which when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away.”SOMA is a science fiction survival horror game played from a first-person perspective and developed by the company Frictional Games, who are also responsible for the Amnesia and Penumbra series.Atmosphere & gameplay:+ Instead of combat the player progresses through puzzle-solving, exploration and the use of stealth.+ It primarily utilises elements of psychological horror instead of conventional scares.+ Eerie environments and remarkable sound design fill the game with dread, and provide a chilling feeling.+ Each encounter with a monster reflects an aspect of the game’s theme.- In the middle of the game, the protagonist leaves a stun gun behind, which negatively influences the credibility of this survival game.Characters & story:++ Engaging, inspiring and thought-provoking story about artificial intelligence and human nature.+ Remarkable character development of the protagonist.+ Impressive writing and voice acting.o The potential of most side characters remains untapped.Summary:SOMA is one of these rare games that will leave a mark on the consciousness. Its immersive atmosphere creates an intense identification of the player with the protagonist. The proof of quality of a true masterpiece, and a reference point for future games.Achievements:Estimated time for 100 % completion: +8 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 10Multiplayer achievements: none"
76561198072433609,Recommended,282140,25421214,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,speed_brownie,"When you finish it... you don't know what to do, you don't know what to think. It truly messes with your head. You contemplate what your character is, and isn't. You wonder if you did the right thing. You question if you're real, and meaningful. And you don't know. At least, you shouldn't.I could spout out crap like this and make an extra long review, but you should just get this game. If you're squeamish about monsters chasing you, it might be difficult to finish, but none of them are terribly hard to bypass. Push through it. You will be rewarded."
76561198045183265,Recommended,282140,34270015,Posted: 15 August,all,NepNep,"Quite possibly one of the best games i've ever played.Incredibly well written story, very nice gameplay, and excellent sound design are all essential parts of this gameIt has such a great atmosphere, any fan of horror/sci-fi needs to play this game.For people worried about this being a jumpscare-fueled shallow horror game, fear not. There are only a few ""jumpscares"" throught the whole game, the primary method of stress and fear being good enemy AI and the feeling of isolation and helplessness that this game is excellent at.Definitely worth it"
76561197999775722,Recommended,282140,18188395,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Siberian,"As a huge fan of horror and adventure games in general that tell an explorative and deep story, I was simply blown away by the quality of the content that the game offered. I was expecting great things from Frictional knowing that they had come from Amnesia the Dark Descent and I was not disappointed. They have made huge leaps in story depth, environment design and character development. Everything that I can think of that made Amnesia great is present as well as a new and original concept for a psychological horror game that gives it a completely new and chilling basis.If you're a fan of horror in general, this game is a must have. I was engrossed from the very beginning up until the end and while there may not be as many scares as there were in Amnesia and Frictional's older Penumbra series, the game's pace, continuity and development is even more sinister and unsettling.I don't write reviews but for gems like this, it is a pleasure. I'd rate the game a solid 9/10 with no real let downs other than perhaps the lower frequency of those truly horrific chases and scares. In the end, the balance felt just right and you get plenty of opportunity to ponder over the game's questions and enjoy its beautiful environments before being thrown back into a spiral of terror.Highly recommended for those looking for a meaningful story, outstanding immersion and some good ol' andrenalin."
,Recommended,282140,18400726,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Eludium,"Let me get this straight ahead and confirm that the wait for SOMA was, 100%, well-worth it. Frictional delivers yet another masterpiece. I even dare say they followed the saying: ''There's always room for more.'', after their fantastic Amnesia series.What we got from them here is one of those existential questioning games... combine that with horror, well-suited atmosphere,incrediblesound effects and you get a memorable gem.SOMA has less enemy encounters than Amnesia, but I say it's for a good cause. What it lacks in terms of monsters, it completely delivers with the story. I'd say they got the perfect balance between hiding and actual advancing through the events. More encounters would have made me forget about the plot and it would have gotten unimmersive.But when there is a monster showing around, expect it to be a challenging part. No more hiding in a corner and waiting for it to leave as in previous games, as SOMA's creatures are not just randomly going away after a while. They'll stay in your path and you have to carefully progress through the chambers and remember the map, in order to get away safe and sound.I did mention this is more of an existentional questioning game. I can't dig deeper into details on this one as it would all lead to story-breaking spoilers. Heck, even the premise of it is a spoiler. All I can say is that it successfully made me question what it is to be a human and what distinguishes us from artificial intelligences --robots-- .What I also loved about it was its length. 13 hours to finish an indie game is nothing short of amazing and I didn't even stay to read all notes and journals. I'll definitely give this game a second playthrough.The inventory has been massively simplified since Amnesia and the sanity/health system is also changed. Looking at some monsters for too long will give away your position and health can be restored at healing places throughout the journey.Technically speaking, the game suffers from a poor optimization. I was getting massive frame drops in some places. Visually it does not excel either. But I can get past these issues coming from a small company. On the other side, I haven't encountered many bugs nor grammatical errors and kudos to the developers for taking their time and patching up their game!*End-game debate incoming (definitely spoilers ahead); please skip to next paragraph for general personal rating if you haven't completed the game yet.*The feeling that was following me up to the very end was one of déjà vu. There is another game out there that raised the exact same questioning:The Talos Principle. Apocalypse, AI that would replace the mankind and would live through a new aeon? These two games are as if set in the same universe. If you put away the gameplay of them, you will notice that they both follow the same plot.Is artificial intelligence capable of replacing the human brain? In SOMA, a group of scientists work in projecting it on digital chips. The Talos Principle follows a similar path, with one AI already constructed and left in sleep mode until it proves that it acts andthinkshumanlike.In both games you are playing as a virtual mind placed into a carcass, in order to continue human legacy. Could these two games be set in the same world? The similarities between them are astonishing.Also, SOMA's concept of replicating someone's mind is extremely intriguing. Are you the first AI copy of Simon after his death? Like in the end of the game, where he is duplicated and a part of him remains alone for an eternity on a wasted planet, while the other rests forever in the ARK, on a digital island.. The main character could very well not be the first copy of his brain awoken.Pros:+ Excellent plot and an overall amazing storyline. The journey that the player takes from the beginning to the end never ceased to amaze me.+ Incredible sound effects. Not just one time have I thought some environment sounds are actually coming from my room.+ Perfect mix of horror and story telling.+ Impressively long while still maintaining to not get boring.+ Great puzzles that add to the core, just like in the Amnesia series.+ The atmosphere perfectly blends in.+ The voice acting is also well-crafted.+ More types of monsters with different behaviors. They also have some great sound effects implemented, you will hear them if they're wandering on a nearby corridor or if they have detected you.+ Overall balanced difficulty. Does not make the player replay the same area countless of times due to dying, but is also thought as to not be rushed through with ease.+ Does continue Frictional's unique horror style.Neutral:+/- Different system of health and sanity, like shortly described above. Some players may welcome the changes with open arms, while others may dislike it compared to the old one from Amnesia: The Dark Descent.+/- Depending on everyone's tastes, I suppose the game suffers from a lack of replayability.+/- Enemy AI. They're not brainless, but nothing amazing about their thinking either.Cons:- Poor optimization... may encounter frame drops, stutter and even freezes in some areas, even while lowering the settings.- Infinite battery flashlight. A similar system to the one from older Frictional titles would also suit SOMA better in my opinion and would add to the difficulty.- Uhm... where's the enemy robots? I was disappointed to only encounter the big machines with flashlights 2 or 3 times and only in the first quarter of the game... They were some great enemies in my opinion and would have surely also suited some other areas.- Can get extremely frustrating to cope with the visual screen tearing while the monster is chasing you. Later on in the game, you're almost always getting caught by it if he sees you, anyway.SOMA is a must for anyone that loved Frictional's other games. For the others, this is a great decision if you're looking for a thrilling story with scary elements and atmosphere. I definitely not regret pre-ordering this one and I want to thank the developers for bringing in another masterpiece to Steam.Personal rating: 91/100 - Amazing"
,Recommended,282140,18390516,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Mr. Dusk,"From the makers of one of the most horrifying game series such as Penumbra and Amnesia, comes their new game SOMA.Which for me..it was a great game no doubt but sadly it just didn't feel as scary or challenging as its previous contestants, which of course I will explain in detail.SOMA is the story of a simple man named Simon living in Ontario who gets called to do a special project, what he doesn't know is that he is about to embark on a brain scan train ride to hell as he wakes up under the sea in a base all deserted and alone...or is he? As he will now have one chance of saving humanity by going throughout the sea main bases and with the help of a friend, launch the ARK into space.Gameplay wise it is what you will expect from Frictional Games as you go through the story solving puzzles and avoiding the creatures and experiments within. You are just a powerless bug as your only means of inventory is basically the Omnitool which helps you get around the base to areas that were previously locked or they serve as little hubs with your friend Catherine which you encounter a little later in the game as she will be your only means of contact throughout.You will spend the time hiding and running from monsters as well as solving the puzzles to advance.Now let me get the problems out of the way, as I said, in the previous games the monsters were overall creative, smart, and scary. Sorry to say this but in SOMA, these are the most boring and uninterested monsters of all, I do not know if this was only in my game but half of these monsters act like they don't even want to hurt you or kill you at all, I was literally in the half way marker of the game trying to get a elevator chip upgrade while avoiding a ""brown fungus gel"" monster and when I made noise in the next room in a WELL LIT room and in a corner with OPEN SPACE, he literally pulled a derp move and acted like I wasn't there! I could tell he was probably like 3 feet away from me because your screen will start to glitch rapidly, then all of a sudden I could hear his footsteps move away, because in this game there is no means of hiding anywhere like in Amnesia, you just have to stay in the shadows and run like mad if they do manage to finally kill you.Another thing that was kind of annoying was that also in previous games you could interact with your enviornment to solve the puzzles like hitting boxes to find extra stuff or moving this ladder to get up a level, well that is sorta taken out in this game as most of the interaction comes from picking up cortext chips and keeping them in a shallow inventory system which by the way, everything must be made of titanium because nothing will ever break, even the glasses. Minor thing to be picky about but yeah.Also the puzzles in the game are half and half for me, some of them are creative and take a little to figure out while others are just basic kindergarten stuff like ""Let's press 3 buttons to line up the monitor perfectly...ohhh!!!""Now as far as atmosphere goes, SOMA nails it perfectly, it does create such an intense atmosphere and it does make you feel so alone and weak, from the creepy lowly lit halls to the dead bottom of the dark ocean's abyss. Every moment in the atmosphere is very intense looking at what happened to the people of the base.As for the rest, controls are smoothe and on point, even with running from the creatures and accurate depiction of undersea travels.Music is once again great and eerie feeling to just dead silence putting you more on edge.Nice little story that does throw some twists in there as well as an ending that will of course leave you asking, as I won't spoil it.So overall it does have a couple of flaws but once again, don't get me wrong, it is a very great game that is also an easy win with capturing all of the achievements in one playthrough. Beautiful game with a nice story but sadly just falls flat with goofy monsters, and gameplay that can feel tedious in some parts, that you will probably clock in around 8-10 hours depending on how you play.So I do recommend this game, if you are a survival horror fan I would give this game a shot."
76561198049787639,Recommended,282140,18980822,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Saibot Studios,"Best horror game so far, Yes, that's it.Great controls, amazing story, nice graphics (not the best, but nice), incredible ambient and soud effects.Compared to Amnesia: The Dark Descent (now the second best), SOMA almost has not puzzles, but it doesn't need them, it's all in the atmosphere and the story.Just the perfect game."
,Recommended,282140,23280296,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Untold,"SOMA is one of the most philosophical, incredible, and darkest games I have ever seen. The game is reminiscent of novelist Michael Crichton'sSphere, but is even more profound, disturbing, and mind-blowing. It's just incredible. Explore a horrific underwater civilization filled with fascinating backstory, and monsters that render you genuinely helpless. Use the world around you to solve puzzles that make you think. Run for your life. Explore the deep ocean and the extraordinary technological world filled with functioning airlocks, televisions, computers, tablets, and much more. The sound effects mesmerize you, and the music is solid as well. This world feels soreal. When you go underwater, you feel like you are there, and when you are in an airlock, you almost feel the water rise around your legs as you wait to go out into the sea. Absolutely incredible, with a plot that never ceases to surpise you. This is no ""Outlast underwater;"" it focuses not on external monstrosities, but those that lie inside. SOMA is definitely one of the most excellent horror games ever created. Recommended."
,Recommended,282140,18231069,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dr.Larry,"A good game let down by it's abysmal AI.I really enjoyed SOMA. It truly is an experience and tells a really good story. The characters compliment the story well and really add to the overall plot and narrative. I grew to really like both Simon and Catherine which is something I can't say for a lot of games in the genre. The game oozes atmosphere and really draws you in but the enemies are just poorly done and there are a few issues dealing with the plot that I personally didn't like.The main issue with SOMA is the AI. Some people say the game would be better off without having any enemies in it but I genuinely think the real issue is in it's AI and the fact that it really needed to be a lot better than what we were left with. It's strictly scripted and incredibly predictable save for scriptedevents. The AI isn't really much of an AI. It simply obides by three rules:1. Teleports to player if it's not close enough.2. If there's a noise made by the player it runs after the player.3. Patrols the proximity of where the player is.This just leads to what can only be described as blatant cheating. The game knows where you are and it makes no attempt at hiding that fact which is incredibly frustrating. There may only be one enemy in an entire complex but because of the three rules the AI is tied to it will always be stuck to you no matter how quiet, how slow or how fast you are. It's especially because of the third rule which leads to the most frustration in the game. You're quiet, you haven't made a noise but the enemy, even though you were last seen on the other side of the map and so was the monster/enemy only moments ago, randomly spawns behind you and makes the same patrol route over and over and over. If you stay in a room be prepared to see the enemy pace back and forth every 30 seconds on the dot and then do the exact same thing when you move to the next room and the next and the next...To put it lightly, the AI is nonexistent. There are five enemy types and they all repeat the same looped patrol pattern over and over. It's a shame because each enemy type is supposed to be unique but they end up being bland and the exact same as the previous monster. One is blind, one you can't look at and one only responds to noise but it just doesn't matter when they all follow the same three rules. It will only take you up to the second enemy to realise this unfortunately. It also takes away any challenge in playing the game to remove any real threat to the player in having something so limited and held back with zero freedom and very little attention given to it. This game really would have delivered in the horror department if the enemies were given a bit more life and not held on such a tight leash so to speak. The AI really needed to be stupid in a practical sense to be enjoyable; as in if a noise was made the enemy would rush to where the noise was and stay there to investigate even if the player wasn't anywhere near, perhaps add a few curve balls in that the enemy would grow frustrated in being mislead one too many times and literally go beserk running around the level tearing up the place trying to find the player. Unfortunately nothing like this happens and it has lead to a lot of people surmising the game probably would have been better off without having any enemies in the it at all. It is an absolute shame too because the amount of times I stood on a glass vase or moved something by accident and made noise would have proven to be some of the most terrifying experiences if only the AI was actually good but because of how bad it is nothing ever came of it. Even enemies that were supposed to react to noise only reacted when you threw items right beside them. It was just so bad and a real sin against an otherwise amazing game.The other issue deals with the plot. Some parts of it are introduced but immediately forgotten. For instance, and minor spoiler, when you meet Amy and if you choose to save her you never mention her again. Even when you come across someone who could possibly provide help you never mention her. You don't even refer to the machines that think they're human specifically. What really bothered me was actually what we were presented with in the beginning of the game: Simon and his girlfriend/love interest, Ashley. It's thirty seconds long and you never read or hear about it beyond that save for reading a newspaper clipping in the first bit of gameplay. What's more is all decisions you make in the game have no real effect on the story. You're lead to believe early on that healing and taking energy from other robots detracts from the game and it's story, as in it takes systems offline and makes it harder, effecting the game as you play through but the reality is after the first hour or two the most that will happen is the energy will be sucked out of lights, making it a bit dimmer. It's really sad to think what could have been although it's most likely something that was started but later deemed too ambitious for the size of the developer and thus abandoned.Overall, the game is still really good. It's an 8 out of 10 being docked marks due to the lack of AI and the fact that game wasn't really scary at all(Which I attribute to the AI) when it was billed as being a horror game. Some scary elements but they really failed to deliver in most parts even though they did go out of their way to do some rather freaky and suggestive things only to have nothing come from them(Such as doors being opened a-jar when you return to them minutes later).Would I recommend it? Absolutely. Full price? Yeah, definitely. You'll get on average 10-12 hours if you don't rush the game and if you look around and take the time to read all or most bits of information available you'll spend about 15 or so hours. There's no real replay value but I can see it being fun to rush through the game on a second run. The one thing I will add is that those hours spent playing the game will mostly be entertaining and very enjoyable. There are frustrations with the enemy AI but overall, 90% of the time, it's a real treat to play."
76561198032518991,Recommended,282140,18420027,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Anelis,The story is so good it leaves you empty when it's over.One of the best sci-fi narratives in video-game history.
76561197974960503,Recommended,282140,18331861,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TheLastRedeye,WAU that was good
,Recommended,282140,18283783,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,LadyTenjoin,"(Scroll down for the TL:DR if you don't have the time to read. My take on SOMA is a bit on the long-ish side :D)The Gist of the StorySoma is an intriguing game about Simon Jarrett. Due to a grave injury, Simon’s young life is cut short. With his impending death on the horizon, Simon turns to a David Munshi for Simon’s last resort since Munshi is working on technology that could save Simon’s life. Later on, after the initial tryout of Munshi’s machine, Simon wakes up to an unfamiliar place filled with robots, friendly or not, and some kind of cancerous growth (that’s actually an AI system that has gone rogue), called the Wau, slithering anywhere it can go to.Confused, Simon begins seeking for answers and soon meets with Catherine Chun, a researcher in charge of the Ark project, an invention that holds the key to humanity’s survival. Catherine explains that most of civilization was wiped out by a comet and the remainder of human kind lives here in Pathos-II, a futuristic facility that hosts both humans and machines. She adds that if Simon helps her transport the Ark, there will be a spot for him in the Ark. Of course he agrees and with a goal at hand, Simon learns, throughout his expedition to the ends of the world, the ultimate fate of the residents of Pathos-II and the meaning of being human.-- --Did ya scare me?The scare factor of the game, on the scale of 1-10 (1 being, “me looking for something to scare me but couldn’t find it, no matter how hard I tried” and 10 being, “I ♥♥♥♥ my pants, I should’ve worn a diaper”), I rate Soma an 8 out of 10 (8 being, “Let’s NOPE out of here, please.”)Soma keeps things fresh by introducing a new enemy almost every area transition. These enemies are a slight variation of each other, with the exception of the patrolling robot at the beginning of the game. I am very glad there are multiple enemies because sometimes in horror games, there will only be one single enemy stalking you throughout the game and over time, the game’s scariness dulls downs if it doesn’t change its tactics.I won’t describe all the hostiles but there are 6 enemies in total. You can skip this part if you’re not interested in reading my observations about two of the monsters I liked.As mentioned before, I have two favorites and the first one is a monster that’s described as a person that was raised from the dead (because of the Wau). Its head comprise of bright, glowing, blue eyes (I’ll call him Many Eyes.) The enemy isn’t dangerous as long as Simon doesn’t approach or/and look at it. It’s slow and will observe you but in my experience it will never out rightly harmed you unless you do something stupid.  However, the scare factor lies in how Simon’s vision will shake and distort upon gazing at this creature. It scared the hell out of me the first time.My second favorite is this crying woman. She’s similar to Many Eyes but she becomes more frantic if you walk towards her. You can stare at her for a period of time, as long as you maintain your distance. The scare factor with her is when you cross the line of her personal space. She screams and bolts towards you erratically and unexpectedly. You cannot image how fast I ran out of the room (in-game).The game doesn’t only rely on its monsters to scare its player. In conjunction with the ambient sounds in the environment, the eerie feeling that you’re not alone will manifest itself as you progress through the dark corridors of Pathos-II. Every clank, every murmur, every patter of distant footsteps will set up a creepy vibe that I enjoyed very much. If you plan on playing this game, please, I implore you to wear headphones!-- --GameplaySimon can only run and hide. He cannot use any weapons and you as the player must rely on your wits to avoid danger. There are puzzles that needs to be solved to continue the storyline and I thought some of them were somewhat challenging. I found searching for things kind of annoying since the key items do not glint but I blame that part for my not so perceptive nature. There is no journal entries that updates so you can’t look back at your current objectives but you can always talk to Catherine for a reminder. There's no inventory as well.During my time in Soma, most of the hostiles are easy to outrun and in fact, there’s a visual cue when something threatening is nearby. The screen will start to distort until the monster is nowhere in the vicinity. Most of the time, they lose interest in Simon very quickly. At first, this bothered me but I realized this is a good thing. I don’t want to spend most of my time hiding and running away from the monsters. This way, it doesn’t ruin the pacing of the game and gives you enough time to absorb the atmosphere.-- --Graphics and Technical IssuesEach level are beautifully designed with small details that shows that there were people living in Pathos-II before the tragedy struck. There are many graphical options to choose from to suit your needs and for the most part, I didn’t experience any hiccups, crashes, frame drops and bugs (Specs: GTX 970, i7-4790S, 12 GB of ram…so on and so forth). However, I have a friend who had a few crashes and some people are having problems launching the game. Visit the game’s Community Hub to learn more about these issues.-- --My Observations (minor spoilers)The story, in my honest opinion, is a tear jerker. The game doesn’t have a morality system (at least not to my knowledge) but at certain times, you are given a choice whether or not to end a life or let them continue on. It doesn’t seem to affect the story but it does make you think, “Is he/she better off dead or alive?” I struggled with this one but I always chose to end them because in most cases, these “people” are hooked up to this cancerous growth, called the Wau. What the Wau basically does is it tries to correct and fill in for whatever was destroyed within the body. In robots, it can heal minor malfunctions and at worst case, they need to be hooked up to it permanently until manual repair is done. In humans, the Wau wants to prevent the death of the human and as a result, the Wau restores the life of the dead, at the cost of the person’s individuality. Would someone really want to live this way?The ending is alsobittersweet. It was well done, in my opinion.-- --Wrap UpOverall, from start to finish, Soma kept me on my toes. It took me 11 hours to beat the game and it’s a decent amount of gameplay for a $29.99 title. I highly recommend Soma to fans of horror games. You won’t regret it!Thanks for reading!!-- --TL;DRPros:- Thought provoking story and interesting characters.- Multiple enemies keep the player on their toes.- Kept me on edge throughout the game- Beautiful graphics- Great ambient sounds and atmosphereCons:- Reports of crashing and problems with launching the game-- --If you have the time, watch me fool around in Soma :DSOMA Video"
76561198066253605,Recommended,282140,19985205,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SABINA,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=584965355Absolute genius.Frictional is at the top of their game with this masterpiece. Continuing their tradition of innovating the horror genre that began with the seminal Penumbra and Amnesia titles, games that have inspired so many since, with Soma they have achieved nothing less than inventing a new genre for gaming: Existential Horror.Soma has all the hallmarks of great horror; atmosphere aplenty, immersive sound, suspense and tension, shocks and scares. They had already achieved mastery over these elements in games that so many have borrowed from. But Soma introduces another element, something deeper and more truly horrifying than almost anything imaginable. It delves into the human psyche and threatens it's very core needs. It identifies the fundaments of who and what we are, then takes them away. This can potentially cause an existential crisis in the contemplative mind. What other vehicle of media can claim that? Perhaps some movies and great works of fiction touch upon it, but the closest I've ever been to such a feeling is upon waking from a nightmare.Get it. Play it. Feel it. It's ok if you need to call your Mommy afterwards.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=584965418"
,Recommended,282140,18906566,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,sir_N,"Very deep, many questions, so mind-blowing. WAU"
,Recommended,282140,30044148,Posted: 19 February,all,TotallyTasteless,"If this game doesn't give you an existential crisis, i don't know what will."
,Recommended,282140,23463878,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,What,"You don't beat this game, it beats you"
,Recommended,282140,18362442,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,bowlingotter,"Is it as scary as Amnesia? The short answer is ""no."" But is it a better game? Undoubtedly.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMcqvCsIdkQ&ab_channel=TheBowlingotterShow"
,Recommended,282140,26980620,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Impetus,"One of the best games ive played, the atmosphere is sublime and it really makes you think and feel. Im not even that big a fan of horror games, but it has a sci-fi theme, a great story, top notch audio & gfx and a unique, isolated atmosphere. I just wish it was a bit longer, it went by so fast.I highly recommend it!94/100"
,Recommended,282140,18318080,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Cunning Mr.Lingus,The very definition of quality over quantity.
76561198073837920,Recommended,282140,30752370,Posted: 26 March,all,Winternez,This is why I play games.
76561198375893049,Recommended,282140,33900048,Posted: 30 July,all,philippa.lawrie,"This is potentially the greatest story rich game ever. A truly spectacular narrative with an even balance of horror, tragedy, ethical dilemmas and philosophical conundrums. The game even forces the player to make impossible choices that don't necessarily effect the story in any drastic way, but leave the player with a sense of unease and dispute about what exactly counts as 'human' and the value of being alive. Whilst the monsters that chase you about the abondoned underwater labs of Pathos II are somewhat alarming, the real horror stems from the psychological torture that the remants of mankind are forced to endure at the hands of their own desire to preserve the ghost of humanity. I think the reason this narrative works so well as a game and not a film is the function of perspective. It's important that the story is percived subjectively to provide context to the plot points and inspire motivation for your decisions. Decent, well fleshed out characters that provoke empathy, even if there are only a few with limited interaction time. And of course the visuals are quite nice as well. Cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198043650549,Recommended,282140,18403436,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Camille,"It was nice to be back in Rapture again, 10/10."
76561198026001072,Recommended,282140,30791915,Posted: 28 March,all,Airplanegun,This game is the textbook definition of a psychological horror. It's unsettling and terrifying in the best way possible. That combined with a story driven by scattered documents and dialogue meant to make you question what the literal definition of life is and where is the line drawn between preserving what we think is human and what isn't. This game throws you into the dark with the light being based on how you as a person percieves it....or maybe you were in the dark from the start.
76561198027181317,Recommended,282140,33062339,Posted: 30 June,all,JedsDead,Side effects may include:A profound sense of discomfort inside of your own bodyIncr̷̻͝eased heart rateImmensefeelings oflonelines̸̡̘͎̠̀́̓s̸Eĺ̸̜evated feelings of anxietyCold sweatsDecreased motor fun̷̨̖̘̘̟̊͗̓̐̉̈́́c̵̳͍̯̳͕͇̽͐̔̊̕ͅţ̸̟̟͇̯̩̣̉͆̚͜ions   ̵̠̕ ̶̢̽ ̵͙̒ ̵̰̿ ̶̛̼ ̸̮̋ ̴̳͊ ̸͔͝ ̴̼͋ ̸͕̑ ̵̢̀ ̵̫͘ ̵̝͗ ̸̱͗ ̷͙̏ ̴̱̓ ̴̺̅ ̸̪̈́ ̷͍̎ ̶͚̍ ̸̳͗ ̸̯͆ ̷̰̒ ̶̲̰̿̀̓̊̄̔ ̶̨̛̱͓̤̥̼͔͈̮̋̈̒̾̒͜ ̷̨͈̤̃̎̔̌̈́͂͑͌͒̚ ̷̲̕ ̴̣̓ ̸̳́ ̶͇͐ ̴̕͜     a nd̶̨̈́Ţ̷̧̛̬̬̞̉̊͒͜ͅ ̶̨̡̛͕̲͚̋̓͒̑͋̿͝A̵̦̍̈́̃̅ ̸̞͍̲̻̮͙̮̤̦̄̏K̶̨̢̼̲̒̉̏̉̌ ̴̡͙̰͙̒͌̓̉̅̉̀̓Ě̸̝̈́̿̎̑̈́͊ ̸̼̰̱͔̠̙̓̆̀͋ͅ ̷̢̼̤̳͈͊̿͑̽̄̀Í̴̝̖̠̟̜̲͈ ̶̢͎̼̥̺̻̥́̀͘T̵̩̯̣̼͙̥̏̅̓ ̴̘̽̔̈́͗͝ ̵̢͓͇̖̝̥̗̫͍̚T̶̩̮͎̦̺͉͔̗̈́̅̒ ̷̦͈̿O̵̡̺̬̼̝̰͗̆ ̴͕̩̮̋͂ ̷̞̠̞͎̺̣̖̱̐͋̀̕̕͝͠ͅÁ̸̭̤̼ ̵̟͉̞̲͖͒͜ͅL̶̤̹̠̟͇̹͉̙͋͋̑͆ ̸̛̰̳̍̽̿͠P̷͙͚̻̪͋̌̃̍̌̈́̎͝͝ͅ ̸̧̡͉͓͇͎̅̿̆͆̚H̴̯͖͎͉̣̮̝̱̲̉͊̇̍͝ ̴̨̳̳͍̰̙̟̥̮̆͐Ȧ̸̝̼̝̝͖̈́̽$ ŗ̴̰̤̖̕ͅw̸̫̔ě̸̝ ̵̤͒s̷̼̀u̵͝ͅf̵̣͌f̸͚̏ë̷̼r̸̴̛̬̗̾̾ ̶̰̪̐̓̄ ̷̼͕͙̆̇̚ ̴̢̔̆̉͗ ̵̭̓̆ ̷͇̰̫̥͊ ̵̭̽̈́ ̶̛̪͑͋̈ ̶̯̺͙̺̈̋́͘ ̶̲̰̿̀̓̊̄̔ ̶̨̛̱͓̤̥̼͔͈̮̋̈̒̾̒͜ ̷̨͈̤̃̎̔̌̈́͂͑͌͒̚ ̵͖̮̈ͅ ̷̜́͜ ̴̼̼̩͕̊̓̾͝ ̷̼̿̐͊ ̸̡̲͊̑̂̕ ̴̧̯̮̩̈́̄ ̶̛͉̓̊ ̵̺̈ ̸̢͖̺͂͆ ̵̡͉͚̼̚ ̶͙̑̅͊̃ ̴̧̮͎̙̀͛ ̸̛̲͉͔͔̄͐ ̴̠̘͒̾͘ ̷̧̛̩̜̓́̏͛̏͂̉̾ͅ ̶̩̣̟̘̲̥͍̻̠̖̬̗̀̇̎̈́̐ ̴̺́̈́̋ ̵͇̱͌͑̍̇ ̴̮͐̾̊͐ ̵͓̉̃͋͝ ̴̹̕͘̕ ̴̢͙̙̆̈͜ ̴̯̾̃ ̵̢̨͑ ̷̨̹͇̈́͛̋ͅ ̶̱̼͐̒͝ ̴̨̾ ̴̛̗͔̩̰̀ ̶̻̼̙̒́͂͝ ̷̯̯̺̆͂̀͝ͅ ̸̦̞͉̏̿̀̆ ̵̨̞̌͐̃̚ ̶̺͖͙̈́ ̶̖̯̼͕̇ ̶̦͊̐͒̓ ̵̛̩̰̎̐͌͜ ̶̨̠́͛̉͒ ̴͉̈́͠ ̴̧͗̕͝ ̵̙͕̒͐͑͝ ̸̡̳͕̦́̓̚̚ ̸͉̯̯̬̌̑̕Feelings of dread & or dismayA sudden urge to call loved ones an̶͔̼̼̣̍͛̿̾͂̈͊̾͐̿̆̕͝͝    d̷͙͖͎̀̒͗ ̴̱͉̖͇͐̈́̀̌͘͜ ̴̢͚̪͈̤͉̖̣̯̗̻̈́͘ ̷̼͇̠̯̌͋͆̒̆͗̐̎̓̒͝ ̵̧̟͎͙̟̞̝̠̤̭̤̊̂ ̵͙̘̪̩͔̿̇̈͑̓̚Proceed w í̸̮t̵͔͠h̷̜̽ ̶̬̔c̴̲͂a̸̮͐u̶͇͝t̵̻͑i̴͇͐o̷̖̿n̷̼͠     us̶̼̽e ̵̣̎ȧ̵̹t̷͜͝ ̵̩͠ő̸̬w̸͉̃ǹ̴̘ ̶͈̿ṙ̵̖i̸̫͆ Ṣ̵̡̛̩̎̓̓̊̆͌͆̍̐̏̆͂͊͘I̷̢̡̡̡̡̯̫̭̱̻͚̰͍̮̘̣͐̉̅̅̏̈́́̏͐̒̇̒̕͘͝͠ͅM̸̡͉̳̮̮͍̰̥̯̮̭̥̠̪̻͂̌͂̍̀͐́̏̋Ơ̴̡̡͍̻̫͙͉̗̻̟̯͖̱̻̯̘̓͗̐͆̄͐́̊͋́̉͒̽̃͑̍͘̕̕͠͝N̷̻͖̟͕͕͇̯̙̾̽̊ ̴̳̝͎͈̞͍̥͚̙̅̒̐̈́̓̒͗͋̔̈̂̂̏͋?̸͇̳̤̳̖͔̭̩͇͈̼̟͍̈́ͅt̴̝̣͍̣͆̏̋̔ ̵̦̑̽̽ ̸̧̜͈͓̉ ̸̱̪̓̓ ̷̠̕ ̸͖̟͚́ ̸͙̣̽̾͆̐ ̶̖̙͓̑́͗͝ ̸͎͍̥͎̀͆̌ ̷͎̒ ̴̮̭͜͠ ̴͙͂ ̴͎̱͚́̂͠ ̴̘̠̑͂̉̽ ̴̡̹͎̫͗̓ ̷̭͑̈ ̴̲̪̤̘̆ ̶̫̓ ̵̡̺͉͉̑́͋͊ ̸̧̢̯̟̈́̓̊ ̵͕̜̰͖͒̔̊̿ ̸̡̯̿̍͜ ̸̢̪̬̈ ̶̯͗̏͠ ̷̪̠͛ ̸̡͠ ̷͚̔ ̶͔̅ ̵̞̻̱̈́͌̓ ̷̯͋̋́͝ ̴̭͂ ̴̟͍̆͐̀ͅ ̵̯̦͔̃̔͆ ̶̩̃̈́ ̵̦̔͒̓̆ ̶̟̲̻̩͋̂ ̸̥̻͕̀̇̋̾ ̸̫́́͝ ̴̧̱̻͠ ̴̬̻̐̅͆ ̴̤̳͆͂ ̷͈́̾͒̅ ̴͕̟́̓̓̚ ̵̘̭̭͇̀̈̍̚ ̶̡̙̠̇͗̚ ̸̮͕̩͑ ̴̢͍̖̲͗̅͠͝ ̸̺͠ ̸̩̹̜͙͂̈́ ̷̛̝̘̍ ̸̩̫̽̃ ̶̹̑ ̷̡̡̨͍̔͑͠ ̵̖̣͑͐ ̶̗̩̺̍̆̿̒ ̵͕͚͙̄̊ ̷̗̦̙͚̀̀ ̸̞̭̈́̉̊̕ ̶̛̒͒́ͅ ̶̢̧̟̝͌͘̕ ̶̳̭̦̃ ̷̢̬͠ ̴̰̣͓̍̈ ̴͕͙̽̀͘͝ͅ ̸̣͇̻̳͗͌̅͘ ̵̬̗̱͕̾̓̔͛ ̶̜̱͐̈͛̑ͅ ̸͕́̃͆̓ ̵̞͇̜̔͊ ̷̺̬̣̂ͅ ̸̨̬̝̳͑̃̊ ̵̢̼͎̑͝͠ ̵̿͠ͅ ̵̨͖̦̖̈ ̴̳͈̭̊ ̷̧̩̻̔ ̷͖̙̫͍͘ ̶̢̍͂͘ ̸̯̓̆ ̵̗̻͆̀S̷̛̫͍̺̰̻̘͓͆̀̐̅̔͆̉̍͛͌̕̕͝͠T̸̨̨̖̟͎͙̬͔̭̳̫̼͓̰̜͙͇̖̟͚̎̉͗Ǫ̶̧͎͕̗̠̞̳͊̾̅̔ͅP̸̧̢̥͚͈̼̤͎̱̳̪͎̦̜͓͓̥͇̮̯̎͑̐̓̀̈̅̓͊̆̄̍́͐̓̉͌̔ ̴̡̛̯̣̦̬͍̣͙̼͔̗͉̯̦̞̮̼̿̎̈́́́̈́̀̉̈́̓̑̏͘͜Į̴̪̯̱̯͔̙̥̲̭̬̹̦̭̝̦͓̦͖͉̟͚͒̎̿͊̍͆͜Ţ̶̴̧̤̼͉͈͍̱͚̭̩͕̖̩̙̂̂̽͆̈͗̎͌͂̈͊̕͜͝͝ͅ ̴̢̱̻̊ͅ ̴͈̻̀͊ ̵̧̲̣̑̎̌̚ ̸͚̩͎̈́̅̊͝ͅ ̶̘͈̲͂̈͝ ̷͙͔̿͂̍ ̸̹̋̃͠ ̴̝̭́ ̵͔͐̃̉͗ ̸͗̾ͅ ̸̧̯̼̦͗̊ ̵̣̃͌̍̂ ̸͈̬͓̔ ̶͎̋̔͜ ̷̠̋̋͆ ̵̠͉̩̋͑̄̀ ̴̙͋̋̽͒ ̷̲̙̬̩̍ ̸̟̩̖̓̏̋ ̷̰̘̽̋ ̵̯̗͗̊ͅ ̸̤̳̩̖̿̈́̏̇ ̷̧̺̬̹͑͝ ̴͙̱͖͎̓͑ ̴̯̞̂ ̸̰̅ ̸͎̱̅ ̶̙͚̼̉́̀̕ͅ ̷̟̲̜̐̈̉͝ ̷̛̩̤͈͚͌̎ ̵̬̻̊͘͠ ̵̦̘̈́̀ ̸̟̩̅̀̎H̷̛̙̽͌̆́ ̸̨̧͓͈͐̎͐̉̃͘͝Ę̷͇̝̬̒̾̅̋͑̉̋̏ ̸̳̙̪͖̮̏̏̕Ļ̵̥͍͔̖̮̍̌̀̍̊͛ ̷̟͇̺̟̺̫͓̣̬̿͊́̕P̶̢͎̱̖̪̫̣̪̀͘̕ ̵̩̰͗͒̆̋̅ ̸̠̭͚̙̥̭̖̾̈́͑̚͝ ̵̛̛̠̫͊̆̉̓͗̂͠U̸̝̥͉̻̓̈́̚ ̷͉͍̤͖͚̺̦̐Ş̴̛͙̋͊͑̃̆͝Ļ̴̡̡̢̧̰̭̰̗̭͉̣̱͖̱͖͓̜̹͙̻͚̼̫͈̺͍̼̟̠͔͆̂͐̉̔̌̀̈͑͌͑͒͌̊͐̍͗͌̕͠͝I̷̢̧͎̦̬̦͙͕̫͍̻͙͉͔̖̟̽̾̉̅́͋̑̈́̿̆͊͒̉̐͗́͌̈́̏̕͜͝S̷̢̧̨̡̧̨͖̜͕͓̙̖̟̞̲͉̳͈̗̭̳̭͈̜̱̥̲̦̦̬͔̼͚̣͇̲͙̥͕̘͔͇̩̬͈̓̔̓̒̐́̈́̈́̍̓̆͆͜ͅŢ̷̛̮͓̤̬͇̲̟͖̠̲̠̖̈̅̉̂͆́̄̈̿͛̐̑̒̂͗͛̈̀͛̄̒̈́͐̉̾̈́͒͗͂̓̓͘͘͜͝ͅȨ̷̢̨̛̰̬̩̹̤͇̦̟͕̗͕͉͍̙̺͓͖̪͇̦̩͚̩̲̦̭̰̱̲̙͉̱̣̯͈̳͕͈͓͔͖̜̥̙̒͌̊͐̒͒̀̇̀̈̇͂͌̈́̅̽̇̃̎̋̓̽͐͒̊̓̊͑̃̅̔̈̇̃̅͐͋͑̀̄͒̌̄̂͊͒̀͒̒͊͋̒́̕͘̚͘̕͜͜͝͝ͅͅŅ̷̛̛̛̛̠̘̫͙͖͎̣͔̟̘̘̳͉̻̠̘̖͙̣̲̣̫̝̥̭͚̪̲͓̲̼̮̘͖̳̞̞̭͉͖̼̟̪͂̔̔̃͌͗̉̉̄̒̎͛̓̈́̄͗̆̄̈́́̓͛̾͒͋͌̂̿͆͐̍̃̏̆̎̏̓̈́̋́̐̈́̽̒̓̀̾̾̈́͗̄͂̌̊͗͆͗̕̕̕͘͝͝͝͝͠ͅ
76561198003380651,Recommended,282140,19265495,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,beyondtool,"Game of the year, hands down. From the atmosphere, brilliant writing, pacing, puzzles, exploration, and ethical mind benders SOMA is one of the most assured indie titles I have ever played. Elements of Dead Space, amnesia, alien and  event horizon but doesn't blantantly rip these ideas, instead SOMA creates an incredibly immersive  interactive and detailed sci fi world. Despite a slightly older engine and lower resolution textures than I would like, the game does manage to pull off some impressive underwater scenes. The audio design is superb. I only noticed one serious bug towards the end which a reload of a save fixed. And despite what everyone says, headphones on at night and you will crap yourself, it does have some terrifying sections. I can only wish for more titles like this. A must play title."
,Recommended,282140,30873625,Posted: 1 April,all,Primal,"Soma 2 ?This is why I play videogames. The art style with combination of atmospere, characters, story, music all makes an amazing, beautiful game. I reccoment this game to eveyone who has a spare 10 hours (you all do or you wouldn't have steam)This game makes you question what it is to be human, and what it is to be alive. You are taken on an emotional and philosophical rollercoaster.easy 9.5/10"
76561197978820749,Recommended,282140,23818516,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,railslavegames,"I feel like a little part of me (or two) will never truly leave this dark, beautiful and at times, maddeningly frustrating place.This deserves to be up there with the greats in PC gaming; the  Half life's , shock's, Farcry 3, Stalkers ect..evenSoma is beautiful and suberbly crafted , the sheer scale and geometry of some of the underwater structures had me gasping at points. Some of the rusted underwater outpost sections even evoke some of that Stalker sense of discovery. Kind of a mix between Bioshock, Alien isolation and Stalker design wise...but more beautiful.The game world  itself is huge, highly detailed and reminded me of Half life in several ways, you really do feel like you're in the belly of the beast, just struggling for one tiny glimmer of hope, one shaft of light. it's incredibly oppresive feeling throughout.I was constantly surprised at the variation and amount of puzzling in the game, I really didn't expect it and went in quite worried that I wouldnt be able to handle the all out horror elements (the tension in Amnesia became unbearable for me).But the story and it's puzzles were certainly more of the focus.There are some very clever sections, that would have had me stumped for months... just like the golden era of pc games.Thankfully they have a deep and meaningful story to tell (that hit me in the same way as The Swapper) and they want you to experience it and think about it long after.Things I didnt really like include the enemy interactions, (there are not many of them surprisingly) but just felt like the stealth wasn't fully explained at any point, and some things are near unavoidable, it was very frustrating at times, especially the last few sections. But I could see that the game prided itself in not holding your hand, which worked for the most part.Also the stripped down inventory which wasn't really a major problem till a later mission where you have to collect quite a few things; one needing  tinkering that is not prompted after the initial contact.I also wasnt 100% sold on the main voice actors, but they are up there with Bioshock infinite, last of us, gone home. Just not really my sort of thing. Kind of Ameri-casual. They just seemed pretty uneffected by ABSOLUTE INSANITY going on around them.I actually think the games atmosphere could have stood up on its own with no enemies, which is a testament to just how believable it all is.I will be playing it again, reading everything next time..didnt quite get the whole WAU thing. Might even try the wuss workshop mod, that turns enemies harmless so I can enjoy the story a bit more."
76561197971666666,Recommended,282140,25672173,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Guyw,"Amazing briliant game. I loved every second piece of it. The story, graphic, gameplay, horror, atmosphere. Must buy for anyone who is willing to disconnect from reality and enjoy some amazing story."
,Recommended,282140,18211092,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Winnerbagel,"Frictional Games has done it again.  They have created another fantastic horror game that was well worth the wait.  It far exceeded my expectations, and I believe it raised the bar for horror games as a whole.The story is incredibly immersive and left me scratching my head and reflecting on ideas in a way I have never thought about.  The atmosphere is top-notch, owing to the detailed environments and incredible sound design.  The sounds in the game are so varied and delivered so well that you will often stop and listen to see if the noises are actual threats or just from the environment.Despite what some people may say, this is definitely NOT a walking simulator like AAMFP was.  I found it pretty challenging at times, with enemy AI surpassing TDD by quite a bit.  The creatures you try to evade will be able to hear you much easier, and they won't just disappear this time around.I can say without a doubt that this is the best horror game I have ever played.  If you're a fan of real horror games, this game deserves to be in your library."
,Recommended,282140,24613099,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Surgeon,I hope one day someone will make a movie based on this magnificent game...
,Recommended,282140,18182181,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,f0rmality,"Improves on TDD and AMFP in every aspect, this is easily Frictional's best work, even over the Penumbra series. An amalgamation of Alien: Isolation, Bioshock, Amnesia, and The Talos Principle.It has some of the most memorable enemy encounters and environments I've ever seen in a horror game, with a brilliant and well told story that will consistently leave you with chills. Those who're looking for an easily accessible game for some simple scares - this is not it. This is a game to play alone and at night, to immerse yourself in, and to put yourself into the shoes of your character, and ask yourself the same questions he asks right up until the end.I personally found this game to be phenomenal, wouldn't change a thing. But the gameplay is still simplified as it was in AMFP, although I find it streamlines the process and allows you to focus on the story, it's also dialogue and text/audio log heavy, so if you're not down for reading and listening a lot - this isn't the game for you.This game will terrify you, but come for the story, not the scares."
,Recommended,282140,28167667,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,lava,> 10/10 Best science fiction story.> 10/10 Atmosphere> 10/10 Adventure> 10/10 Sound> 9/10 Too many jump scares :)> 8/10 Graphics.
76561198048974498,Recommended,282140,18452147,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,rjmacready,"Well, well, Frictional have come a long way since Penumbra, haven't they?  In the best possible sense, I might add, which is to say:  Not TOOOOOO long a way!  If the Penumbra and Amnesia games could arguably be considered logical extensions of one another, and the first two ""franchises"" in an exemplary and more-or-less pioneering trilogy of ""first-person stealth-horror"" games, then SOMA (and any sequels it might spawn) is not only the third part of that trilogy of franchises, but the logical extension of those earlier games in pretty much every way, shape and form.Simply put, many of the hallmarks we've come to know and love are present:  Excellent storytelling, highly interactive (and thereby ludicrously immersive) first-person environments, horror themes, a protagonist with some form of brain/mental problems, an often hallucinatory breakdown between fantasy and reality, and last but certainly not least, some SCARY ♥♥♥♥IN'♥♥♥♥♥♥goin' on.  Oh, and did I mention a complete and utter defencelessness against any and all nasties which come your way?  Yup, it's all here.The setting, of course, has changed...and it's as radical and engrossing a departure as the Penumbra series shifting all the way from its oppressive arctic base-land to Amnesia: The Dark Descent's spooky medieval castle.  This time around, in SOMA, we have a hi-tech underwater facility (and its surrounding seas), which we are ushered into after a brief intro which strongly recalls Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥and Total Recall (influences which they're hardly trying to deny, considering they QUOTE the guy before the gameplay proper even begins)!  And suffice it to say, it all gets substantially more ♥♥♥♥ed-up from there.In many ways, this is also arguably Frictional's most, erm, ""accomplished"" game, given that they've split the difference between their own past games and The Chinese Room's somewhat infamous Amnesia sequel.  That is to say, by removing borderline-inconsequential nonsense like The Dark Descent's healing items and sanity systems, but at the same time not taking things to quite the extreme that Machine For Pigs did in terms of favouring ""storytelling"" so massively over ""gameplay"".  So for all you nay-sayers of The Chinese Room's contribution to the Frictional legacy...rest assured, the ""gameplay"" elements have well and truly returned (though minus the really, really freaking difficult puzzles of the Penumbra games, which is a blessing at least as far as this particular dunce is concerned).  Now, whether or not any of this makes SOMA a ""better"" product than any previous game to bear the Frictional name is of course a tad subjective, and probably depends to some degree on whether you greatly favour more antiquated settings over sci-fi settings, or vice-versa; in that regard, actually, SOMA perhaps more closely resembles the Penumbra series than the Amnesias, while also bringing to mind obvious comparisons with the Bioshock games, System Shock games, Half-Life games, Dead Space games, Alien: Isolation, etc etc.  It also reminds me quite a bit of a certain late 90s sci-fi horror film called Virus, though I'm relieved to report that it's much, much better than that very flawed and highly disappointing Hollywood effort of yesteryear.Look, it's all a bit of a no-brainer, really:  If you enjoyed ANY of Frictional's previous products, you're probably gonna like this one.  If you enjoyed ALL of Frictional's previous efforts - like my dear self - then you are probably gonna LOVE this one, and should probably just buy it and stop reading reviews by smarmy dickwads like myself, 'cause you know it's gonna be good anyway, right?  But what if you've NEVER played a Frictional game?  Well, then I'm assuming you're not much of a connoisseur of horror video games, and it's ABOUT BLOODY TIME you gave a Frictional game a go, alright?!  I can't promise that you won't be disappointed - NONE of us can promise such ridiculous things - but who knows, you may just see what all the fuss has been about for all these years.  Hell, even if you're not that keen on ""scary"" games, chances are you may still find the sci-fi/fantasy elements compelling enough to have a mind-shatteringly good time (the outdoors-in-the-ocean stuff is especially epic, and needs to be experienced to be believed)!There's one thing you can be certain about getting with this game:  Quality.  With a capital frickin' Q.  Oh, and absolutely, positively, hands-down one of the most utterly brilliant endings to a video game which you WILL EVER EXPERIENCE.  Buy it already.Verdict: 10/10."
,Recommended,282140,28331732,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Arteken,"SOMASOMA is really good (best) sci-fi horror game. Events in this game happen under Atlantic ocean where things have gone pretty wrong as well as things have gone wrong in land too. You play this game as Simon Jarrett trying to survive in Pathos-II facility. This game and it's story will really stick with you for some time. It is amazing experience for anyone who likes horror and sci-fi themed games.You have to run away from different monsters and hide so they can't catch you. There are many monsters in soma and they behave differently. Story in soma is mind-blowing and just amazing, I can not even find words for how well it has been made. It really makes you think what it means to be human. Gameplay works also really well. Graphics are just amazing. Underwater worlds look so nice as well as things inside Pathos-II.In soma you don't have inventory, you just carry a thing named omnitool that gives you acces to different places. That makes this games gameplay simple and you can just focus on the game and its story. You are also given few puzzles, some of wich are a bit hard and some relatively easy to get trough. I personally loved all of them. Gameplay is simple in other ways too, you do not have to combat, only hide and sometimes... run. You can pick up stuff from floors and throw them to make noise for distracting enemies and use doors etc. Enemies in soma are really well made. They are pretty scary, others not so much but others are really scary. You are also given options in some parts of the story, like kill a robot to get power for a door etc. All the things mentioned above make this game a really good experience. Last but not least, yes this game manages to be scary as well.Personally this was one of the best games I have ever played in my life. I only wish it was longer, it was over so fast ;_; I played 14 hours to finish this game, It's long enough, but still I need more games like this or sequel/prequel to this. My rating for this game 10/10."
,Recommended,282140,31089216,Posted: 11 April,all,Chewyy,"One of the best Horror/Walking Sim games I played and I will always recommend this one.The atmosphere in this game is absolutely on point, everything from the sound design to the graphics is so well made and  it just adds a lot to the overall feeling when playing. Walking around alone deep under the sea, where you can literally feel the pressure of the water or exploring through an abondent station, while always having the feeling that you are being followed, is an experience I didnt get in any other game.Also, games in this genre usually dont have the most engaging stories, but not SOMA. Through my whole playthrough I always wanted to know what happens next, and the story managed to keep my interest all the time.In my opinion SOMA really is a masterpiece and shouldnt be left out."
,Recommended,282140,34174537,Posted: 11 August,all,Syf,Bought this expecting a charming fishing game but got a sci-fi horror masterpiece instead so that's good too.
,Recommended,282140,19356053,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Eggs Benedict,"This is the greatest horror game ever made hands down.  I've never been so terrified yet so deeply moved emotionally at the same time before.  This game had me asking so many questions about myself, what I consider human, what is consciousness?  Do yourself a favor and buy this!9.6/10"
,Recommended,282140,18966769,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,[DJMM] DannBo,"SOMA may go down as one of my favorite science fiction games ever. The less you know about it going in the better, but it's got one of the most compelling and thought provoking stories of any game I've ever played. A lot of people may overlook this game because it has kind of been lumped into the ""survival horror"" category since that's kind of Frictional Games' niche since they did the Amnesia games. But there's so much more to it than that.I'm really not big on horror games. But I wouldn't really call this a horror game. It's a sci-fi adventure game with horror elements. There's definitely a lot of nail biting moments and there are scary parts too. It's horror in the same way that James Cameron's ""Aliens"" was horror. It was more thrill than frightening, but it had its fair share of frightening moments. While in previous games made by Frictional, the story kind of revolved around the horror and the scares, in SOMA, the story is 100% the focus of the game. The scarier aspects of the game come about from the story itself, as a biproduct for everything that's happening. There were only a few portions of the game where I felt deeply uneasy and uncomfortable since the games puts you in situations where something may be...hunting you and you have no means to defend yourself. That element does play a role in the game, but the horror element pretty much stops there.This game is like reading an incredibly riveting science fiction novel. Like one of the classics. It's so full of philosophical and existential dilemmas that revolve around things as grand as the meaning and definition of life, like what is life? Is our scientific definition for life enough? This game is incredibly creative with how it poses these questions, and it does so in a way that doesn't feel like you are being lectured to. While you are fairly isolated for most of the game, the characters that are there are complex and interesting and relatable, and realistically portrayed in terms of their personalities and interactions with each other. The world of the game itself is so well constructed that it gives itself a sense of space and scale, that it feels like a real place, not a ""video game"" type world where everything is sort of compacted together to fit into world of the game (kind of like the grand theft auto games which feature miniature versions of real cities). The world of SOMA feels real, immersive, and detailed (so much so that I at one point actually pulled out a map online of the fictional underwater facility that this takes place in to figure out where I was and where I was going). It's linear but with plenty of exploration and occasionally non-linear objectives, similar to games like Bioshock & Half-Life.It's not that long of a game (9-12 hours cumulatively depending on how much time you explore/get lost). I know a lot of people probably will overlook this because they don't really do horror games, but like I said, I'm not a fan of horror games either, but I really loved this game. It's scary at times but it wasn't nightmare inducing, at least for me. Overall I really enjoyed it and would highly recommend it to any fans of sci-fi games."
76561197999209563,Recommended,282140,18271838,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,With_Teeth26,"SOMA is another outstanding horror game from Frictional, even though its a bit light on horror. What makes this game so impressive is the incredibly natural pacing, storytelling and puzzles where it is pretty much always clear what you need to do/where you need to go despite a complete lack of any sort of UI or objectives screen. Even during the relatively open ocean-walking sequences I never became lost, almost as if the devs intuatively knew which way players would go. Puzzles are of similar quality; generally you aren't really told what needs to be done, but it can be quite easily figure it out based on the context.The story is also a highlight, diving into some similar themes as last year's The Talos Principle. While I didn't find the narrative quite as thought provoking as that game, the way the story is told is masterful. Conversations with another character move the central plot forward, but there is a incredible amount of often very important detail to be found in exploring the environment and interacting with various computers/documents that are lying around. It is all done in such a non-gamey way that this science fiction game manages to feel more grounded in reality than many games based in todays real world.All of this adds up to make the game incredibly immersive. This is aided by stellar sound design that is responsible for much of the tension throughout the relatively lengthy game (for this genre). There are still some terrifying sequences, with a couple of memorable ones later in the game I will likely not forget any time soon. I would say that SOMA is the pinnacle of immersive story-driven gaming, with near-AAA production values (they just need to work on character models) making it easy to forget this is coming from a small indie developer.Frictional have once again proven themselves to be masters of their genre, and waiting to see what they do next will be a painful process."
,Recommended,282140,18198113,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,~Alan~,"Absolutely phenomenal. Did it in 9 hours straight.The world, the characters, the story, everything is so immersive. I WANT  MOAAR12/10 would scan again."
,Recommended,282140,25791483,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Theosozen,I've been playing video games for 20 years. Soma is a science-fiction gaming masterpiece.If you like a good science-fiction story. Soma is a must.Don't sweat the horror aspect of this game. Joy and wonder prevail.Thank you Frictional Games. Well done.
,Recommended,282140,29116755,Posted: 8 January,all,SkyL3R,"Wow, that was the most amazing singleplayer experience I've had in a while.Well-written thought-provoking story and immersive terrifying atmosphere will not leave one unsatisfied.Highly recommended.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18757977,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[40-1] MORD,The most addictive single player game I`ve ever played. The best story line ever.
,Recommended,282140,23428044,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,D_Rock,"I just finished soma and I have to say it was absolutely amazing..One of the best , most intense stories I have ever experienced in a video game ..  I bought it on sale because i wasn't sure if I would like the whole underwater sci fi thing ,but man was I wrong..This game is worth every penny and more at full price..As far as recommending , this game gets a very big hell yes !! Kudos to frictional games !!"
76561198035322847,Recommended,282140,24361582,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Conor,"If the Penumbra series was Frictional Games' shaky but promising first steps, and Amnesia: The Dark Descent was them getting into their stride, then SOMA is their ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece.The gameplay is basically Amnesia with more computer terminals and less cranks, and Alien: Isolation outshines it for sheer lo-fi sci-fi terror, but as a whole, SOMA is damn near perfect. Its story is compelling, if somewhat familiar, sci-fi, what-does-it-mean-to-be-human fare, and is largely told through the usual video game methods of audio logs and conversations triggered upon entering a new area. But it's the world itself, and the more personal stories it tells (if you're willing to stop and look around for a moment) that really makes the game special.As per Frictional's previous games, you interact with the world in a very physical, tactile way. You pull open drawers and lockers with the mouse, and can pick up, examine and rotate nearly everything you find lying around. A ton of effort has gone into making every area of the game feel like it used to be a living, breathing space, each room has some sort of story to tell. The only game I can think of that rivals SOMA in this aspect is Gone Home.As a horror game, SOMA has plenty to offer, although for pure tension and terror, it doesn't ever reach the levels Amnesia managed. And as previously mentioned, if you've played Alien: Isolation, SOMA's rusty metal corridors and invincible monsters aren't going to feel partiularly threatening compared to that particular xenomorph. Like that game though, SOMA does absolutely nail sound design.Amazingly, since Amnesia came out, there haven't actually been that many horror games of a similar ilk, which makes this all the more special. Buy this game, then buy it again so Frictional keep making more games like this (and not outsourcing their IPs to other developers therefore creating utter tosh like A Machine for Pigs...)"
,Recommended,282140,18227632,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Andem,"to start off, there's not gonna be any story spoilers here because I think the story is one of the bigger strong points of the game. Hopefully this review isn't too rambly and chaotic, sorry if it is.I have some mixed feelings about this game as a long time fan of Penumbra and Amnesia: Dark Decent. (not Machine for Pigs.) I think this game is pretty great, but it is not without its flaws.First of all, I know no one is going to like hearing this if you're a fan of the series, but this is more of a sequel to Machine for Pigs than it is Dark Decent of Penumbra. Gameplay wise that is. There's no inventory screen again in this, there's no insanity, there's no health items. There is some form of health, and you can actually die, but it's a little weird and a bit too shallow for my taste.That being said, though, if I am going to call it more of a gameplay sequel to Machine for Pigs, it is a great sequel. It improved upon that game in almost every single way.Most importantly, you can throw EVERYTHING around again. Like in Dark Decent. It's just fun to do that. In a spooky game like this, it's great to sometimes just have fun with the physics and throw stuff around. To me, it tells me that the devs say ""hey, if you want to mess around go ahead, that's cool."" In machine for pigs they essentially say ""No fun allowed, this is a serious story, screw you, play it how we intended or get out.""The gameplay is pretty shallow, but as you progress you do actually get much more involved which is why I recommend this game in the first place. At first, I really thought this would be another walking simulator since nothing seemed to happen. But as you go on, the monsters and even the areas expand a bit and you find yourself not just walking forward. There ends up being more puzzles as well and it does keep you playing. I don't think it's as much gameplay as Amnesia or maybe even Penumbra, but I don't totally mind because this game does some things extremely well.First and most importantly of all, the game's sound design is amazing. Amnesia had great spooky sounds, ambience, and music, and Soma just blows it out of the park. Many people praise this game for being atmospheric and that's because the sounds in this game are just great. There's so many of them. When you're messing around with physics, you can see how almost every object makes different noises against different surfaces or other objects. There's always thumping and ocean noises or other strange noises going on that keeps you on edge, thinking maybe a monster is around. I might be jumping to conclusions, but I was reminded of Myst in a way.Second, the lighting, I feel is really good in this game as well and also really adds to the atmosphere. The way it's presented really sucks you in to the environments. When you look into the distance, you'll see faint red lights, almost like strange monster eyes staring at you. You'll focus on those and as you get closer, you'll see its just boat lights, or something else.Third is the graphics. They're much much better than all the previous games. Models included. The Amnesia/Penumbra series never did very well with models or animations, and while they still aren't the best, they are very good compared to the previous games in the series,A bit on the monsters without any spoilers really. They also actively get better as the game progresses. You get a little taste of Amnesia Dark Decent style monster as well.Now for the final part, I'll talk about the character a bit, and a tiny nothing about the story. There won't be any spoilers at all. This part reminds me a lot of Penumbra. The main character is a bit of a normal dude, and I think he's a bit TOO normal for my tastes, but once again as you progress in the story I think he does well. There's a lot of psychological parts in the game where your main character, Simon, will probably be parroting your own thoughts fairly well, and it honestly does make you think about your own sense of self. If you are into that, that is. I realize that not everyone really cares about that.This probably comes down to personal taste, but I really liked Daniel from Dark Decent. But I don't think a character like this would work in this game at all, really. I think it was a bit necessary for Simon to be a very normal guy, so it's kind of up to you on that. I can understand complaints about Simon possibly being too boring.I think I have rambled enough here and will try to end the review finally and sum up my thoughts. Soma is a great story game. The gameplay has been slightly too stripped for my taste, but they handle it pretty well and do keep you occupied and playing as it goes on. Sound, lighting, graphics are great and make an amazing atmosphere. The best atmosphere in the series. (I say series because I think Soma is also linked to the previous games in someway or another.)Just keep in mind that this game is still a bit of a walking simulator. If you are okay with that, then I think you will really enjoy this interesting and genuinely scary game. (although I am scared of everything.) There's also basically no jumpscares in the game, which I appreciate a lot. I say basically, because the one that did happen was probably my fault for looking around in the wrong directions.So if this sounds good to you, go for it. I think it's worth the price."
76561198277817132,Recommended,282140,31929691,Posted: 23 May,all,Driscol,One of the best games I've played in my entire life.
,Recommended,282140,31105897,Posted: 12 April,all,Fspirit,"Calling this a horror game wouldn't really do it justice.SOMA's selling points are its atmosphere, its story and its immersion.Frictional Games knocked the ball out of the park with their presentation. The world is beautiful and scary, unnerving and staggering. The best parts of this game are when you're not hiding from the monsters, but when the game lets you wonder around, immersing yourself in this incredible world they built.SOMA forces you to take some moral decisions which really made me stop to think for a while before making up my mind on what I think is best. You don't often see this in video games – especially not in this genre – and it pushes the boundries of what can be achieved in the horror genre if not games in general.The horror elements themself were what you'd expect – lots of hiding and avoiding, with the occaisional running from your life slapped in there for good measure. It's not an instant game over when the monsters find you either, instead they hurt you, causing your screen to distort. This distortion effect would stay until you'd heal at certain points scattered around the map.The distortion is one of my biggest gripes of the game – it didn't feel necessary and even though there's a reason for it being in place, it just gave me a headache.My second complaint isn't really a valid one when you think about it – the pacing.In my own playthrough, I found myself getting stuck for long periods of time, not able to figure out what I was supposed to do. One the one hand this may have been a bit frustrating at times, but it did force me to look around more, check every door, which resulted in me discovering a lot about the universe the game sets itself in.Overall this game is great, and I can only give it my full recommendation. It had my heart pounding at times, whilst simultaniously delivering an amazing narrative which was executed incredibly well."
,Recommended,282140,26105639,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,warwiik,"I stumbled upon this game by chance. I had not clue that this game was released a year ago.Usually, i don't comment games. But with this one, I had to make an exception.This game is a small masterpiece. Story is thrilling and mysterious. I thrived to find new documents, mails, all other available data to learn more about this story.The saying:""Me, myself and I""  has now, for me, different meaning.The underwater world is beautiful and the environment is really immersive.This game is not so scary as I thought. Definetely not so scary as Amnesia or Layers of Fear are. But the horror within this game is in service of the story. There are no jump-scares (except one in the middle of the game, which is unavoidable). Monsters are unique. The one in Tau station was really tough to avoid. Horror comes from the fact that you can't defend yourself.Journey from Omicron station to Tau station including decent into abyss, for me, was memorable one. I'll remember this experience for life. I've played many games but none made such realistic atmosphere. This game is not repetitive (although its linear but that I do not take as a flaw in this game).Frictional Games, thank you for this masterpiece and for the time that I've spent on this brilliant game.Similar games: Alien Isolation; Doom 3 (but with less monsters).The story surpassed my expectations in this game. Believe me, you will look on some things differently after playing this game. Makes you wonder ... (I won't spoil it for you!). Find out about it by yourself."
76561198017488853,Recommended,282140,26330696,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Wacks Tobacks,"Thinking about the implications this game sets forth for the preservation of mankind has terrified me far more than any other work of horror. I absolutely recommend this game and ask that if you do play it, that you sit down and really let this one sink in.Trust that it'll occupy much of your thought... for a VERY long time.Enjoy."
,Recommended,282140,23162204,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/ruOvxAIeNVsTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!SOMA is an atmospheric sci-fi psychological horror experience that will make you question yourself, and what it is to be human.I don’t want to say too much about the story, since I don’t want to give any spoilers. Much of the story is told with audio files, and character interaction, but there is more to learn if you want to take the time to explore, and discover written logs for more backstory. The story was extremely well done, and I enjoyed all of it. The experience was definitely a memorable one.The game is not a horror in your typical sense. It’s not loaded with jump scares like a lot of other horror games, but instead it relies on the eerie, immersive atmosphere, and the potential presence of creatures to keep you on your toes. I didn’t really feel scared, or have my heart racing like parts of Amnesia made me feel.The creatures in SOMA were very strange, and creepy. You can’t look at them for very long, or most of them will attack. You have no weapons, and you have to run, and hide if you catch their attention. There is a visual effect that shows you when monsters were near, and I would hide and be waiting, and I could tell that the creatures were getting closer, thinking to myself “please go away…”Some parts of the game, made me feel like a horrible person; the things the games makes you do, and the choices that the games lets you make on your own. It really made me think about the value of life, and sometimes made me questions my very own thoughts, ideals, and decisions.Pros:the characters were completely realistic, and the backstory, and their behaviours were believable and made sensethe story was extremely well done, and the experience was a memorable one that will lastSOMA was more about suspense, and fear of the unknown, instead of relying on jump scares; it’s a psychological horror that gets inside your head, and really makes you think about the story as you start putting it all togetherthe voice acting was impeccable, sound effects, and music were done very well, and the audio was extremely immersive (especially in the parts where you were in the water outside of the buildings looked and sounded fantastic)the graphics were great throughout the game, creating a dark and immersive worldthere are some community made mods that look interesting, and might be worth checking outsome parts in the game will stick with you long after playingCons:when the auto saves happened, I would have a very brief stutter until it finished, but it was always quick and not too frequent or disruptiveThe game took me about 12-13 hours (I played the first few hours offline), exploring as much as I could. Since the story is linear, I don’t feel the need to replay it. It’s been over a week since I played SOMA, and I still feel guilty thinking back to some parts of the game, and that stuff is going to stay with me a while.Conclusion:I’ve wanted to play SOMA since it was released, and I’ve had a few people suggest that I play it, but I was hesitant to spend the full price, so I waited for a sale, but I would not have been disappointed if I had paid full price. A game that makes me reflect on the things I did, and the choices I made for days and weeks after playing... just wow… SOMA was an amazing game, and I highly recommend it for those looking for a psychological horror story.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,282140,18189656,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,zebez,Amazing atmosphere and environments.Very engaging and interesting story.Believable world you feel a part of.The audio and music is incredible.It’s an incredible horror adventure. Play it now.
,Recommended,282140,30471484,Posted: 12 March,all,Gryphus,"This game is superb, and here is why.-Not because the horror factor: It's not as high as the Amnesia. There aren't even random ""scares"". This is more on the original Bioshock level, and not because they share an underwater scenario.-Not because scenario design: The game is absolutely linear. More freedom or multiple paths would've made this game amazing. Still I liked the designs of the facility.This game is great because the message it transmits about the ethos of humanity, both to each individual and as a whole. I seriously recomend you listen to EVERY optional audio log and read every computer terminal you find: Some give only contextual information or hints, but others contain major plot information.The ending is very good, including a post credits bonus scene. It can be guessed out past mid-game, but I think that makes it even better.Do yourself a favor and play this. If you like the original Ghost In the Shell, Ergo Proxy, the film Ex Machina or the Deus Ex games, you'll greatly enjoy this game."
,Recommended,282140,25049618,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Desmond先輩,Played this on Linux and it runs perfectly.The story is thick with tension and will put you into an existential crisis about the human condition.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what a climax!
,Recommended,282140,32493643,Posted: 16 June,all,Melon,"SOMA is wildly thought provoking on an existential level. I absolutely loved the story, and the ending made me cry for so many different reasons. Because you interact with the world around you, this story hits harder, both in the brain and heart, than most movies.If you're questioning the game, stop and buy it. Fantastic experience."
76561197987123664,Recommended,282140,22388421,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Martial.Lore,"I have played Bioshock. I have played Amnesia. I have played Dead Space. I have played The Talos Principle: If you took the setting from the first, the gameplay from the second, the horror of the third, and the themes, ideas and philosophy of the last; combined them with the catastrophe of Larry Niven's novelLucifer's Hammerand a solution suggested in Arthur C. Clarke'sHammer of God, and then put them all in a box and blasted them off into space; SOMA would live forever amongst the stars.It's not just a great game: it's a wonderfully realised story, a beautiful game and an exciting, horrifying, thrilling virtual experience. Would begin a new game in an instant (must post this review first)."
,Recommended,282140,23261457,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dano,"From someone who hates horror, I decided to play this game because the reviews were really good and I figured I'd give it a shot.My take:It's an outstanding game that was also NOT always particularly fun. There were a few times I was just frustrated and for some reason I always refused to watch a YouTube video to get past a part, etc. not being able to distract monsters by throwing things is also a really big like, ""well why have it then?"" Kind of thing. It's useful a few times but still.That out of the way, this game was awesome! Most atmospheric and interesting game I've played maybe ever. The water sequences were my favorite as well as the pacing. For being a horror game, they like also give you a break from time to time. It goes from being absolutely horrifying to relaxing, which makes both parts (the puzzles and the horror) that much more enjoyable and good. I would have preferred more puzzles than horror but whatever it was still good.Last thing is it's the only game I've played in a while that like I tend to think about from time to time... Partly because of that time I almost fell out of my chair or screamed like a little girl but also just like appreciating the story and although to me it was a predictable story, it was just freaking creepy, mind blowing and clean. Clean meaning it all made sense and felt consistent. For being so ridicoulous and unbelievable, it actually seemed very believable.Play it soon before the graphics get too outdated (cause they aren't just outstanding currently either)."
76561198069588361,Recommended,282140,19284485,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,도슬람 김티모,"This is not just a horror game this is something you can actually experience psycologically and philosophically. You will engage into the deep thoughts that you would never have in normal life. This would be the one of the greatest games ever made. It shows us the possiblity of new path of video game. Game can be really beautiful and majestic. This  is the true master of art. No book, No movie, Nothing really can match with this game I would say. Even though you are not big fan of the horror game, you should play this game"
76561198012770818,Recommended,282140,30908905,Posted: 2 April,all,Dranksta,I can't believe I let this sit in my Library for so long. Amazing game. Bioshock reminiscent feal.Polished gameplay Linear albeit. Superb story that you will remember for years.This is a Must Play game.
,Recommended,282140,24229067,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Raina Audron,"I really liked Amnesia when it first came out so I was wondering how had Frictional Games improved upon since then. I was definitely not disappointed. SOMA is eerily lot more scary in a different way than Amnesia though - the underlying ever present conflict of what constitutes as being alive and what is not bears on you throughout the whole adventure and the game gives you a few morally questionable choices, which make you think a lot about what is a self and consciousness. The monsters are very scary (had to pause the game a few times to catch my breath) and the sound in the game is great and make you feel all chilly inside. You can feel the despair of the inhabitants of Pathos 2 and as you discover the fate of mankind... the whole story is very engaging. Highly recommended!"
76561198044262196,Recommended,282140,18189369,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Extra Extra Extra Meat,10/10 spent the first 2 hours putting everything in a microwave
76561197996826746,Recommended,282140,32808929,Posted: 26 June,all,Fireprowler,"The good- Story- Characters- Environment design- Monster/character design- Improvement over AmnesiaThe bad- Optimisation- Unpolished (bugs)- AI ruining the scary factor once againWhile having a slow start and a poor performance on apperantly multiple setups, SOMA carries itself purely on it's interesting story and well written characters. With deep philosophical questions and interesting moral choices, even if those choices have zero impact on the story or the ending, it intrigues until the very twisted end. While the monsters and the environment look really nice, think H.R. Giger meets bioshock, the AI did make the impact of the monsters a lot less impressive, as a well paced sprint would often leave them baffled at your athletic prowess, rather than encouraging them for a good deadly chase. Also do mind yourself while in the power room in omicron, as crouching behind a badly placed table will result in u being stuck and having to reload a previous save, something that happens in other places as well, should the forum posts indicate anything.If u like a story driven game with well rounded characters and some really nice visuals to accompany than I will recommend this to u without hesitation. If u are looking for something gameplay intensive with amazing mechanics, great polish and story isn't that important to u, take a dive into another pool."
,Recommended,282140,18339129,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Imper1um,Frictional is one of the most hardworking developers out there and SOMA is the prime example of that. This is a game with a very unique personality and atmosphere. Don't miss out.
76561197984053244,Recommended,282140,18333283,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Matt518,You can throw Buddha statues at decapitated corpses.
76561198122051562,Recommended,282140,34732286,Posted: 4 September,all,Sassy The Sasquatch,"When the credits rolled on SOMA, my head fell into my hands. I felt relief that the harrowing journey was over, and was reeling at what my character had sacrificed along the way. SOMA is not just a horror game, it’s a nightmarish commentary on the possible future of humanity. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18581618,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Berto,"Not as scary or physically stressfull as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but not less unconfortable. SOMA is a psycological nightmare that asks moral questions that made me question what is to be human. A narrative masterpiece and a fantastic follow up to the classic Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Two very different games but both fantastic.4,5/5"
76561198010112719,Recommended,282140,18685297,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mr. Eff,"Frictional lends its physics-based, hide-from-the-monster formula to one hell of a story that still has me pondering. One of the most memorable game experiences I've had in the last several years.GAMEPLAY: If you've played Amnesia: The Dark Descent or Penumbra: Black Plague, you know what to expect - first person controls, click on objects to pick them up and throw them around, and sneaking around monsters with no combat option, so you'd best get used to hiding. Strangely, most puzzles in the game don't make use of the physics engine as they did in Frictional's previous titles, typically taking the form of using a computer in some form - for example, using hints provided to select the right settings to run a simulation. It's a bit of a disappointment, as it feels like the physics engine is only there because it's a Frictional game - there are only a handful of occasions in which it's used to progress the game. Otherwise, your time will be spent exploring the environment looking for key items to progress the story. It's straightforward and functional.GRAPHICS: The game looks nice, the underwater effects being particularly noteworthy - murky water is mildly illuminated by blurry lights on the ocean floor, as fish swim around you. The human character models are a bit awkward, having a bit of a robotic quality (which jars a bit against the REAL robots in the game), but there aren't many of them to be seen, so it isn't much of an issue. The environments are richly detailed, full of books, small statues, and other miscellaneous objects that make it all feel much more genuine. It feels like real people inhabited these areas - especially when you find the notes and pictures (which can be picked up and closely examined). My only real issues were a few frame rate drops, and that the facilities suffer from the usual problem of looking somewhat bland. I'm not quite sure who decided that all research facilities have to be completely sterile looking, but I don't blame people for going insane in these places.AUDIO: A huge variety of sound effects, used effectively - some of my most memorable moments come from screeching radio static and the noises of some of the robots. There was great care put into the sound design, and it shows, adding a more realistic feeling to the game. Music isn't a critical factor, with most of the audio coming in-game - footsteps, rushing water, bumps and bangs, etc.The voice acting is generally quite good, being emotive and natural sounding, though coming off as a bit stinted in places. Catherine in particular was acted very well, and one robot in particular early in the game gave me my first real shock with its mechanical and distorted, yet human voice.ENEMIES: Varied and creepy, they do their job and they do it well. Though two I would say are a bit unoriginal, they still provide scares as needed. As noted, you will be sneaking around them rather than fighting, and it works just as well as in previous entries. The biggest problem is that they aren't given a very satisfactory explanation - though it's mentioned how they came to be, a little background story into what made these creatures the way they are individually (each one encountered is very different) would have added a bit to it - even just a memo or a piece of dialogue now and again. As it stands, they feel like a bit of an afterthought, and clash with the tone of the game a bit.ENVIRONMENTS: The bottom of the ocean is a good setting for a horror (themed) game, and it was a nice change of pace compared to the usual hosptial, old castle, abandoned town, etc. of horror fare. You will be in one of two areas, typically: a laboratory/living quarters, or on the ocean floor, with some extras at the beginning and end of the game. As mentioined, they're very nicely detailed, and give off more of a mystery vibe than outright horror. There isn't a lot of decay and darkness here - they feel alive, or places that hosted life not so long ago. The segments between ocean and laboratory are spaced out pretty nicely, so they don't become tedious, which is important - it keeps the player on their toes, and prevents tediousness (I'm looking squarely at you, Alien: Isolation).HORROR: This isn't an outright horror game as were the Amnesia and Penumbra titles. It's more horror-THEMED, with emphasis on more sci-fi elements, and there isn't much of the slow, lonely, tension-building oppression of the great horror titles. Which is fine - this game knows what it's doing. In fact, I think that type of horror would have clashed with this game's narrative, which necessitated having a compaion for Simon to work out the mysteries of the game. The horror elements that ARE present, however, are very effective due to their being spaced apart. The player is given time to become comfortable and let down their guard, only to be preyed upon again, a concept which some horror games have somehow failed to grasp (hang your heads in shame, Alien and Evil Within). It won't terrify you like Amnesia, but it's good for some tense scares along the way.STORY: This is where the game shines. Its story asks tough questions of the player, and asks them to make tough decisions. The narrative has Simon go for a brain scan in relation to an injury, only to re-emerge in a lab on the ocean floor with no clue as to how he got there. As he traverses the facility, he - and the player - will have to (attempt to) discern what it means to be human, among other smaller, related questions. It made me think, and the ending had me sitting and looking at my floor as the credits rolled. It's been quite some time since a game has touched me as SOMA has, and that's what makes it so worthwhile. It's not perfect - there are a few changes I would have made to the pacing, and there's a character that's introduced fairly late in the game that feels like an afterthought - but overall, it's well worth the journey.Overall, SOMA isn't hugely innovative in terms of gameplay, graphics, etc. But its story is what makes it so worthwhile. It's nice to see Frictional create such a thoughtful and emotional narrative after becoming known for games primarily focused on raw horror. I could recommend this game to just about anyone other than those who are easily scared."
76561198043152770,Recommended,282140,32861544,Posted: 27 June,all,Perry2611,"The best horror game I've ever played. The terror doesn't come from supernatural creatures or legends. It's terrifying because it really makes the player think about the morals concerning Artificial Intelligence. In game, and out of it."
,Recommended,282140,32900412,Posted: 27 June,all,PhantomTehM8,*20 minutes in*my palms are sweatyKnees weak arms are heavyvomit on my sweater alreadyOH JESUS WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT THING
,Recommended,282140,18499041,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Night Druid,"SOMA is an ambitious work of science fiction which grapples with questions of consciousness and what it truly means to be human.Things never get boring in SOMA, thanks to an engaging story.The developer, Frictional Games, are masters of the survival horror genre, and it shows, as some areas invoke fear before you even see a monstrous robotic being. I expected nothing less from the developer behind Amnesia: The Dark Descent and I have to say, they've out done themselves this time.While some scares are unquestionably intense and terrifying, other monsters like the one you meet in Lambda are more annoying than scary.  The other half of the game consists of puzzle-solving and exploration making this game feel more open than the previous Penumbra or Amnesia games. However, at times and particularly in under water sections, the freedom creates unfortunate pacing problems.  I found the lack of maps / ""you are here"" signs in the under water section hindered my progression. I was irritated that I spent almost 2 hours at one particular station looking for a zepplin control panel to take me to the next area.  There is no marking to indicate where your next objective lies, and a great deal of time can be spent trying to find things.Story!Like the very best horror stories, SOMA maintains an unsettling level of ambiguity and dread, which has you doubting everyone and everything around you. The main character, Simon, wakes up aboard a dilapidated, abandoned research facility at the bottom of the ocean shortly after having his brain scanned by a doctor.The prequel story of PATHOS 2 can be pieced together by frequently encountered (but often unreliable) black-boxes. It’s genuinely disconcerting, and few games play with ambiguity so well while telling a story that players can follow.Simon’s awakening is prefaced by a famous quote from Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ “Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away.” The quote alludes to the particular type of uncertainty at play; as you soon meet a variety of malfunctioning robots who talk and behave like they are real humans.You soon realise these robots don’t perceive themselves to be machines at all, since they’re running digital and identical copies of a person’s mind scanned for the A.R.K Project.  This plot point opens your mind to philosophical questions to be tackled. At first, Simon thinks these machines are being remote-controlled, functioning as avatars for people located elsewhere.These robots aren’t sleek, fleshy androids like the ""Working Joes"" in Alien Isolation.Although slightly bipedal, they’re rusty, broken-down heaps of metal, spewing oil, yet this only intensifies the tragedy of the situation. They believe themselves to be human, and can’t understand why you can’t see them as such.It’s simultaneously intriguing and tragic, and when you’re given the choice to unplug these machines or ""save them"", SOMA throws up some fascinating dilemmas which I’ve thought more and more about since finishing it.Did I do the right thing by killing Amy? Or could I have saved her? Should I have saved Carl instead of electrocuting him?These were questions I asked myself upon dealing with their consequences.Hide and Seek GameplaySOMA is fascinating on multiple levels. It has fewer original ideas than amnesia did, but ultimately it’s built upon the framework of Amnesia with the ‘hide in a corner crying as the monster slowly approaches’ feel to the gameplay.Gameplay involves cowering in corners or behind doors waiting for the big bad thing to lose interest and wander out of the area you happen to be in. The robots infected by a rogue, self-replicating AI are intimidating and scary, but after a while they become frustrating since there’s no discernible way to avoid them.For instance, Amnesia had a mechanic at your disposal that gave the player the ability to pick up objects and throw them to lure a creature away to investigate a noise. Sadly, the mechanic has been removed from SOMA.Puzzles!Exploration and puzzle-solving fill in the rest of SOMA’s gameplay. While some of its research stations are dimly-lit and streaked with blood, there’s a surprising amount of variety to be discovered. Horrible, claustrophobic places where cables wrap around objects like sinew on bone. In fact, one of SOMA’s most consistently terrifying sequences takes place in the Mariana trench and there’s a rather hungry sea creature after you.Puzzles are more infuriating, however. There are a couple of decent ones, with some of the best puzzles being linked to SOMA’s premise.It entails booting up a ‘person’s’ consciousness and manipulating their reality via an operating system, in order to extract valuable information. It made me think about how people torture Sims and I found that it wasnt so different...Verdict:SOMA is an interesting game, its a masterpiece of both horror and storytelling.It's horrific setting, monsters, choices and dark subject give this game a unique feel even if the horror genre is over done in todays market.Score:9/10"
,Recommended,282140,34512772,Posted: 26 August,all,R۞o۞c۞k۞o۞D۞S۞S,"So I just finished the game and felt the need to write something good about it.Wow, what a story. This is more like a novel where you are immersed in a crazy world where humans are on the edge of extinction. 100% worth your time and money. The amount of details is huge, I probably spent 90% of my time slow walking just so I could admire every details."
,Recommended,282140,26801024,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WH1TEWOLF,"Sometimes you're in the shower and you start thinking:.. Am I really human? What is a human? Am I alive? Am I conscious? What happens when I die? Would it be cool to live forever? Are we in the Matrix? What is reality? Where is the god damn shampoo??If you want to extend that sense of philosophical questioning, maybe even find some answers, and also like cool sci-fi underwater environments, tense atmospheres and killer robots, then you should get this game."
76561198031871357,Recommended,282140,34101504,Posted: 8 August,all,M.F.D,"I came in thinking for a cheap thrill horror show seeing how they can crank up the terror to 11. But what I got instead is a well fleshed out world with surprising amounts of detail that I wish to uncover. The world is an amazing place to explore with the underlying tones that ask what it means to exist and to be human and explores how'd you feel if you were a just a bag of chemical reactions.Overall the only downside were the mechanics of running and hiding. I believe they could have done alot more with it by having enemies with different patterns of scouting and detection, or having animated screens in the many consoles you'll encounter. But don't let that detract you from getting the game.Ultimately this game is an adventure if you are already familiar with really scary things like Dead Space. If you haven't played Dead Space then its a horror adventure."
,Recommended,282140,25360402,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,HolyFather,"A Sci-Fi masterpiece. Get it now, do not wait for any sales."
,Recommended,282140,32177071,Posted: 4 June,all,Draugemalf,Has a good price/gametime ratio. Also mods.
76561198068016114,Recommended,282140,31570924,Posted: 5 May,all,SpaceCadetKevin,This game made me sad. It made me question reality and made me sad.10 outta 10. Would be sad again.
76561198119547960,Recommended,282140,22496246,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Luci [Devil Devil -- Milck],"Hmm~ ! I'm suffering from deep sea phobia !!! so ... I bought this !  I may never be able to embrace the sea in my entire real life , but through this game , I can feel the same thing !  Fear, helplessness, pressure , endless darkness , maybe giant monster we never seen , if you have deep sea phobia  you know what I'm talking about !  Ocean covering approximately 71 percent of earth's surface , in the ocean you never know what under your feet ... Fear comes from the unknown ...OK ~ I give five star for this game !   great story , great voice actor , and horror BGM !  buy now  , you will not regret it !"
,Recommended,282140,26248394,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,tomatoes.dll,"Since I played the first game in the Penumbra series, I was hooked on this sort of ""horror adventure."" I came from the world of Myst and it's ilk, so horror gaming combined with adventure was new to me.Since then, there isn't a single Frictional Games release I have not regarded as epic. They evolve, and they continue to invoke more story into the experience.A Machine for Pigs took a nice step in that direction, but nothing compares to the leap in story driven glory SOMA brings to the table.As I played the game, I noted to myself how, unlike the prior games, this one felt less lonely; a companion was near, even if sometimes not in your hand or arms. The story will address that as well, in a very powerful way as it comes near its close. That surprised me more than just about anything else. I wondered, ""Did the devs leave me thinking I had companionship, which I did in one sense, yet rip it from me and leave me alone?""I won't tell you that answer, you'll have to see for yourself.When the ending(s) came, it was the culmination of a brilliant story in a way that both saddened and elated. It was two endings in one.The downside to SOMA is only one, as far as my experience dictates, and that is there is more long searching for locations than should have been required. Otherwise, the game is nearly flawless. It is beautiful, scary, scientific and futuristic like Dead Space meets Amnesia, and all around beautiful to view.This is a story that will jolt the mind. Finish this game, and you will understand the depth of the dev's storytelling.This is easily an 8 out of 10, and would be a 10 out of 10 were it not for the time spent figuring out where to go next.Do yourself a favor if you choose to play this game: Get to the end, thenwatch the credits, then you'll see the brilliance in this story.Hope this was useful, and thanks for reading."
,Recommended,282140,26344261,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"Wow! And I mean, just wow! I have just finished this gem and I am still under its influence. SOMA is a great experience and it is on par with many other great FPS horror titles (for me such games are Alien Isolation and Outlast). But let us not go that far! First things first.Frictional Games is a Swedish video game developer company. They are famous for - beside SOMA, of course - the Penumbra and the Amnesia series. This is a bit of an overstatement when it comes to the latter since they only published Machine for Pigs and did not develop it. In any case SOMA is their latest game and it borrows a lot of ideas introduced in previous titles.Our protagonist, Simon, wakes up in his apartment and realises he has an appointment with a doctor. While shuffling through his personal belongings we can find a fluid essential to his treatment at the clinic. At mentioned facility we greet our doctor and start a small talk just before sitting into a chair to get our neuroscan done once and for all. Now, interestingly, Simon wakes up much, much later in an underwater facility without knowing what has happened to him.In this rusty, run-down establishment we encounter not a single soul but quite many robots, plus, the more progress we make the more questions we have regarding our surrounding area. Via communications we meet Catherine, a fellow survivor who becomes our aid (and vica versa) in our quest to get out somehow. This last statement is not entirely true but revealing anything more of the story would be a huge spoiler.Now, SOMA is similar to Amnesia. We hide, we crouch, we walk in shadows otherwise we get captured and hit by the monsters roaming the underwater facilities. As usual, we have audio logs and documents scattered across the various levels giving us more information on the background story. We also activate switches, work with computers and carry items. One item, our so-called omnitool is upgradeable and is a useful companion throughout the game.The setting is fantastic! Nothing better than a facility underwater with tight, dark corridors. It can certainly give you claustrophobia. We often go outside into the dark abyss. In fact, we reach deeper areas of the ocean that barely have any lighting. Beacons help us navigate in an otherwise terrifying area. And everything, I mean everything has been carefully made: attention-to-detail is excellent. The latest (nr 3) iteration of the HPL engine does its job wonderfully. The blackish liquid oozing through machines and the cancerous bumps that become great twining arms are a great sight.What the game does better than Amnesia (beside graphics) is its gameplay. A hit does not kill us instantly but we are left alone for a while; it gives us enough time to regain our senses before the monster returns. Do note, however, that being captured comes with a penalty: Simon has worse eyesight and starts walking lamely. This limp may make things more difficult, however, healing stations can be found quite often restoring us to our previous self.SOMA is by far Frictional Games' best effort at the survival horror genre. For me it surpasses any other title and I bow before the game's creators for taking the effort to create a survival game with a roughly 12-hour long campaign which is very engaging from start to finish. You think the monster in Amnesia was scary? Wait till you meet the ones in SOMA.All 5 of them."
,Recommended,282140,23715790,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,adrianmarshall167,"It took me a while to come back around to this game because of one particular section, but after finding a way around it I'm in the home stretch, so I felt it was time to write a little bit about the game.I love the storyline. It's clear that this is where Frictional truly worked their hardest, and the thematic elements of life, death and beyond are captivating. The voice acting is also very good, proving an effective means to immerse the player in the sunken experiment of PATHOS-II. But one thing in particular has been eating at me throughout the course of the game: the monsters. Frictional has done a fantastic job with their creatures prior to this; even A Machine for Pigs, usually noted as a low point in the Frictional canon, impressed me with the placement of the enemies, more of an augmentation to an overall unpleasant atmosphere, and a somewhat frightening unknown in a world that seems to consistently make you question the validity of the shoes you walk in, as well as emphasizing dread over numerous encounters. The Dark Descent did it masterfully as well, creating a hostile environment that felt escapable but purposeful in the way the monsters occupied the world, a manifestation that could be either of the mind or of reality, informed in their grotesque nature by the unstable mind you occupy.SOMA does not provide the player with obvious conclusions as to why these monsters are there, let alone provide them as a means to convey a horrific situation. Instead they border on busy work, quite frequently causing the player aggravatingly pointless inconvenience. My playthrough has taken much longer than I expected for that reason, and while the creatures are intriguing to look at and clearly designed well, for a player who cannot seem to justify their existence more than for a Frictional touch on the game, I do not see what contribution they make to an otherwise incredibly well thought out story. I did some reading online and uncovered some of the lore related reasons for their presence, but it did little to answer my overarching problem with the gameplay; why create an unnecessary nuisance to inhibit players from progression and reveal the flawed fetch quests the game otherwise had a solid, story centric purpose for?When the game was announced, the developers said that they wanted any player to be able to finish the game, and to do so at their own pace. But it seems as though the developers have not taken into account that the enemies they ejected so unnaturally into the game do little to explain themselves, and create disinterest in finishing the game thanks to the uneven pace that comes from its irritating hide and seek. Even now I find myself only attempting to finish the game for the lack of other titles that have been released that meet the somewhat uncommon science fiction horror criteria, mostly because of the excellence of the Alien franchise, which finally has an adaptation in video games worth playing, and I will always remember that game fondly.In short, SOMA is to games as Event Horizon is to film; all of the pieces are in place for something truly amazing, easily outshining many other titles in design and narrative in its ambition. But in the end, poor pacing and badly executed scare tactics prevent it from being a true classic, and I'll only remember it for what flaws prevented it from being the experience that it could have been.Play it for the story, and leave it at that."
,Recommended,282140,18196076,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Bad Sector,"One of the greatest games i've played this year so far. Not as high on horror as Frictional's previous games, but it works better with the much richer narrative that SOMA has. If anything, i'd like less monsters and more puzzles and exploration :-P."
,Recommended,282140,31480818,Posted: 1 May,all,Smoker,Will be thinking about this one for awhile.
,Recommended,282140,19237849,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,A1C | aham5,"This game takes the mystery and spookiness of the ocean, and mixes it with both thought provoking ideas, and tense monster sequences. One of the best horror games in a while."
76561198036091185,Recommended,282140,26290295,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ebin Caps,"Amazing story, creepy atmosphere and good monster design. Personally, I don't find it that much scary but the atmosphere will give you the chills and the story will make you want to play it until the end. I don't see a replay value but that shouldn't stop you from playing the game. The story will give you something to think about.  8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,282140,29073877,Posted: 6 January,all,Hemix,Game worth playing by anyone. It's actually a piece of art.For the sake of your own experience DON'T READ OR WATCH ANYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME.The less you know the better it will be.
76561198002484443,Recommended,282140,18312642,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,no pie for you,I'm never going near an ocean. Or anything with metal. Or robots. Or computers.
,Recommended,282140,31698668,Posted: 12 May,all,Qualia,"My new favourite game. Mainly for it's spectacular storytelling. This game proves that games can have a better story than movies. It has action, drama, horror, comedy, romance, literally everything. God this is so good. Even though the story is pretty short, less is sometimes more.If you consider yourself gamer, well, you're not a dedicated one if you haven't played this game."
76561198073518452,Recommended,282140,23756564,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,smile13241324,"This was one of the best games I have ever played!The most interesting thing was that I was not only hooked by the increbly dense atmosphere but also on a real storywhich could also have been a Holywood blockbuster or an old school sciencefiction book.I would strongly recommend that game to everyone liking classic sciencefiction novels.And don't mind the price, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,282140,26303439,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mr Adde,"Massively impressive story, character writing, and acting - all working together in creating this dark and authentic atmosphere that is constantly surrounding the player.It's a game that really draws you in, forcing you to reflect on heavy subjects and morals. As a cherry on top, the design and aesthetics are on point."
,Recommended,282140,18181403,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Mallikeet,"SOMA is nothing short of an absolute masterpiece of a game.After 5 years of waiting since Amnesia: The Dark Descent, my hopes could not have been higher for SOMA. I was not disappointed, though I was somewhat surprised to find that SOMA was very different from the previous games.  The horror this time around is less sequence focused and much more story focused. The game itself is very heavily story focused, much moreso than the Penumbra and Amnesia, however it does absolutely does NOT become a walking simulator like AAMFP.Visuals are significantly improved over the previous games as well, with much more detail, outdoor areas, and overall feeling much more present and alive. The lighting is top-notch, though it does seem like they didn't quite make the most of the deferred system, still lacking methods such as volumetric lighting and radiosity. Textures, although well done, should have shipped higher res. Despite the texture shortcoming, it sill looks phenomenal at any resolution, including 4KThe downside is that SOMA is much harder to run as well, occasionally getting slowdowns to around 20-30 FPS.Sound design is masterful in SOMA, the sound and visuals combining to create the all important horror atmosphere in a manner I can only call flawless, and I would argue that SOMA has some of the greatest sound design of any game I had ever played. The soundtrack is a bit more subtle this time around, but at many times it has a fitting Vangelis-esque feel to it.Gameplay is pretty much the same as Amnesia and Penumbra, but much more exploration and discovery oriented rather than fully horror oriented. The puzzles are fewer and smaller as well.The story is where this game shines; It is dark, beautiful, thought-provoking, and can even be heavily emotional at times. This will certainly be a strong contender for the best game story of 2015. Additionally, SOMA has now claimed the title of best story in a horror game from Silent Hill 2.Overall verdict: RECOMMEND IT - Those who absolutely loved Amnesia and other Frictional games should buy it ASAP to experience before it becomes too widespread on youtube. Those who were not so much fans of Amnesia, but seek a very well-told Science Fiction story and an atmosphere to be immersed in may wait for a sale or price drop."
76561198088816688,Recommended,282140,24510560,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Andrew Destructo,"I was expecting to be scared (and I was), but I wasn't expecting it to make me cry.MAXIMUM FEELS OVERDRIVE!"
76561197972036041,Recommended,282140,25048106,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,",^,""","This game is seriously the best horror game I've ever played.It is so immersive that I litterally felt ... huh no spoilers ...Great work on the scenario (seriously the best crafted scenario I've ever seen in a game), huge work on sounds and level design ... a masterpiece!For dudes who like to be immersed in a realistic and terrifying universe.Not for people looking for stupid jumpscares :)."
76561198001691331,Recommended,282140,18143457,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rasgard,"Great atmosphere and story so far. Really like how you actually have time to experience the story and actually pay attention to the notes and various details. Unlike Amnesia: The Dark Descent you are just constantly running around and just doing puzzles but story does not get through, in SOMA the story is rich enough so that it does not have to be stretched like a rubber band in previous Amnesia games. The narrative relies on 2 parts, just the main story line and you figuring out puzzles and various side narrative puzzles that help you understand the world even better.The game can definatly be scary and spooky but its just the right amount of down time and scary time. Since if a game is so stressful all the time like Amnesia The Dark Descent, instead of feeling like ""man what an awesome game"", you feel like ""man I'm such a hero for finishing such a scary game, but not truly appreciating the game as a whole"". With SOMA you feel like it is a seamless experience and puzzles, atmosphere and the scares have a good flow to them. I also like how this game does not rely on jump scares but is still scary during encounters.Another great factor is that different creatures/monsters give you different types of scares. Which is again unlike Amnesia is not OMG thats the Grunt run run run, or the actual nightmare monster run run run. Even though they are different monsters they feel the same. In SOMA the distinction is there which is awesome for variety and experience."
,Recommended,282140,18601336,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,👾 🅼 🅰❎ツ,Most terrifying experience of 2015
,Recommended,282140,18166995,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"Very atmospheric. Kind of lets you figure things out for yourself, makes you use your brain, while giving no explanation what so ever. Learn as you go, takes you to the bottom of the abyss, and leaves you there, all alone. Home is a state of mind."
76561197992121541,Recommended,282140,22916661,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Commandante,"I guess ""mindf*ck"" describes everything about this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,27802168,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,=(eGO)=™ MIB2,"SOMA is a very special kind of horror. The enjoyment from playing it come form the stellar setting and the ambience that immerse you into the universe. The story is quite good too, even though some plot twists are rather expected. The most peculiar thing about SOMA is that, even though the world around you is cold, unwelcomming and hostile, it still feels alluring in some haunting sort of way.8.9/10 (but in a good way)"
76561198026395370,Recommended,282140,33542004,Posted: 14 July,all,God Eater,"Soma is not a just a normal game. Although it has some horror elements, just calling this game a horror adventure does not do it justice. Soma is simply an experience. Only those who have payed it, understand what I mean."
76561197972729524,Recommended,282140,19088125,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Perus_TC,"Ok,absolutely one of the most engrossing,creepy,well thought out,brilliantly written pieces of video art I have ever had the pleasure of owning and playing.The sound design alone is worth the price of admission.The best 25 bucks I have spent since last year.Alien Isolation is the ONLY game I enjoyed as much or more than this title.You have no weapons,just your wits and an omni-tool.The story really keeps you involved with NO gaps in the telling whatsoever.Spotless.Just a note to Frictional Devs.......You quit making games like this and I am coming looking for you.......    ;)   11\10Oh yes,I forgot to mention....having played Amnesia and the (Penumbra on disk) series I am ecstatic that this one holds true to the bloodline.VERY well done!"
,Recommended,282140,22850847,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Stupendous Man,"I've just finished this game an hour ago, and wanted to write down my thoughts while they are fresh.SOMA is an incredible game. I was recommended to try it after having played, and spoken highly of, The Talos Principle by Croteam. While SOMA is a horror game it has many common elements with The Talos Principle, namely the philosophy. SOMA isn't just a horror game about evading monsters, it's a story about humanity and consciousness.Obviously I won't spoil the story, you should go into it with as little prior information as possible. During the playthrough I often had to stop for a day to fully assimilate the story, and take it all in. While it doesn't necessarily present any new ideas, it presents them very well.The atmosphere of the game is just incredible, I really felt like I was there on the bottom of the ocean. The environments were realistically modeled, everything looked like you would expect a real submerged base to look. Both graphics and sound was top notch.I have one major complaint, though: the monsters are simply frustrating! Luckily there are not many of them, but when you run into them, you wish they weren't there. They are relatively scary, true, but mostly they are just a frustration that stops you from going where you wish to go, or do what you need to do. Often I had to sit in a corner for several minutes and wait until a monster left the vicinity, before I could get on with the task at hand. I don't think the game would have suffered much from having no monsters, or at least they should have been better done.While this isn't so much a review as my rambling thoughts, I can 100% recommend this game if you are interested in philosophy, or just want to experience an incredibly atmospheric game. It is among the best games I've ever played, even if it isn't THE best. The only thing detracting a bit form the experience is the monsters, as I noted above."
,Recommended,282140,24967913,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Victoria The Eternal,"an absolutely breathtaking experience, an incredible concept. SOMA broke my heart multiple times throughout the storyline(in a good way), and while i never felt myself being overly afraid while playing it, the questioning of morality and what it means to be human definitely left an impact on me emotionally.simon, catherine, and everyone else who once worked for PATHOS-II all have interesting stories to them. the correspondence between simon & catherine is really great. not going to lie, i may have developed a little crush on catherine while playing the game. i'm such a sucker for well-developed video game ladies LMAOloved amnesia, and to be honest, i loved this one just as much, if not more!SOMA is unique, but if ihadto compare it to other games i've enjoyed, i'd say,very lovingly,that it's likeamnesia, portal, andbioshockall had a baby together. and the baby they had was SOMA, and the baby turned out GREAT.plus, i just REALLY like stories that have robots.very worth playing!"
,Recommended,282140,31913534,Posted: 23 May,all,Hell Razor,"This was... Amazing!As the game was made by the creators of Amnesia, I will compare them a bit.So.. It's scary. Not less scary then Amnesia, and maybe even more (of maybe it's because I played Amnesia long time ago), and there's the similar feeling of lonelyness. But the story in this game is much, much deeper!  I can say it's one of the deepest games ever! Bioshock Infinte level! One of those games when after finishing it you just sit staring at the screen and thinking...The atmosphere is somewhat close to Alien Isolation with the touch of first Bioshock - classic sci-fi at the bottom of the ocean with Giger-like techno-bio tentacle-cords and pipes and a stuff...Totally recomended to everyone who like horror, but mostly to those who like to think.And don't miss the after-title scene!"
,Recommended,282140,34114669,Posted: 8 August,all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,"Not just another mindless horror game, if you want that go elsewhere. it's not even that scary, but more sad/inspirational & more importantly there's a deeper meaning to this game. If you haven't played this go & play it, such a creatively intelligent masterpiece.For people who have played it:All of the chat I've read from people who have played this game since I finished it is just plain rediculous to me. I feel there is a philosiphical message here that most people are missing. The game is of course open to interpretation but for me the game, hence the title is about a person who had a severe somatic occurance & has lost their body in a way, hence the fact that your body is not your body anymore & has depression along with it hence the alienated world/stress/doom, his mind & body are not as one anymore so he may as well be dead. Maybe the game is like a portrayaldepersonalization disorder?, idk but there is strong links between the two. Simon (the character in the game) is never sure of the bad predicaments he is getting himself into in the beginning & end (much like everyday life) but his life in the beginning was not ideal. In the game you have to delete/copy yourself over, to try & get yourself back, well if something really bad happens to you that's what you have to do to survive. If your house burned down & the roof come off it you wouldn't want to stay their anymore in an empty shell would you?, No, it would be better to destroy the rest of it & start over & try to recreate what you once had. Don't settle for 2nd best it's all or nothing. So mentally & physically if something bad happens to you, destroy it rebuild/copy over & over otherwise you will be stuck in a place of doom & gloom. You might feel dead through the process & not yourself anymore but ironically that's life, there's no easy way out of a bad situation. After all Simon goes through the end seemed really pleasant & a good outcome for him. I would think that if you went through this whole OBE you would be a far better version of yourself. The ending should make you not want to give up & appreciate your life more. Enter famous quote “the role of art is to remind us of our mortality.""Anyways, that's just my opinion/perception. End of rant.Gameplay really lacking, it could have been so much better. I'll forgive most of the gameplay because of how well the game survives just on story/message which is really RARE 9.5/10."
,Recommended,282140,33463070,Posted: 11 July,all,Gaming Ravenclaw,"This game.I don't know what to say about it.Its a horror game to say the least, and one of the best I've ever played.The story is amazing. The atmosphere, amazing. Everything about this game is amazing. The voice acting, the graphics, the sounds, the creatures, the ending the beginning, choices that affect the story.Seriously get the game and if you find it to be too scary for you, well there a mod that makes it so the ""monsters"" can't kill you. Great, right?Get this game. It's amazing. I haven't been able to get it out of my head since the first day I played it. And don't watch a let's play. Go into this blind. It's worth it."
76561198240894442,Recommended,282140,27299073,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sinister_Ways,"TL;DR: A game where plot twists and jump scares create a horrifying and cenamatic experience.StorySOMA produces a well written story where an average day at the doctors office can lead to an alternate reality after getting a brain scan. The phrase, ""Indians believe cameras would steal a person's soul, is referenced in multiple parts of the game when transfers of the human soul or concious occur. The concept of being able to take a person's soul or concious and transfer them to another person's body is the creepiest idea i've ever seen put into a video game. Making copies of people's conciousness into a virtual reality machine is scary enough, but people trying to kill themselves so they can experience their copies perspective is horrifying.GameplaySOMA's gameplay makes the game feel like a survival horror with unique enemy mechanics and a solid sneaking mechanic. The enemy models look terrifying and adding effects like screen shacking/effects and creepy music does a great job creating a horrorfying atmosphere. Adding areas where having to deal with disfigured monsters by either sneaking by them or activiating a server very slowly. Finding bits of information about the current reality, the transition between the old reality and the new one, and how the new world became the way it is allows players to fill in the plot holes. This encourages players to roam around and search for answers to questions they have about the story and the world they are playing in. Puzzels in game are not too difficult and not too numerous either, but this is a plus as the game focuses more on the horrific atmosphere and story telling than rigorus puzzles.Replay ValueSOMA's great atmosphere and story make for enjoying multiple playthroughs because player's can choose the result of what happens to certain people and events througout the game. Revisiting areas to finding new rooms, pieces of information that were undescovered, and dying animations not yet experienced.Recommend?SOMA is an experience more than a horror game, by creating a story and atmosphere no game has yet to offer. Do i recommend this game? Absolutley!! This is a horror game that brings a new concept and depth to the meaning of horror and survival. While this game is on sale for $12 US it is a must buy for fans of horror and horror survival."
,Recommended,282140,23735551,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zatore,"I'd really like avoid reviewing the game based on its predecessors. Amnesia: TDD is a great game but doesn't have any real bearing on Soma. While there are a lot of similarities, Soma is its own game and deserves to be treated as one. With that being said, there are mechanical similarities and its method of storytelling hasn't strayed too far off. I would strongly recommend you play both games and compair them for yourself.Soma asks a lot of deap questions about ethics of replacing humans with machines. Can humans continue to exist without a physical presance? I'm woefully unqualified to answer such questions, but it is interesting to at least think about and determine what your own beliefs are. The game asks you to draw a line at what your own ethics are and then asks you to cross the line. It pushes you toward an end that you know is coming and has you decide for yourself based on your own morals. The process of making you cross that line has you questioning weather or not you believe in human consciousness. You know that there can be a better place and going there takes your humanity, but realizing that you already sacrificed it has you thinking if you really want to live anymore. Is it right to end your own life yet allow a simulation of yourself to live as a soulless duplicate? Answering these questions is difficult so don't think you will have a clearly defined threshold, just remember the things discussed in the game might not be science fiction for much longer.The story has a lot going for it. The confusion of things you don't yet know provides a great platform for learning and horror. It reinforces the mechanical aspects of the game and allows you to be immersed in the world that you are currently questioning. Is anything even real anymore? The way we experience the supporting characters shows us that the boundarys between real and virtual have been smeared. At first you believe that the workers are being controlled by humans, but you quickly realize that there aren't anymore living people. They all exist in a virtual world. The realization that you have the power to destory the last remnant of someone just by turning off the power is horrifying.Mechanics can set the tone and pace of a game. Soma is a good balance betweek keeping the pace of the game moving forward but slowing you down just enough to think about what you're doing. With that in mind there are some issues. Those of you familiar with Frictional's previous games will feel right at home with the controlls and physics of the game. you will understand how the puzzles are layed out and what you need to do to proceed. This is when the game is at its worst. Part of a horror game is not knowing what to do, how do you move on? Soma lacks the complexity of inventory management. It doesn't ask you to keep track of how much of a light source you have left. Managing these different aspects adds an uncertanty to the game it is sorely missed. Uncertanty can add to the fear of moving forward; not knowing whats ahead and if you will be prepared or not. Pushing forward into the unknown is the most horrifying thing about Frictional's games and some of the seriousness was taken out of those elements by knowing that you are prepared for whatever comes your way.Overall this game still provides great scares and exploration of its setting and philosophys. It questions your own morals and limits as a player. I would strongly recommend this game to anyone looking to try out this genre and encourage you to try out Amneisa and compair the games for yourself."
,Recommended,282140,33131588,Posted: 2 July,all,Xancake,A fantastic game that has a great atmosphere. Really makes you think and get invested into the story.
,Recommended,282140,22569348,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Hexadecachoron,"I don't like survival horror, but in fact it's not horror. SOMA is more a sci-fi book, than a videogame. Epigraph by Philip K. Dlck truely describes the whole atmosphere. You are a character from ""A Maze of Death"" or ""Rautavaara's Case"" (I don't think it's a spoiler) and dive deeper and deeper through the border between reality and ""reality"". True masterpiece of the sci-fi genre!"
,Recommended,282140,29634904,Posted: 1 February,all,gamerexq,"Creepy and mysterious, SOMA pulls you in with its atmospheric presence and captivating story. Following the journey of Simon, bookseller from Toronto, you quickly embark on a magical destination in a world where you'll question your very existence.Pros:Captivating story that will hold you throughout the whole gameIncredible voice acting  that gives a great charm to the charactersAtmospheric albeit creepy and disturbing scenes to exploreWonderful visual and audio designCons:Monster although establish eerie atmosphere that oozes out of the game, are more often that not hindering your progress and unnecessary slow you downPuzzles can be frustratingTL:DR; Incredibly well written story set in a sci-fi setting will leave you astonished and overwhelmed by its presence. SOMA is ambitious but very well executed title that provides fullfilling narrative set in the Atlantic ocean.StoryTaking a role of Simon, bookseller from Toronto, you quickly embark on a magical destination in a world where you'll question your very existence. Creators of previously very successful title named Amnesia: The Dark Descent take on very ambitious but interesting story that holds nothing back. Voice acting is great and leaves a imminent impact on you connecting with most of the characters you encounter. Ending while revealing nothing, is something to leave you speechless but also disturbing in a certain kind of way.GameplayWhile the game follows same tradition as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, SOMA offers interesting puzzles that are relatively fair to the player but can leave you in frustration while searching for the right answer hunted by annoying monsters. While it's definitely not a walking sim given that it combines puzzle elements and exploration very well, monsters that you encounter although will set that eerie and disturbing atmosphere, are nothing but nuisance that prevent you from progressing further into the depth of SOMA.Graphics, optimisation and soundtrackVisually SOMA doesn't offer anything revolutionary. But it definitely sets a fantastic tone combined with audio design that will be appeal to many. Optimisation although not perfect, is nothing to worry about.Is this game ProperValue for your money?Fan or not of this genre, story that this game presents is incredibly written and is a must-buy to anyone looking for a great tale presented in a rather interesting but disturbing way.If you liked this review, please consider subscribing to our curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ProperV#curation"
,Recommended,282140,18354985,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ʇʇɐW,best game 2105.
,Recommended,282140,18212400,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,nutcrackr,"Frictional Games have outdone themselves by producing a substantial and intriguing adventure that has all the horror trappings we have come to expect from the talented studio. This is their best looking and most atmospheric game yet, with tense interiors and isolating ocean walks. The variety of creatures and locations is quite surprising and progression is steady thanks to good horror pacing and increasing unease. The tension is complemented by an intriguing story and a large cast of voiced characters. Interactivity within the world is basic and logical, but it still proves valuable and keeps the player firmly grounded in the world. With more complicated puzzles and a greater challenge, it would have been almost perfect. SOMA is one of the finest horror-adventure games thanks to its thick atmosphere, healthy variety, tidal pacing and riveting narrative.Read Full Review"
,Recommended,282140,30583906,Posted: 17 March,all,Shiverwarp,"Absolutely incredible. Somehow Frictional does it again.Beautiful breathtaking environments, foreboding and frightening, mysterious and marvelous.If you have any interest at all in an immersive storytelling experience, you must play SOMA. Horror fan or not."
,Recommended,282140,28173158,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ishani,"A masterpiece, from stem to stern. A year on and I remember vividly the 13 hours I spent in SOMA's grip. A phenominal story - and I don't just mean ""for a videogame"" - that will challenge, compel and unsettle. Superbly realised world with Frictional's wonderful knack for immersion & panic in full force. Fantastic audio design.Turn down the lights, get your headphones on, allow it to get its hooks in. The long-term existential damage is totally worth it."
,Recommended,282140,23931614,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lelouch,"In a generation dominated by Competitive Shooters and MOBA's, SOMA is a breath of fresh air that reinvigorates the enormous power of Video Games as a story telling medium.  SOMA has by far one of the most intense and compelling story lines I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing in a video game. Rich with Philosophical context, Enthralling Atmospehere and Nebulous World lore that is gently introduced and progressively fleshed out makes the experience almost cinematic. The philosophical thematic of SOMA dives in deep into 'What it truly means to be human?' and 'What does it mean to be alive?' and many more existential questions regarding the existence of humankind. All this is executed so well that the way each question is explored is absolutely fantastic.The gameplay of SOMA is tagged with 'Horror', While that is true, There is a marked difference between the gameplay of a typical horror game and SOMA.That is the fact that the horror in SOMA feels genuine, It doesn't rely on cheap jump scares to create a superficial sense of fear to make you scream. The horror SOMA is more of an innate feeling of helplessness against the most deadly of scenarios. For someone who dislikes jump scares this is one aspect that I found genuinely laudable. Apart from it's atmopsheric thrills, The gameplay of SOMA generally relies on puzzle solving, Exploration and a small amount of stealth. All these elements encompass together to create one of the most thrilling and fullfilling gameplay sessions ever.Overall, This is by far one of the best story driven games I have played till date.9/10If you ever find this game on sale, Buy It! Even if you don't, Buy it!P.S. To every anime fan out there, This is the video game version of the Human Instrumentality Project XD"
76561197971026791,Recommended,282140,26317489,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MobstrLobstr,"I got this during the Halloween Steam sale and couldn't stop playing it until the end.  I loved it, compelling story, lots of tension, terrifying moments.  Be warned that it is not a game in the sense that you can replay it and solve puzzles in different ways or get different outcomes.  It's almost completely linear and like being in a fantastic story that you are swept along in."
,Recommended,282140,34764127,Posted: 5 September,all,Zesky/G,"I'm going to keep my review short and simple, probably will get downvoted for it.That was an experience that I dont think I will ever forget.The psychological aspects had me thinking the entire playthrough, and the gameplay elements were great as well.I would recommend this game to anyone till the end of time.Top notch guys."
,Recommended,282140,18191602,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Brancki,"This is hands down the best story for a game I've ever played in my life. I did not really like their previous games at all. It was not as scary I expected it to be but definitely had its moments, Which was definitely an upside to me as I dont usually like any kind of horror games. This is a great game, It has some rough sides here and there but it makes up for it with the incredible well made atmosphere where you want to explore every corner of the map while finding more clues about the story. All in which the sound design excels aswell where actors did a great job at making it sound very believeable.It's been a while since I've been so immersed in a game before, I did not expect to be so damn emotional about it!I can heartly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for great philosophical horror sci-fi story. While retaining some of the puzzle elements of the previous games.."
,Recommended,282140,18339671,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Rowdy,"SOMA was one of the best video game experiences Ive had in a long time. Its been very long since a game made me feel so much. One of the most immersive and present experiences Ive had and I can see it being very well represented on VR platforms. But this game was more for me. As a narrative it dealt with things that not many books even have. Themes present throughout SOMA are real life theories and philosophies that I was aware of before hand. But the way they are tied in together is so beautifully done. The writing, the characters, the setting, everything was done so perfectly to me. I ultimately am happy, proud, and excited that SOMA is what it is. Its finally an example that you could show to an outside person as an example of the medium being used as an artistic narrative. This is an experience, one that captivates such as books and movies do, but on such a deeper and more personal level, and I hope we see more like it. Because we need more games that are here to not only give us a past time but tell us a great story and make us feel like a part of it."
76561198118699091,Recommended,282140,31310785,Posted: 22 April,all,Hippynipple,Get this game and don't look up anything about it. Go in blind.
,Recommended,282140,34535106,Posted: 27 August,all,xcomedian,"Monsters and stealth sections are pretty annoying, but atmosphere and story and top notch. Genius use of the first-person immersive aspect of video games to explore the subjective experience of the well-known philosophical mind experiments around consciousness and teleportation. Very interesting and thought-provoking overall."
76561198080521017,Recommended,282140,34541760,Posted: 27 August,all,kiwi8224,"What a smashing game!! Easy yet challenging .The music puts you in an apprehensive mood and its a game that is hard to stop playing.The story is outlandish yet somehow plausible. It plays on your emotions and delivers rewards for your efforts.Dont turn off after the credits, I hit escape and got an ending sequence that tied all the knots together. Well thought out. 10/10."
,Recommended,282140,22905346,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sydney's World,"A worthy addition to the genre, that being story-drive exploration. You don't get to kill anything (though you encounter a fair share of corpses). It's pretty hard to GET killed, except for a few parts where you have to run or hide. SOMA is a winner because it created a believeable world that I was interested in enough to play to the end.Sure there were a fair amount of fetch quests, lumbering around in the sea for too long, getting around the annoying monster, generally boring audio-logs, no interesting characters (including the one you play)...plenty of little flaws that kept it from being a top experience. These are more than compensated for by some unique experiences; this is not your usual tale. SOMA is a game that all explorers who like science-fiction with a dash of horror should try."
,Recommended,282140,28485388,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Fraddy  V™,"one of the best sci fi horror gamegreat storygreat graphicgreat  voice actingThe lighting is fantastic, making you forever wary of what horrors lurk in shadowy corners. You see peculiar, almost organic machinery dotted with glowing lights, like something out of an HR Giger drawing, that seems to be eating the world around you. Visually, it’s a masterpiece, and every room tells a story: about the people who lived there, about what went wrong, about the outside world, or about yourself.There are no weapons, gadgets, or tools to help you, and you can’t fight back. All you can do is run and hide."
,Recommended,282140,19078668,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Sheniab,One of the best storyline thriller games I've played in a long time. I found myself totally immersed in the atmosphere and story. The game has some terrifying moments as it should from any Frictional Game. A lot of people don’t like the screen glitches when a monster is near but I find it builds and adds to the story due toyou being a robot. I love that the monsters interference messes with your character. It adds to the realism of the technology glitching and interfering with each other.The monsters are so confusing its terrifying. The fact that you cannot look at them to survive makes it all the more realistic and thrilling.1.	Monsters with glowing heads that make scary noises2.	Swimming in the depths of the ocean3.	Scary Angler’s4.	Finding Dory5.	Question the world’s existence and the meaning of life6.	Ending the game and feeling like a meaningless dot floating through space.10/10 would recommend to anyone and everyone. Besides Simon….
,Recommended,282140,19952614,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,.Frost.,"A true master piece of gaming! The story is amazing and with both the visuals and sounds complimenting each other, it brings an almost movie like experience. Even though this is a horror game, it is not your standard style. It borrows from both Amneisa and Penumbra series with its creative flair, giving it just the right amount of horror, in the right locations. This is a combination of both Frictional Games past glory, mixed with their new take on what ""true horror"" may well be.A blend of horror game, that is rare and unique in many ways. This will surely become a 'cult classic' as it ages. Congratulations to the Dev Team for releasing such a solid game! Truely remarkable! Thanks.I highly recommend this game to anyone, even those who are not dedicated horror fans. It will leave you questioning and make you think about life in a whole new way!5 out of 5 Beers from me.Cheers,.Frost."
76561198126624796,Recommended,282140,24007442,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,brapkoch,DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE PRONE TO EXISTENTIAL CRISES
76561198052274303,Recommended,282140,24323673,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Tiina,"One of the best games I have played, it really makes you think about humanity/ humankind (what does it mean to you). Very intriguing storyline, I wouldn't say that this is horror (not to me anyways)...jump scares mostly...I definitly recommend this game to everyone!Hope there will be SOMA 2"
,Recommended,282140,18156041,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,beemo,"Flawed in sections, but overall fantasticI didn't know what to expect from this game. I saw one teaser trailer but other than that went in completely unaware of what SOMA would be. I've played Amnesia: The dark descent (though I never could finish it), but I think the two are quite different.The story and pacing of this game are fantastic. Apart from a few sections where I felt my progress was being held back by the devs trying too hard to make me feel uncomfortable or push a bit of backstory, the whole thing flows like a long movie.The scares become annoyances pretty quickly, but having said that I never really lost the feeling of immersion and every new chapter had me willing to give the game another chance.Pick up this game, play it just for the story. It's a unique and great concept and you won't regret playing it through til the end."
,Recommended,282140,18690571,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The Dreamer,"You murdered him.I remember reading a review of SOMA, blabbering on about its philosophical genius and how it downplays the horror of gameplay for the horror of an existential crisis. I don't remember being impressed. ""Great, it's a damn walking simulator,"" I thought to myself, with a sneer and a judgmental eye roll. ""Well, Amnesia was great, and I've been following this stupid thing from that first trailer and loved the environment design they were going for, so screw it, some horror is better than no horror.""Look, you didn't give me a choice, game. I need to progress through your damned story, I needed to do it to get to the next section, and besides, she was a robot anyway.""Oh great, start me off in a real life setting and then flip the switch, huh game?"" I thought, mere minutes after clicking New Game. ""Might as well just tell me it's all a fever dream, real insightful, namedrop that girl who died in the car crash every five minutes throughout the game, tell me about how it was all my fault, really cute. Truly a masterpiece of philosophical insight.""He was a robot, you read the schematics, it clearly stated his build was just a helper drone, designed to assist humans in their needs, so if I needed the chip from him, he's just filling a need, right? I didn't kill him... it, it was never alive.First monster encounter: Meh, Mr. Stompy talks a big game, but stealthing around him is eas...♥♥♥♥♥♥ forgot to turn off the steam from downstairs... and he's on his way upstairs... ♥♥♥♥.The words, they keep coming back. They feel etched into the depths of my brain.Here's the thing, the metaphysical ""universe as a simulation"" narrative has been done plenty of times in plenty of mediums... but having it in the form of a video game (an incredibly immersive video game, mind you) makes this something truly special. At some point, your eyes will drift from the game to the edge of the screen, trace their way around a dimly lit room, and you will look back at the game... it doesn't have to ask the questions, the way a science fiction novel or movie would, never bold facedly proclaims ""What's the difference between man and machine?"" or ""Is the world you live in truly real?"" It just sticks you in the world, and you ask the questions, and they echo back at you from the howling abyss that is existence.""He's just a robot.""I'm sorry...God, I'm so sorry..."
76561198079099830,Recommended,282140,18207499,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Julie Cel,"I'm nearly 10 hours in, and too terrified to continue at the moment.What can I say?It's a long awaited game that makes me pretty proud to call myself a frictional fan. The game incorporates all the different horror scenarios I crave yet fear the most. Patroling monsters, emotional game choices and a really messed up storyline that makes you weigh your curiosity for the truth over your fear of playing... most of the time. Dynamic areas - there's so much variety in the places you go, very visually stimulating.The only thing I was left wanting for - Some sort of objective or journal feature. Games like this force me to walk away from my computer pretty often ! So having some sort of mission objective would be really handy for when I return.Thank You guys for delivering !"
,Recommended,282140,23196656,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,hm,"This game was amazing. It manages to immerse you in the story and world so completely, I felt compelled to binge the last 6-8 hours of the game in one sitting. There is never a dull moment, as new environments and constant events keeps you always guessing what the next step is going to bring.I know some people are complaining about the monsters bringing you out of the amazing story and environments, and these are valid complaints. The game seems to work best when it is allowing you to explore and discover this incredibly detailed and imaginative world that Frictional Games has created.However, I would not remove the monesters because they help provide an antagonist and break up the pacing of the game. If you are worried about the monsters ruining the experience for you, I can tell you that I did not get killed once my entire playthrough. 95% of the monsters allow you to get hit once or twice before they kill you, and whenever they hit you, it just knocks you out and the monsters wander off.Tldr: Great game if you even remotely enjoy discovery and/or story-centric games."
,Recommended,282140,28817052,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hellfeesh  🐟,"I initially purchased SOMA because it gave me the same sense of interest I got from the City of Rapture in Bioshock. I was initially expecting the game to play out as a generic hide and seek horror game, but thankfully I was so, so, so very wrong.The Story of SOMA is just so damn good. Learning about the station and its purpose and what the heck the creatures are and why they exist. Not only that but the story is extremely thought provoking, making one question the meaning of life itself (hence the name of the game ""SOMA"").Not only does it have an amazing story but the setting and atmosphere are just ridiculous and made me hit that screenshot button multiple times throughout the course of the game.I had never played a ""horror"" game until this and if you think you'll overlook this because you don't like horror games or have never played one, then please consider playing this as it's SO much more.One of the best games I have ever played, more then enjoyed every second of it.10/10 ^-^"
,Recommended,282140,18223322,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Ωhmnoom-kin,"Life ruined by car accident, dashed hopes and false promises. No, this will not be your another casual story. Rather the worst hangover after weekend drinking you ever experienced. Your life will take serious steep fall, suddenly you are at places you never knew they exist, news you never wanted to know and decisions you never wanted to make.The game just found the perfect balance between horror atmosphere, story telling and exploring environment. The balance I so missed in Alien: Isolation and Machine for Pigs. Add non-repetitive more open level design, emotional music, superb voice acting and plot twists and you get everything you hoped for.Frictional games brought their horror game to another level again, showing us they still haven't lost it after mediocre Machine for Pigs (made by another studio but still super-vised by them).___9,5/10; Would artificially socialize again."
,Recommended,282140,18267419,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Zopper,"What a ride. SOMA is an awesome exploration of what humanity is. While it is certainly dark and also has horror elements, it isn't a jump scare game and your thoughts will haunt you more than anything in the game. I am glad I bought this right away and that I trusted Frictional Games to develop an even more mature game than Amnesia.You will enjoy this game if a back-story matters to you, when you enjoy if gameplay perfectly transports the narrative and of course if you enjoy a dark setting - and maybe even if you are interested in philosophical thoughts about humanity in general. Highly recommended."
76561198021073575,Recommended,282140,18310089,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MX83,"It's rare to find something so intelligent and thought provoking.I adored the 'Dark Descent', and while SOMA has its moments; on the horror scale I still find the Dark Descent to be the scarier experience (though don't get me wrong, Soma can be very frightening). In retrospect I believe that this is mostly due to the resource gathering and subsequent managment, which is of course a great mechanic for creating its own prevailing sense of tension i.e never having enough resources and watching what you do possess slowly drain away. Soma can't quite match this horror because it doesn't have resource gathering. Which is perhaps the only downer and carryover from the disappointing 'A Machine for Pigs'. But something I can easily forgive in light of everything else.But the story of SOMA.... Oh, the story of SOMA is something quite glorious!! It is up there with the very best of anything I've ever played before, and crushes most. It really is a stunning piece of work. I was utterly consumed by it, and it left me pondering questions everytime I finished a session and turned my PC off. The nature of reality, what reality is, what defines the real ""me"" and what it means to be human - the story is able to deliver these otherwise potentially exhausting and overwhelming theological subjects in an interesting way.Yes, the gameplay is solid, the horror is there, as are the puzzles (though easier and less tactile than the Dark Descent). The oppressive and rich atmosphere, the good (in some cases stunning) visuals, the serviceable voice acting etc. No resource gathering but otherwise everything you'd expect from Frictional. But the story raises the whole thing beyond the realms of good and into something that is quite magnificent. (At least imo).Soma was, for me, an incredible experience, a gem of a game that rarely comes along. Like a great book that you can't put down. This game was unforgettable."
,Recommended,282140,25362799,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,RaRa,I had fun being an existential scuba suit.
,Recommended,282140,18392932,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,big sandwich,buy it
76561197995135204,Recommended,282140,34750168,Posted: 4 September,all,xDHx Blade-D-Kratos,"I liked it very much. The creeping moments were annoying since I spent 30 + hours doing the same in Alien Isolation. I wasn't actually sure I was going to enjoy it after meeting the first monster but rest of the game proved me wrong. The detail is immense and it is beautiful. The story, the questions it presents and the ideas were spot on. I love games that make you think about existence!The ♥♥♥♥ing Jelly Fish moment was really awesome! Dory would lose her♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,282140,30113975,Posted: 22 February,all,pcha,"This game...I don't know what to say about it. This game had me on the edge of my seat the whole time. There were so many moments where my heart was beating so fast! All in all, I really enjoyed it.The monsters themselves in this game aren't that scary to look at it. There are monsters that look like this in many other games. But it was the atmosphere in this game that really built up the tension and fear. They did a good job creating the setting, putting together the soundtrack, and all the sound effects to make this very immersive. This game may not be as scary as others, but it sure made me tense throughout the entire playthrough.I mostly played this because I heard the story was good, and let me tell you, it did not disappoint. The game had me playing detective the whole time trying to figure out what had happened. Wait a minute...who am I?I give this game an 8/10.See you on the other side...Godspeed!"
,Recommended,282140,32937941,Posted: 28 June,all,|☢ -- MilkShake -- ☢|,"Purchased the game in the Summer Sale.This game is a must have, for every Horror Si-fi Mystery game.Never seen a game before with such an awesome story and atmosphere.The Sound FX and Graphics are just amazing.Started the game and played it without an break ... took me 9,7 hours.@Everyone get that game you will love it"
,Recommended,282140,31086059,Posted: 11 April,all,Callak Skytower,"I just finished SOMA.   I LOVED it!  This one is a story with a whole new take on horror, with all new twists to the story, location, and all new moral dillemas I have thought of, yes, but only in the back of my head in some instances.   GREAT story....   that starts out with actions you have to take that make you feel quite ignorant later.  5/5 stars.  Thanks Frictional Games, for this work of art!"
,Recommended,282140,18274111,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RakeBob,Great Sci-fi dystopian game. Not particularly scary but has it's moments. Lot's of lore for the lor hounds like myself.Adam Jensen would feel right at home here even though he never asked for this.
,Recommended,282140,18155863,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ggdograa,"SOMA is the latest first person horror themed walking simulator, developed by Frictional games, the very same guys who helped pioneer the genre with titles like Penumbra and Amnesia the Dark Descent.You're a guy named Simon going in for a brain scan at a suspiciously abandoned research facility. During this routine scan something appears to go wrong and you wake up 100 years later, inside an underwater station overrun with robots.This really is a well crafted and believable world, it takes a lot of cues from other games like Bioshock and System Shock. Where as in Bioshock you felt like the ocean was taking the city of Rapture back, in SOMA you get this sense of machinery taking over everything, as large robotic appendages jut out of walls and block hallways and corridors.There's about 5 different monster types in the game, all of which you simply have to avoid. We've seen this kind of thing in dozens of first person horror games lately, the enemy patrols around an enclosed area and you have to collect something in that area or just get through it unseen.At it's core, SOMA is a casual horror game for people who can't handle inventory and resource management and who find the idea of a health bar off putting. People looking for a hardcore horror game set underwater, avoiding murderous robots and scraping by for resources might want to look elsewhere.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aacV3EmIdqk"
,Not Recommended,282140,18473463,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,raZe,"Hypothetical situation: You’re playing a videogame and in it, you’re walking through dimly lit, narrow hallways looking for the exit. Occasionally you stumble over a mangled corpse, listen to audio tapes and avoid disfigured creatures because you can’t fight back. Which videogame am I talking about? Answer: It doesn’t matter.There’s a point when certain clichés used without a hint of irony become annoying and Soma marks that point. It plays like a checklist of every popular element featured in a horror game in the last eight years. Dark corridors? Check. Player vulnerability? Check. Puzzles? Check. Audio logs containing either exposition, terror or directions? Check. Side character that blabbers in your ear? Check. Being forced to take detours over Mordor? Check. It wouldn’t be that much of a problem if the game offered somehing more substantial beyond that, or at least something interesting for the player to do.Soma is the fifth game developed by Frictional Games and it marks a shift from cosmic horror to science fiction horror. An underwater research facility serves as the backdrop for this horror adventure, but it’s not just monsters who are out to get you. Psychological elements were thrown in as well since the plot deals with existential themes like identity, self, reality, death, humanity and how technology influences our perception of those. While not badly executed, Frictional is so in love with their sci-fi concepts that they drastically overestimate their novelty. Unless you have willingly ignored all the works of science fiction conceived in the last fifty years, nothing Soma throws at you will come as a surprise. Again, which wouldn’t be a problem if the game had more to show you.It’s noteworthy that traditional game elements take a backseat in favor of conventional storytelling. While Penumbra and Amnesia featured item management as part of their survival approach, Soma doesn’t even have an inventory. Instead, the game goes great lengths to dump more exposition on you via audio recordings or diary entries, which are always conveniently placed thanks to the mindful souls who create them even if the monsters are already feeding on their entrails. Sometimes Soma remembers it’s supposed to be a game and lets you perform a menial task, for which you will be rewarded with more exposition like the good boy you are. While none of the puzzles in Amnesia or Penumbra were too challenging, at least they made you stop and think for a moment. Despite the occasional underwater sections, Soma feels like an on-rails experience where you’re shoved from one exposition dump to the next.To top it off, Soma commits the cardinal sin for any horror game: It’s simply not scary. One reason for this is the lack of player involvement. In Amnesia, you had to be mindful with your items. Failing to manage your resources properly resulted in a game over. To increase your chances of survival, you could explore Brennenburg Castle, but you risked running into more creatures. Amnesia was scary because the fear of failure amplified the fear of the game’s creatures and failure was always a result of the player’s longterm decisions. In Soma, it’s more like you’re just tagging along for the ride since there are long sections where it’s clear you are out of danger and you are not making any longterm decision at all.Amnesia is genius because it does what all great works of horror fiction do: It lets your imagination do all the work. Before any threat is introduced, just through environments and lighting alone Amnesia makes it clear that you’re playing a horror game. You’re constantly expecting something in the shadows, afraid it might jump you in every new room you step into, but it never happens. When you’re almost getting bored, Amnesia drops the hammer. And even then, it tries to keep the threat as vague as possible for your imagination to fill in the blanks, because uncertainty is scary and nothing is scarier than what your own mind can come up with. To achieve that, Amnesia puts you through a chain of vulnerabilities: You can stock up on items, but you run danger of encountering another creature. You can eliminate your fear of what might be hiding in the darkness by lighting a lamp, but doing that too often will blow through your resources in no time and make them unavailable for when you might actually need them. And you might attract a monster. You can get rid of uncertainty by looking at the monsters, but you risk a game over since direct exposure to the supernatural horrors affects the main character’s sanity. So does hiding in the shadows since he is supposed to be nyctophobic. To cut a long story short: Every fear Amnesia tingles is backed up by a game mechanic. Soma features nothing along those lines. It takes you on a sightseeing tour and expects you to be scared just because it made the lights flicker a bit. The monster encounters are more tedious than scary and every bit of tension is destroyed because the game gives you enough opportunity to observe how sluggish and dumb they are.Speaking of monster encounters: You better pray that the creatures kill you if they ever spot you. Soma has no health meter, so any damage you take is represented visually by gradually enhancing the amount of chromatic aberration in the picture. While the effort of having as little HUD as possible is appreciated, the effect is so excessive that it will make your eyes bleed. It is also applied whenever you relive someone else’s memories. Unless you’re really careful, your screen will be a blurry mess for a good chunk of the game.Even the atmosphere isn’t as tight as it could be. Being stuck at the bottom of the ocean practically screams for evoking a sense of loneliness and desolation, but it’s ultimately ruined by the characters’ chattiness.Soma does have its moments, though. Like a trip to the deep sea where all kinds of horrors might be lurking. But it takes way too long to get to those segments and they don’t compensate nearly enough for the whole lot of nothing that occurs beforehand. For the majority of its length, Soma remains a dull affair. As if there’s a much shorter game in here that has been stretched way too thin.Frictional Games seem to have taken too many cues from The Chinese Room. If there’s a lesson to be learned here, it’s that your game better backs up what it’s aiming for through the game’s mechanics. And that telling a story by letting the player sift through audio logs and notes has been officially done to death. It’s time to take the old boy to the backyard and put him down."
76561198024329605,Recommended,282140,31382517,Posted: 26 April,all,TUmaDO,10/10M.A.S.T.E.R.P.I.E.CEIt was able to make me cry.
,Recommended,282140,21112692,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,VN1X,"Absolutely fantastic from start to finish. Perfect pacing, brilliant audio design, thought provoking narrative and superb voice acting make this an incredible package. Easily one of the best horror games out there and possibly a classic on its own right. Even if you weren't a fan of the developers' previous titles or didn't get on with them for whatever reason you still owe it to yourself to give SOMA a go. The attention to detail is staggering and the sense of both the exploration and isolation is expectional. If you're in for a thinking man's horror game then look no further!If I had to nitpick I'd say the facial animation is a bit lacking and the UI somewhat dated as far as aesthetics go. These are very minor issues though. Go play this. NOW.Oh and how refreshing it was to just launch a game and play it from start to finish without zero performance issues or game breaking bugs. Kudos to Frictional Games!"
,Recommended,282140,19370790,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,krix,"Possibly one of the best games I ever played. It is not as scary as you might expect, but instead of cheap jump-scare scenes SOMA offers you a truly mind-blowing story, that makes you think differently about your very own existence!If you care for a deep atmosphere, tense gameplay and great visuals and if you don't mind to actually use your brain from time to time, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,282140,27809184,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skumble,"Aspects of this game could seriously interfere with a more delicate person's sense of composure. The game is beautifully confusing to begin with but it doesn't take long to take on a more sinister tone. As a walk simulator, crossed with an 'evade-'em-up' (with tips of the hat to Doom(3), Hard Reset and Outlast) that delivers a throat punch at the finishline. A more active gameplay involvement may have given 'less patient' players more to do but at the risk of dramatically softening the final blow. This game is, like 'Spec Ops: The line', an uncontrollable journey down the rabbit-hole and a neural twist of lemon. I felt the monsters needed tweaking but, in the end, that didn't mean much. Not too long"
,Recommended,282140,19444820,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,FatKidWitAJetPak,"Current play time: 20+ hours.SOMA Is one of the best psychological first-person thrillers I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. Its the kind of game where you think of it as more than just ""a game"". When I first discovered Frictional Games, I played Amnesia: The Dark Descent. I was instantly blown away by the enviromental perfection, and I went on to purchase and complete the Pneumbra Series and Machine for Pigs. I have been patiently awaiting the arrival of this masterpiece, and It is everything I had hoped for and more.SOMA take you on a mind-bending journey through time, causing you to question what conciousness is, who you are, and if the reality around you truly exists. At every turn down dark corridors and undersea caverns laced with electronic abstractions, you will be presented with philisophical conundrums as your character faces fear in the form of existence itself. The scariest thing about this horror game is not the well thought out monsters roaming the walls of this seemingly endless research facility, its the sudden realization that you and I may not exist in the way we believe. Its the fact that our realities could very well be illusions constructed by chemicals. These thoughts and more colorfully spring themselves to life as you explore the immersive, intricate world of SOMA.At every footstep, your character breaths, their heart beats, and their voice shreiks just like you do. Everytime something terrifying occured, I found myself feeling just as the characters did, attempting to run away from the horrors. I literally feared death, especially because dying in SOMA will make your heart race. It will make you scream. This attention to character reaction makes it very easy to connect to Simon, the main protaganist in SOMA. I highly recommend wearing a high quality pair of headphones during your experience as you lead him throughout this adventure. As you roam the halls of PATHOS-II, strange, mechanical gurgling, the massive roars of deep sea creatures in the distance, the dripping of black goo melting down the walls, and the shifting of metal and rock fills the thin air. It feels as if I was truly there, trapped in a abyss I was forced to call home.This game is stunning, brilliant, awe-inspiring, beautiful, and so much more. I love it, and I recommend this cinematic work of art to anyone looking for something different in their video game journey. You will laugh. You will cry. You will fall in love.10/10. Favorite game of 2015."
,Recommended,282140,28126402,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,lemmyleyra,"I hesitated playing this game for so long because I'm a wimp, and I don't cope well with horror games - but I'm so glad I gave this a chance.This is one of the best games I've played.The atmosphere makes for a chilling and immersive experience. What sets this game apart however, is its story. This is such a devastating and haunting tale, that will make you truly sympathise with the characters and the situations that they face. It will make you question what is right and wrong. It will make you question existence itself.I wish I could forget this game, simply so I could experience it all over again.I would recommend SOMA to anyone. Even if you don't do horror games. Make an exception for this one - you won't regret it."
76561198070048992,Recommended,282140,26804540,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SeoulFull,"Horror can be a rather difficult genre to delve in these days. Take comedy for instance, a well placed joke can create smiles and laughter. Fear however affects us all differently, both emotionally and mentally. So one must craft ""fear"" at a much higher level than humor.I wasn't sure what to expect with SOMA. The live action trailers were clever, keeping me rather interested in the plot and development. Yet the spooky diving suit monster in the early trailers made me believe it was just another jump scare game. I still had enough interest to purchase the game on release and a few hours into the game I was treated to a plethora of unexpected horrors and depression.Picture Nemo the fish walking into a red lobster. While looking for his parents he finds various logs with all sorts of recorded horror, expecting the worst around every turn brave Nemo starts to expect the worst even gaining a little courage to move forward to discover their fate. Just when he thinks he might find his parents next to an endless shrimp dinner Nemo finds the real reason his parents even entered this house of horror was because of an exxon mobile oil spill which ended all ocean life as we know it and there is a recording of Dory screaming as a inky black mist fills her lungs.Soma is a little like that, but with some robots."
,Recommended,282140,18270630,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sesser,"Wow, okay... This game is remarkable. The story is incredibly well written, to the point that the Amnesia-esque monsters were just getting in the way. At every stage of the game, I was hooked into thinking ""More story! Leave me alone monsters, let me get to more story!""However, because it is so well written, I don't want to spoil anything about it. What I will say is that if you're a fan of Christopher Nolan movies, one line that kept popping into my head as I played this game was from The Prestige, namely ""No one cares about the man in the box."" That is sort of the essence of this game, but to understand why, one just needs to play it.If you are turned away from horror, I recommend reading guides. They will tell you when monsters are going to appear so you can be totally prepared for them. Don't let the monsters deprive you of one of the best story experiences out there."
76561197969697932,Recommended,282140,23320518,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,MadcapJack,"Excellent world building, atmosphere, and a unique and compelling story. One of the best sci-fi exploration games i\'ve played since System Shock 2."
,Recommended,282140,18273627,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Roundlay,"Soma fluently explores the semantics and implicit beliefs about what it means to be human, and its graphic portrayals of the potential catastrophic risks of superintelligence help to illuminate the whole setting. If you’ve ever enjoyed any work by Nick Bostrom, Robert Heinlein, Max Harms, Dan Simmons, or if you’ve ever taken an interest in artificial intelligence, transhumanism, uploading, whole brain emulation, or the theoretical compulsion to ""optimise for paperclips"", you should play this game."
,Recommended,282140,18331672,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SUP. Android,"Looks great, sounds grat, feels great.Freaking awesome game. Though Simon is a little stupid."
76561198029126609,Recommended,282140,27897930,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Padishah,"If anything SOMA has a fantastic story. Every aspect of its story is really engaging and well done. The main plot, the storytelling, the characters, emotion and etc are all very well done. The game does a fantastic job with its world building and enviroments. The enviroments look unique and are varied.The exploration, puzzles and story are by far the best part about SOMA. This is why you should play SOMA.Why you shouldnt play SOMA is for its horror. Despite being made by Frictional and advertised as a horror game its simply not a very good horror game. Its a good game, but as a horror game it fails. This is not to say horror elements are not in the game (I got a very Deadspace vibe from its horror elements tbh) but they are by far the weakest aspect of it. Most players and reviewers have noted how the game is simply not scary. Nor should it be ""scary"" as the monsters/horror dont mesh well at all with the main story. Its uneccesary, annoying and just plain out of place.Play this for the story, exploration and puzzles NOT for the horror. All in all a good game but do not expect a good horror game.8/10 Solid game"
,Recommended,282140,25863344,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,The Lost Sentinel,"If you have never had an existential crisis in your life before, trust me, you will after playing this. (Provided you paid attention to the dialogue, storyline, and atmosphere.) It's a brilliantly written story, and I cannot recommend it enough, ESPECIALLY if you are getting into the field of, or are interested in Bioethics. Is the game scary? (I'm sure some will ask.) In my opinion, it was not quite as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, still heart stopping at times, but not quite as much. However, I assure you, that by the end of the game, the themes and questions this game instills in you will stick with you. And potentially, terrify you -more- psychologically than in the heat of the chase. What's the story about? I'm not going to tell you anything. Because you really need to experience it for yourself.Frictional Games - Never stop making excellent narratives and titles. I long for your next game."
,Recommended,282140,18271584,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Desbreko,"SOMA is a thought prevoking and philisophical experience that stands out amongst traditional and cliche horror titles and stories, and begs it's players to stop and think of not only the ramifications of a future well within mankind's grasp, but about themselves entirely and what it is to trulybe.SOMA is something that could only be delivered by Frictional Games. After Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, I wasn't entirely sure what to expect from the studio, albeit I still had plenty of faith in them after playing not only the original Amnesia: the Dark Descent, but also the entire Penumbra series. I can gladly say that SOMA is everything i expected it to be, and I refrained from hearing any news on it online, and also watching any trailers so I would come in knowing nothing about the game and that it would be a fresh experience, and quite frankly, SOMA delivers something so chilling and thought provoking that the original Amnesias fell short of.VisualsVisually and asthetically, SOMA is beautifully dark and somber. While I found a few textures here and there that weren't exactly up to par with the textures elswhere in the game, it wasn't enough to detract from the beauty of the game entirely(It could've also just been my settings though). The look of the underwater facility you explore is entirely unique to me and the odd electronic cancer growing throughout the place is one in it's own. Keep in mind I'm trying my best not to spoil any details of the game. All in all, I found the game to look wonderfull, and even breathtaking at certain segments, having me stop to take in views and truly think about the environment and the situation this game had placed me in.GameplayThe gameplay I think is brilliant, and at certain points has the sort of feel that A Machine for Pigs could evoke, only much stronger and enjoyable. Now, I'm not in any way saying this game is alot like AMFP, but the game definitely learns from the mistakes of The Chinese Room's previous installment in the Amnesia series. I was dissapointed with AMFP, just to get that out there now. SOMA is very much comparable to both The Dark Descent and the Penumbra series, at times seemlessly combining the asthetics and gameplay from both of those games and building onto it. I've heard a decent amount of complaining about the monsters and the tactics used in the game, but I much prefer it this way over the whole scripted feel of AMFP, as that game had encounters few and far between, and didn't instill the same type of horror encounters in SOMA and The Dark Descent do. The segments I found most satisfying were sifting through what was left of the underwater facility, and piecing together the mystery of what was left, where i was, and evenwhoI was, more on that later though. I disagree with critics opinions on the whole monster bits and the mechanics used, and in each scenario I found myself horrified, and coward for quite a bit(My first playthrough took me 14 hours). While monsters typically are unique in each encounter and have their own exploits, you witness quite a few throughout the entire game, with some being repeated only a few times throughout. I enjoyed all of this thoroughly and think very highly of the way this game was executed.StoryCombined with the gameplay, the story is what I think really sets this game apart from most other horror games. Unlike Outlast, a game in which you spent most of your time running from threat to threat with little to no breaks or relief in between, this game offers alot of time spent just rummaging around and so many of the objects in the environment are interactable, it really immerses you and gives you a sense of place. You can walk from room to room, inspecting the contents in each area and even piece together parts of the story just by looking through things and examining the setting thoroughly, and unlike in games such asGone Home, andDear Esther, this part of the game is engaging and very interesting to me. At certain segments I longed to hear the comfort of a companions voice while I sifted through rooms piecing together the puzzle that was the story, only to really be cowering behind objects straying from the horrifying monsters that lurk within the games corridors. Now don't get me wrong, I don't think this is a bad thing, in fact I think it's a very good thing. The game switches things up every now and then and the encounters really help you to appreciate the time you get to spend in peace in the game figuring things out for yourself, and in no way is this a bad thing, its exactly what sets this game apart from Gone Home, AMFP, and evenAmnesia.ConclusionSOMA is a surreal and extremely enticing experience and it really doesn't do it justice to just use the word story, as it's more than just a deep and philisophical story told through text or audio clips. Its something you experience, and in doing so provokes thoughts about mankind, our own selves and the consequences that specific decisions could have on not only others, but even oursleves and who we seem to think we may be. It begs the question;What is it that truly sets us apart from something we created, so long as it thinks and speaks the same way we do? When is the fine line between murder, and mercy crossed? What rights do we have as humans to infringe ourselves onto another being, whether that being is manormachine?"
,Recommended,282140,30381520,Posted: 7 March,all,JTech,"Funny how Frictional Games managed to nail a completely different approach of storytelling in SOMA than they did with Amnesia and, I guess, Penumbra as well!How are they different, you ask?!!MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD!!For one, your reason to fear is totally different from Amnesia.Sure there's the occasional monster that hunts you down, but in Amnesia you knew your end goal from pretty much the start and were guided the whole way through, not so much in SOMA..You get told what you need to do/get to progress, that's it, no hints on where to go/find it whatsoever, no quest journal or notes, just you, your trusty Omnitool and a huge underwater complex taken over by some evil adaptable A.I. In my experience, I was more afraid of the unknown and legitimately not knowing what was to happen next than of being hunted down by whatever abominations there are.END OF SPOILERSMy advice if you like challenging horror, definetily a solid 9.5/10"
76561197969417125,Recommended,282140,22871029,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,G00N3R,"You've just woken up in an underwater research facility, and you have no idea how you got there. As you start to explore, and try to understand what is happening, it quickly becomes apparent that something has gone badly wrong. The facility is offline, and has been overrun by some kind of robots that are trying to kill you.Soma is the latest game from Frictional Games, the developer of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, which is probably the scariest game I've ever played. I wouldn't really describe Soma as a horror game though. The first hour was quite unsettling, dark environment, loud banging, strange noises, the fear of the unknown. But after I'd encountered the first couple of enemies I actually relaxed a lot.You don't have any weapons, so you can't fight back or defend yourself. You need to avoid or sneak past enemies, and if they notice you, all you can do is run away and hide. But this isn't too difficult, because the AI isn't particularly smart, and most enemies stick to a specific patrol route. And even if you do get attacked, its not an instant death, but instead you lose some health and are knocked unconscious, and then they leave you alone. It takes 2-3 hits to kill you, and there are some places where you can heal. Its more like a basic stealth game.The best part of Soma is the story, which has an intriguing sense of mystery as you slowly discover what happened both inside and outside the facility. It does a good job of exploring interesting concepts like what does it mean to be Human, and what does it mean to be alive. Voice acting is pretty good. However I was disappointed thatalong the way you get to make a couple of choices that seem really important at the time, but they don't actually affect the ending in any way.Soma isn't great from a technical point of view. Even though my PC is significantly above the recommended specs and I had a constant 60 FPS, I suffered from a frequent 1-2 second stutter when looking around. I found lots of similar complaints on the forum but no clear solution.I think Soma is worth playing if you like a good story, but if you're more interested in gameplay mechanics you might be disappointed. Either way, at 9 hours long, its not worth a full price purchase, so wait for a sale. I bought it at 40% off which feels like a fair price."
,Recommended,282140,26470429,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Memento Mori,"Graphic 10/10 on high qualityAtmospehere 10/10Jump Scare 9/10Plot 10/10overall soma is a good game,worth your money."
,Recommended,282140,26309368,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Detail.movie💕,"If I could give this a neutral, I would give it a neutral. However, I still recommend it to anyone who loves horror games so it's a YES.I'm a fan of Frictional Games for Penumbra and Amnesia and I absolutely loved those games for their atmosphere, the story, and the horror. They know how to put together a great story and they've done it again with Soma. Despite being familiar with their past games, they've still managed to surprise me again with the amount of storytelling involved here and that speaks for itself.Despite the great story, it has its drawbacks such as enemies coming from impossible directions. An example of this is a large zombie creature you encounter deep in a laboratory. There are dead end hallways where he shouldn't be able to come from and yet, he appears from those dead ends. You discover a console that locks and unlocks rooms. I got the bright idea to lock the creature inside a room. He was locked in there. I left him behind and there he was again coming from a dead end hallway. I went back to the locked room and he wasn't in there. This left me frustrated and broke all immersion that game had built up to that point. It's just cheesy he spawns anywhere he pleases and gets out of locked rooms. Someone must have given him a ring of security keys... I can picture that zombie creature in the locked room fumbling a ring of keys and casually trying the door with them like it's another day at the office.Besides that part... it's really the only part that left me scratching my head. The rest is plus-grade material, awesome storytelling and great horror. Until the ending... Which I won't spoil for you but I am going to explain how I felt about it.Here's how I sum it up:Penumbraseries left me wondering and shocked.Amnesialeft me with a feeling of accomplishment and empowerment.Amnesia A Machine For Pigsleft me feeling emotionally moved and actually made me cry at the end.Somaleft me with a great feeling of empty and cold unsatisfaction.Please don't be deterred by my use of the word ""unsatisfaction"" as it's not used toward the game itself. I meant it as an emotional result of the resolved story.Some might call that a success, and perhaps it is a success. I had and still have some reservations about the conclusion. It's an ending without an ending and it's an ending that will obviously not have any direct sequel. It left me wanting more, expecting more, thinking what it was that I was trying to accomplish. There's a key moment at the end where you may find yourself lost in regret for ever flicking that switch or getting into that chair. A feeling of regret that ""none of this would have happened had I stayed in my apartment and accepted fate."" An ending like that certainly leaves a great deal of unanswered questions.Overall, it's still a journey worth experiencing and I am very much looking forward to any future games that Frictional creates. 9/10"
,Recommended,282140,18346909,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Deepeye,"SOMA is a proud successor to Amnesia. Hence definite recommendation.High quality production, never seen underwater segments look so appealing and realistic, fantastic voice acting making every character memorable, deeply atmospheric setting and story which is only enhanced by great sound design.Idea of consciousness = being = life is pervasive throughout the game and it's especially gravitating after the ending, which in my opinion is one of the most powerful finales, at the very least in games.Go at it, it's an experience, a story, an idea, SOMA is art."
,Recommended,282140,18310442,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,RD,"SOMA is a very relaxing game. It is full of nice robot's that want to hug you, and the beautiful ocean will greet you with a huge smile.In all seriousness, SOMA is great. The sounds make you feel like you would be in that world, the story makes you think about what is happening rather than you just running from corridor to corridor waiting for a jumpscare. Even though the game is visually very pretty, the game rarely runs at 60 FPS. It sometimes drops to 50 FPS. (And no, I do not have a bad PC. I can run Star Wars: Battlefront on Ultra on constant 60 FPS. *no brag intended c:*)Even though I still prefer Amnesia: The Dark Descent, SOMA is worth picking up.9.2  / 10.Here are some screenshots:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=551874725http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=529644142http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=529053977http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=529505446"
,Recommended,282140,25282418,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,anarchy,"If you only ever play one horror game, make it this one.There are so many horror games out there that go the same way, you wake up alone, abandoned, not knowing what to do and your only goal is to get out of ""creepy place X."" This is the same but different, you know who you are, but you suddenly find yourself wreched out of your life and in the future, in a station at the bottom of the ocean.The horror gameplay is similar to other horror games by Frictional, there are monsters, some terrifying, some a little laughable, but you're essentially defenseless and have to figure out how to progress around the creatures with their various rules, from enemies that only see you when you see them, to blind monsters that track you through sound.But the true value of the game are the parts between the monsters, the huge, rich story discovered through audio logs, documents, human ""black-boxes"" and even a rare person or two. There is nothing mandatory in the game, you can just ignore everything and progress to the end, but the decisions you make, and what you will or won't sacrifice to ensure your own safety will truly weigh on you and make you think about what sort of person you are.It's possibly the best story in a horror game to date, and while the main character is an absolute moron at more than a few times, he's still relatable and understandable.Seriously, even if you're the sort of person who has to play with all the lights on, the sound down low and a person with you to ensure you don't crap yourself, it's still worth it to play this, just to have the experience."
,Recommended,282140,19445351,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Viceroy,One of the best games I have ever played. It's scary and has an excellent storyline. This game is a must buy!
,Recommended,282140,18205948,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MenThal,"I've been anxiously awaiting this release since I saw the matrix-esque teaser trailer that ended with ""Am I… still here?"" This is hard sci-fi done right. Deep philosophical themes criss-cross the game, touching several topics that sci-fi fans will recognise. It feels like a Philip K. DlCK story with a touch of Clive Barker horror.Horror survival and jump scares were never my thing. I played a bit on the old Penumbra series, but never got much out of the stories. Same with Amnesia; as there is only notes to unravel the story, very little character development can take place. The monster(s) often felt like primarily a nuisance., and puzzles convoluted.This is not a problem with Soma; it does not rely on the notes and audio-logs to tell the story. The dialogue and interaction with other characters give the adventure thick and juicy meat to the tale. The monsters are not crawling everywhere, but play integral part of the story and flesh out the events. In fact, some of the monsters or ""enemies"" have dialogue. Puzzles have a wide range of types and difficulties, and they always fit with the story-line. Someone else noted that Soma is more ""tense"" than ""scary"", and I agree. This is a good thing, but rest assured, I still think my choice of white leather upholstery for my chair may have been a bad decision while playing Soma.The choice of environment is a breath of fresh air - if you'll pardon the misplaced metaphor. The cramped underwater installations versus the ""open"" sea-bed give a nice contrast during gameplay, and gives a heightened feeling of realism, compared to similar games that take place in space. However, I don't think I'll be getting any new PADI certificates for quite a while after playing this game ...A ton of comparisons to other games, movies and books litter the forums, so I won't iterate those. However, one game with similar feel and atmosphere that I can also recommend is the indie game ""The Fall"".Some may compare it to ""The Talos Principle"", but Talos looks more like a cross between ""Sophie's World"" by Jostein Gaarder and a prequel to ""I, Robot"", when compared to Soma.A few minor criticisms: The game is very dark and blurry at times, and the usefulness of the flash light can be a bit hit and miss (out in the sea, it is as useful as high beams on a car in a blizzard). I also kept losing track of the tiny pointer; luckily it changes to something more obvious when you can interact with something, so waving the mouse around like you've got no muscles in the neck will help you find all that you need. Subtitles were also a big help, as some of the dialogue might not be as easy to hear. Being able to click once more on notes to get a plain-text of the blurry chicken scratches left by the people on the installation was a good idea, but I felt like I was missing some zooming possibility a few times.All in all, this is a MUST HAVE game. A solid 9/10, also for you non-horror gamers. If you're thinking of watching the play-through videos; you won't get a tenth of the experience that you will playing on your own in the dark.On a side note; I'm a Linux gamer and I was pleasantly surprised to see it work without any major hiccups on Linux.P.S.: This is one of the few games I think could be adapted into a good movie. Someone get Ridley Scott on the horn, ASAP!"
76561197972359595,Recommended,282140,18221367,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,gerich,"Absolutely phenomenal.The world, the characters, the story, everything is so immersive.12/10 would scan again."
,Recommended,282140,18337363,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,RpTheHotrod,What a pleasant surprise for a title! This is an absolute must buy. The writing and dialog is top notch. It's one of my top favorite buys of the year.
,Recommended,282140,18271919,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MetaCitizen,"SOMA captures a harrowing shade of existential dread in a way that only a smaller development team could accomplish. Similar in tone to the films Moon and ""9"" with many obligatory nods to Alien, It actually plays very similarly to Alien: Isolation. Even spookier than Bioshock seafloor vibes with amazing writing, believable dialog, clever  pacing that is always taking surprising turns, and very nice voice acting. It deals with many questions of both human identity and machine consciousness in a way that is very sophisticated, well informed and not at all watered down. There also seems to be a theme here of being forced to adjust your expectations in order to deal with the overwhelming harshness of reality. Its super fun and rewarding to explore the beautifully designed maps and learn more about the various habitats and their past. When it comes to the horror aspects of the game, although I am rarely truly disturbed by games or fictional films, there was at least one moment where my hands were shaking too badly to continue playing. I'm pretty sure this exaggerated reaction resulted from the attention paid to the games sound engine that ramps up the tension as sharply as possible when a monster approaches, speaking of which SOMA HAS THE BEST SOUND DESIGN!  I would go so far as to say that this game is a borderline masterpiece, and would be complementary to a fine cut of steak, seafood, pasta or Alien: Isolation.Final verdict: 9.5 out of 11"
,Recommended,282140,18197456,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Tacti-CAT,"a BEAUTIFULLY SCRIPTED piece of work, may not be as poop your pants and dream nighterrors over and over again kind of scary, but there are moments that twist your way of thinking and delve deep into your heartstrings as you struggle to survive through this enviromentally scary game. In my opinion this deserves all the praise it gets for both storytelling and sound design.10/10 next time will supply myself with a fresh 5 pack of Hanes undies at the ready, and a teddy bear"
,Recommended,282140,29502952,Posted: 26 January,all,AlbertCole,"SOMA is all about immersing yourself in the setting and exploring/trying to understand what happened to the world and to yourself. On the other hand, the horror elements in between amplify the (mostly) depressing/desolate atmosphere of the setting as whole. Finally, deep moral and ethic questions build the icing on the cake. If you like games like that, go for it. I really enjoyed it myself and surely it's one of the most atmospheric games I've played in a while."
76561198006541362,Recommended,282140,22471597,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,stranger1982,"Simon Jarrett volunteered to have a brain scan taken using a new technique and hopes that'll help doctors find a treatment for the condition he's been suffering after a near fatal car crash: once the process starts he finds himself in a dark, abandoned station that'd not be out of place in a sci-fi movie.Soma deals with Simon's journey through the facility as he attempts to figure out where he is and how to survive the situation he's in: the game is a fine psychological horror with an appropriately dark, disturbing plot and powerful atmosphere, the actual gaeplay and writing might falter slightly at times but nothing detracts from what is a super experience.PROS:-good graphics and great art style make the underwater facility a believable and ghostly place to be in-excellent sound design, the ambient sounds are especially great: the voice acting is also very good-great atmosphere, the facilities and places you explore all give a sense of eeriness and loneliness-a very nice story that slowly unfolds as you progress through the game-effective monster design-puzzles are pretty straightforward affairs set in appropriate places, they're believable, make sense and require some thought without being too hard-a good length at around 10 hoursCONS:-not a model of optimization, some fiddling is required to get a smooth framerate on certain systems (setting vsync to adaptive seems to help alot)-a few buttons or elements required for puzzles could be easily missed as they seem to not stand out enough from the rest of the environments-certain monster encounters can become annoying obstacles due to cryptic behaviour and/ or taking places in cramped spaces-visual distortion due to monster presence and/ or low health can be a bit too much at times-some dialogues seem to push certain themes a bit too forcefully in your face and, as a result, feel forced and unnecessaryhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=665775290SOMA is probably Frictional's best game so far, imho, possessing unrivaled atmosphere, a great setting and accessible yet satisfying puzzles. Its plot is also good per se and contains interesting reflections on human identity and its persistence, something that might give decent food for thought to philosophically inclined players. The PATHOS-II facility is a creepy place thanks to its level design and the superb sound effects, there's a great sense of abandonement and estrangement as you explore its rooms and slowly uncover what happened there. Just like in previous games from the same dev you can expect to encounter some truly disturbing imagery both in actual scenes and in the reports scattered around the station.The writing and dialogues can become a bit too heavy handed at times, as if Frictional was afraid their you'd miss certain meta concepts if they aren't obviously and clunkily thrown on your face every now and then. It can get midly annoying but thankfully the overall plot and its themes are good and interesting enough to make those moments easily forgivable. Monster encounters are generally decent affairs, I personally feel they're not really ""scary"" but can certainly be very tense when you're playing cat and mouse with a baddie in dimly light hallways: each enemy type has different strengths and weaknesses and it's generally up to you to discover what they are through trial and error. This can become slightly annoying if you can't make sense of an enemy's reaction and are forced to face it amongst small corridors with little space to hide or run. Honestly, my advice is to simply look up a guide if you feel an enemy has become an unnecessary obstacle.I certainly recommend SOMA to any fan of the psychological horror genre, even more so if you're a fan of Frictional's previous games, its shortcomings are easily forgiven once you're taken by the plot and it's a journey worth taking."
76561198132812456,Recommended,282140,24419162,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Captanegan,"Amazing Sci-Fi, mature themes, great mechanics, and scary as hell. Without a doubt the most depressing game I've ever played though. No competition.Note: If you have a big fear of death (which I do), this game is a massive trigger. You've been warned.Great Game!"
76561198005427080,Recommended,282140,18305798,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Herold,"This game proves that you don't need cheap jumpscares every 30 seconds to make a good horror experience. Great story, tough decisions,challenging riddles and really atmospheric environment make this a great title worth playing."
76561197970420235,Recommended,282140,33104717,Posted: 1 July,all,Cytrix,A game that sits somewhere in between Bioshock and Alien Isolation. It has a compelling story that tackles hard sci-fi ideas. Would strongly recommend to any single player gaming enthusiast.
76561198364064828,Recommended,282140,31422084,Posted: 28 April,all,cube352,If you enjoyed the Penumbra Series and Amnesia TTD you will probably love this one. Perfect atmosphere and great story. So you like stealth/horror? Then this game is a must.
,Recommended,282140,22785575,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rocky,"As my steam account will show, I  buy more games than I have free time to play, but I AM playing SOMA and loving it.For the love of everything gaming, if it is at all within the realms of your disposable income - PLAY THIS GAME IN 3D. One of the best gaming experinces in 35+ years of gaming is Soma in 3D, it's just wonderous and spellbinding.Thank the developer for this game.Thank Nvidia and AOC for the 3D gearThank the lord for the time he has given me to enjoy this game.So happy a game can still make my heart race with fear!"
76561198011650742,Recommended,282140,19108512,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,HunterFX21,"This game asks its players what it means to live and what it means to be human.Despite the strong horror and oppresive atmostphere of the game, SOMA is very inspiring.While playing this game, I didn't realize my idea and perspective on self-awareness and life were changing.It was only until I reached the end that everything came together.What amazes me, is that each encounter is so intense, frightening, and horrific that you tend to ignore the subtle themes throughout the game (or so you think). The characters are developed so well with each event, incident, and conversation, by the end of the game you're just left with your jaw open.You HAVE to play this to believe it.Truly a masterpiece. A work of art in the form of video game media.In conclusion, I personally think this game is better than of this developers other works, including Amnesia: Dark Descent. Amnesia: Dark Descent was horrific and scary in its own rite, but the underlying theme in this game poses DARK and RADICAL questions that make you take a harder look at even the most simplest of life's questions.""What does it mean to be me?"""
,Recommended,282140,30227899,Posted: 27 February,all,Puma,"SOMA is the first horror game I have ever played, so initially I was kind of uneasy about it. It was recommended to me by a few friends that know I love story driven games, so I decided to trust them and try it out, and I'm definitely glad I did because this game has a fantastic story and everything about it is excellent! It explores very deep themes and it will really pull you in, take you for a ride, and leave you thinking.Pros:- top notch story that explores deep and thought provoking themes- good voice acting for the most part- very atmospheric and immersive- the levels are well designed and it's really fun to explore and piece together parts of the story through audio logs (while these audio logs aren't neccessary to understand and appreciate the story, they greatly enhance the experience)- can be very unsettling and even terrifying at times and will keep you on the edge of your seatCons:- I think $30 is a bit too expensive for SOMA- some of the puzzles aren't designed very well and can be very frustrating at times- although the monsters are initally very scary, they tend to become very annoying and will be a hinderance to your progress through the game.***I highly recommend playing with the ""wuss mod"" in which the monsters will not attack you. This will make the game much more relaxing and entertaining without hurting the horror aspect, which is mostly psychological and atmospheric anyway.***TL;DR: $30 is a little pricey for this game (i think $20 is probably a more suitable price), but if you're really into narrative driven games I would highly recommend buying it anyway. Even if you don't like horror games (I've determined I don't) I would still highly recommend SOMA. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,18356275,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,i love bread,"A fun undersea adventure where you go on a fantastic journey with your robot friends who help you find your way back to Canada through the power of friendship.No but really please try this game it's incredible, easily one of my favorite of the year."
76561197972402830,Recommended,282140,22393531,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Autistic Screech,"It's worth it on sale.Engaging, thought provoking.They also made a video to augment the game on Frictional Games youtube channel.Support companies that produce products like this."
76561197974211344,Recommended,282140,30206179,Posted: 26 February,all,Geodry,A phenomenal horror game with an extremely captivating story.
,Recommended,282140,33391041,Posted: 8 July,all,RedQueen Alice,"This game has everything I love.- Fisting- A.I.- Insanity- Fisting- Dark, grimey Atmosphere- Underwater Sections- Fisting- Deep and meaningful conversations about life and consciousness- FistingI rate this one fist"
,Recommended,282140,33140668,Posted: 2 July,all,Grandmaster,Awesome Game :)
76561198097140603,Recommended,282140,33835287,Posted: 27 July,all,Hilary Briss.,Very good story & Intense puzzler with very little in the way of direction as to what you are meant to do. Stunning under-water environment. Runs really well. Has some solid jump scares. Interesting monsters.
,Recommended,282140,29453088,Posted: 23 January,all,alphyna,"When dissected, SOMA is not necessarily the best game ever. The assets are repetitive, the levels are often linear, the gameplay offers few surprises for the genre, and the story is a very classic ""androids and electric sheep"" type of sci-fi. And it doesn't shy away from using jump scares and every other dirty trick in the book either.Yet somehow, when viewed as a whole, SOMA manages to be bigger than the sum of its parts. Perhaps it has something to do with the fact that—just like the main character—it embraces the somewhat solemn, but mostly sad and modest mood. It never pretends to be bombastic or huge; to the contrary, it's the story of loneliness, and while Simon's journey takes him to a wide variety of locations, it's never important how huge his undertaking is for him—but rather how small it is compared to the Earth That Once Was.And what an incredible mood it is. The abyss chapters featured some of the most quiet, lonely, and yet fascinatingly alien, self-contained, and otherworldly segments I've experienced in gaming.Another thing that I've found incredibly well done was the beginning. By misleading the player (blessed be he who managed to play the game without reading about it beforehand and learning the premise, like I did), it forces us to experience the same disbelief as Simon does. During the whole Upsilon sequence I was expecting it all to turn out to be some sort of mind trick or hallucination—and so did he. What a great way to force the player into the character's shoes.What I find curious is how the game that seemingly delves into the issues of the mind is actually called ""body"" in Greek. The Catherine we meet is nothing like the Catherine described in others' logs and memories—the latter being called shy and introverted to the extent of being creepy. Is it possible that the Catherine from everyone's memories was like this due to severe anxiety—a mental condition that is strongly bodily-induced?And if so, which of them is a more real version—the one who had a body or the one who doesn't?I like that SOMA not only discusses the common ""can robots be human"" stuff, but goes into more intricate issues.And the mood of Tau is the closest I'l ever get to walking the Moon, so bonus points for that."
,Recommended,282140,18433427,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,That one side nigga,"Great game, Great atmosphere and great plot i love this game."
,Recommended,282140,18905204,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,THE ENTIRE POPULATION OF CHINA,Epic graphicEpic soundEpic atmospehreBest story of a video game everBest horror game I've ever played. 11/10
,Recommended,282140,18148295,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rood Boi,"Everything you loved from the first Amnesia is back in this game and it's amazing!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cs3RCczciM&index=2&list=PLKMxTuqznyPNBiv6wEaKWkdkco0dDPekbThe horror and atmosphere are terrific just as I thought they would be, but what really surprised me was just how beautiful this game was. Especially when you wander the ocean floor, the details that make up the environment really make you feel immersed and it's a beautiful experience. What frictional games has always done well was implementing down times in their games, that give the player a moment to catch their breath, and this game is no exception. It makes jumping back into terrifying situations that much worse.  The only thing I have to complain about is the occasional framedrop that I experience, but it usually only happens during loading times (and I do have good specs, 970, i7, and 16 gigs of ram)"
76561198048621906,Recommended,282140,18479493,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Nibbler,"Wooooow... despite all of these laggs, freezes and other technical issues - that was so strong. Very atmospheric survival horror with a fantastic story. Although, sometimes the enemy's AI acts weird. But that doesn't really matter. So glad I played it.There are games, that I play onece a year, becuase theese are so atmospheric and awesome. SOMA became on of them. 10/10"
76561198039831042,Recommended,282140,18310733,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,xemorc,"Despite the hundreds of games I've that far experienced, this one seems to be the first one I was living in from the very start till the very end. Thank you, Frictional Games, for this true piece of art and heart!"
76561198067046211,Recommended,282140,18311109,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Slab Lab,Ahhhhh no no too scary too emotional
,Recommended,282140,18307260,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ESSKEETIT,"♥♥♥♥ing amazingsuch an atmospherical and emotional rollercoaster. never failed to shock me. made me think about the ethics of AI, how far research can go, and how it really feels to be human.this game would be hard to pick up by someone not experienced with frictional games, but there's a lot to look at.athmosphere was unique and looked beautiful, had to get side tracked to check out what the bottom of the atlantic ocean stored.story seemed off when you start the game, but soon as you listen to others stories (data transfers) and the help of catherine, you understand what happens to you and what eventually will happen. really something different and keep progressing to the point where i was completely shocked.controls were okaysome puzzles along with overall gameplay could've been easier directed, but aslong as running away from monsters and hiding, if you havent played amnesia or any other style game you wouldn't know what to expect.voice acting was kinda sus some moments9/10 buy this game"
76561198163148477,Recommended,282140,18320818,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,"This is a wonderful adventure game. I couldn't stop playing. Great graphics really brought this world to life. The game made me really think about consciousness, life and what it means to exist. SOMA will be remembered as a great game."
,Recommended,282140,19901738,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DinosaurPizza,"I didn't like Penumbra. I didn't like Amnesia. I really enjoyed SOMA. This game is much more accessible. It engages the players a lot sooner than Frictional's previous games. It's story is a lot more interesting, the main character is more relatable, and the world is inherently more interesting.The world, ending, and events of the PATHOS-2 are something I'll think about for a long time. If you're a fan of good Sci-Fi, you owe it to yourself to muscle through the horror stuff and play this game. Very well made."
,Recommended,282140,22871189,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ice Abyzz,"A standard horror game without fighting mechanics. Much like their last game, Amnesia, SOMA follows a protagonist wandering through an unfamiliar world. Where it rises head and shoulders above Amnesia is in storytelling and theme. If you are reading this without much knowledge of the story of SOMA but like horror games and semi-deep stories, get this game and play it. The fun is in the experience, reveal of themes and sense of discovery. Don't rob yourself of this opportunity and play the game."
,Recommended,282140,26528188,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,"Ded, the master of voevali","Frictional Games сделали невероятное, здесь пугают не монстры и скримеры, а осознание безысходности ситуации. Философский хоррор, что может быть лучше?"
76561198053736893,Recommended,282140,33068370,Posted: 30 June,all,Sarkani,You want to play it while not playing and you don't want to play it while playing.
,Recommended,282140,34566502,Posted: 28 August,all,Lerb the Mycologist,"Easily one of my favourite games especially in the horror and sci-fi genres. Incredibly immersive and interesting environments, lots of genuinely terrifying moments, and plenty of gameplay to keep you involved. (On a side note, I liked A Machine for Pigs a lot, but felt it was less interactive than Frictional's other games.)SOMA also has a great central plot with themes that examine what conciousness is and what it means to be alive and human - in this respect I feel it shares a great deal in common with The Talos Principle despite the core gameplay elements being very different.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,282140,24165954,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,🌜 ａｎｇｅｒｙ 怒,"I'll have to start off by saying this game isn't for everyone. There's not much gameplay to it other than a few puzzles here and there and waiting around while a monster/robot walks by. While a lot of people may see that as a problem, I didn't mind it at all.The atmosphere makes up for it (to me) and I really did enjoy the story. Honestly, the monsters were just an annoying obstacle to get through so I can continue to enjoy the story; that's why I didn't really enjoy Amnesia all that much. The ""scare factor"" for the monsters wore off rather quickly and I didn't really care all that much about the castle itself. In SOMA, I really wanted to get to the next section to uncover more of the plot and learn about what happened. I actually felt pretty immersed and Simon felt believable, mostly anyways. I actually felt some pretty hard emotions when the ending hit, although I could do without the end credits scene. I like it when a game makes me feel like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and lets me just sit there :^)So finally,Pros:- Immersive story (if you allow yourself to be immersed, because that's how these things work)- Great atmosphere- Game wasn't too long, but wasn't too short- Ran well on a mid-tier system (a few framerate issues, but there's an optimization guide that worked well)Cons:- $30 is a little pricey, I'd say $15-$20 is a reasonable price- The monster sequences towards the end got annoying. It was hide for a minute, make some noise to distract the monster, go back into hiding, etc.- Not much gameplay other than simple puzzle solving- Little replay valueI'll say it again, it's not for everyone. I see people calling it a ""walking simulator"" and in some cases that's true, but it's not necessarily a bad thing. Some games are open world sandboxes where you can run around and do whatever you want, this game isn't that. I'd probably compare this to a VN without the waifus and way more interactive. Between the monster sections, you're going through and experiencing the story. I don't see why people think it's a bad thing when the story isn't terribly written.TL;DR, if you're the kind of person that wouldn't mind paying for nothing else but a good story, this game is for you. Otherwise, look into getting Alien: Isolation or just save your money."
76561198087971557,Recommended,282140,34602007,Posted: 30 August,all,Alexhander,"Played it in one intense sitting. I would describe it as a Dead Space walking simulator, so no guns or combat. Despite the lack of weapons or action, the game happens to have a really thought provoking story which will make you want to keep playing until the end. If you like science fiction and horror, I would highly suggest you buy it."
,Recommended,282140,28968365,Posted: 2 January,all,|XNG| Chunkey :D,"I can not say how great this game looks. I love Frictional Games, huge fan of the Penumbra and Amnesia games, and I was worried that this would not compare. I was wrong. Frictional Games will never let me down.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,35282406,Posted: 28 September,all,MuLuMe ~(=ﾟωﾟ)ﾉ,"Probably one of the most underated game of the decade, almost restored my faith in gaming industry.  highly recommend."
76561198152033792,Recommended,282140,18509847,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Rogue,Masterpiece 10/10
76561198086008434,Recommended,282140,19265002,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Porphyrogen,Excellent by all means !
,Recommended,282140,18317204,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CKalis,">Absolutely fantastic storyline and setting.>Great horror aspect and perspective.>Amazing atmosphere and environments (same as setting).>Perfect soundtrack.>About the same graphical ""quality"" as their previous game, ""Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs"".(Which is definitely not a bad thing.)I didn't know whether to cry or rejoice when I finished it. It was too beautiful."
,Recommended,282140,18185589,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,( ˘ ɜ˘) ♬♪♫,"This game will get you to reflect on your own existence without ever going the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t artsy route.Great story, great ambiance. The gameplay itself isn't anything new if you've played to Amnesia, but the ratio story/exploration/puzzlesolving/horror is well balanced.Only downside, the engine optimization isn't good. While the FPS can be decent most of the time, there are lots of stutters and slow downs when entering new areas or with some particle effects."
76561198072597017,Recommended,282140,29902415,Posted: 13 February,all,BmoreBraap,"A fantastic horror game that just gets better each time I play. From the makers of Amnesia, I cant say anything bad about this game. Not a typical run & gun game but more similar to Alien: Isolation or Outlast where runing and hiding is your only defense. The graphics & audio, voice acting, story are all top notch. But the real star here is the setting/atmosphere. They really made the Pathos 2(lab) & under water areas come to life. Each door, computer, light switch, gadget and every item can be interacted with just adding to the immersion and detail. You are also rewarded by exploration with new story bits or dialouge that can easily be skipped over to complete the main, but add tons to the story.A must play for any horror fan."
76561198026662084,Recommended,282140,33567532,Posted: 15 July,all,InDIGnation,"SOMA is quite possibly one of the most powerful and thought-provoking stories I have ever experienced in a video game.I’m not the sort of person prone to hyperbole, but I honestly cannot overstate how utterly enthralled I was with SOMA. Critics will often bandy about buzzwords like “deep” and “thought-provoking” when gushing about the latest 96-percenter on Metacritic, but I usually find the themes in such games to be little more than a veneer of flashy window dressing disguising a mediocre centre (I won’t name any individual games, but at least one notable example shares a similar setting to this game). SOMA though, is something entirely different, despite the trappings of its familiar gameplay conventions.(At this point, I would urge anyone reading this to immediately go and play SOMA right now. I’ll try and avoid major spoilers, but this really is a game best experienced firsthand while knowing as little about it as possible.)I’m not usually moved by stories in video games. Perhaps it’s because most simply aren’t very well-written, while others fail because they lack player agency - a problem developers have been trying to solve for years, and not always succeeding (Dear Esther springs to mind). Offering story-based choices to the player can be a positive step, but even they can make the mistake of reducing complex moral decisions to mere mechanical evaluations - Bioshock’s little sisters and Dishonored’s chaos system both being examples of that. In these cases, players are more likely to base their decision on what will be the most mechanically beneficial option, rather than trying to do what they believe is right.SOMA presents the issue of choice in an interesting light. The general gameplay, like previous Frictional titles, is a first-person survival horror setup split between simple puzzle solving and monster avoiding. The latter moments are perhaps SOMA’s weakest aspect because, let’s be frank, it just isn’t a very scary game. SOMA’s roving monsters, while certainly grotesque enough, don’t feel especially threatening or frightening - the AI is rudimentary (especially having just played Alien Isolation) and the general atmosphere during these moments is one of annoyance rather than fear. Fortunately, these encounters are so brainlessly easy that they don’t end up tarnishing the game as a whole. Nevertheless, it feels like Frictional should’ve been trying a different approach when it came to the core gameplay.What makes SOMA stand out as a game, and justify its place in the medium, is the decisions that are occasionally thrust upon you. Unlike many other morality-based systems, these don’t tend to have much bearing on the outcome of the story nor the mechanics of the gameplay. That might not sound like a great selling point, but the result is that the choices all boil down solely to the moral dilemma - how do you make sense of these impossible situations, and what does that say about you as a person? One section towards the final act left me in tears after I made a particularly difficult choice - few other games can make that claim. These choices aren’t about choosing the ‘right’ path or gaining superficial rewards, they’re about reflecting deeply on the significance of human consciousness - and SOMA executes them brilliantly.In my review for A Machine for Pigs, I viewed the game as a failure because of the paring down of several gameplay elements from its predecessor. The Chinese Room, the game’s developer, seem to have taken this contempt for the player and integrated it into their central philosophy - their other titles, Dear Esther and Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture, demonstrate this line of thinking. SOMA also pares down many of the core gameplay mechanics from Amnesia and Penumbra, not always to the game’s benefit (for example, the lack of a sanity mechanic increasing visibility of the game’s monsters). Yet the choices that take place during SOMA’s story are what elevate the experience, and make an already powerful set of thought-provoking themes even more heart-wrenching. In any other medium, SOMA would be an inferior experience, and even its failings with the core gameplay aren’t enough to spoil the impact of its key moments. This sets it apart from The Chinese Room’s titles, which often felt like they would be better as a book or radio rather than a video game.This is a shorter review than I would normally write; I haven’t said much about the game’s intricately detailed undersea setting nor its characters. Simply put, this is a game that has to be experienced while knowing as little about it as possible. My intention here was instead to explain why the I felt so emotionally moved after completing the story. SOMA made me question what it means to be alive, and had me thinking about my existence in a way that I don’t think any other game has managed - heck, few books or films have done that. The story told in SOMA is absolutely mesmerising - a haunting tale of the nature of human consciousness and the desire to find some shred of hope even in the bleakest of situations. From the bafflement of its opening to the emotional upheaval of its ending, SOMA never failed to enthrall me from beginning to end, and I hope that this ambition is the sign of a new era for Frictional Games, and the medium as a whole.TL:DR version - Some of the best storytelling and most compelling character interaction I’ve come across in a game. The frustrating monster encounters, occasional gratuitous gory moments and lack of real fright don’t stop SOMA from being one of the best interactive experiences in years. Strongly recommended even for non-horror fans."
76561197996497725,Recommended,282140,32883109,Posted: 27 June,all,BajungaDustin,Wow... Such a great gameThe story here is not only well laid out.. Its one of those make you think kind of stories that really eats at your soul.The overall game play isn't superb but it's just what you need to uncover what's going on.This is not a fps kinda game it its a walk around a find what you need to exit the area kind of game. There are some enemies but you can't kill them. You can however outsmart them. And they can be scary. My son had to leave the room cause they were freaking him out. (he's 12)If I had to say anything bad about the game I would say that it's a tad bit linear. Kinda like Rage was but it's presented well. I just hate linear games. So if it's linear and it's good enough for me to review it than it's not really a downside to the game.Other than that the bad guys get a little tedious. I found myself hiding in the shadows of a dead end corridor for quite a while waiting for the bad guy to path away.Also the overall game play got a little monotonous toward the end. Like the times when you are relocating from one area of the game to a new area.. And the vehicle you are on messes up or crashes... Murphys law kinda won out here cause something goes wrong every time.. And even twice in one occasion. But it all causes you to put in more leg work which is just more to the game.The game took me about 12 hours to complete with about 2 hours of that being smoke breaks and whatnot but the game was still on. All of that and not a single load screen which was very impressive. The only thing you got was a slight frame slip for the load which if you blinked you would miss it and it didn't relocate your character.  It was pretty seamless.If your like me and stay up all night bored looking for new games.. Give this a shot. You won't be disappointed. Replay value is next to nothing though.
,Recommended,282140,34702804,Posted: 2 September,all,Ole Bern,"This was an amzing game. A true rollercoaster of emotions. It makes you think about what it really means to be alive, but goddamn does the ending not feel rewarding. It's like being jerked off with no finish, but I suppose it's more about the journey than it is the destination."
,Recommended,282140,18208658,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bespa,"I used to be afraid of open water. I'm now more afraid of open water, but now I'm also afraid of existentialism.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18403680,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,z0,11/10♥♥♥♥ing perfect. ♥♥♥♥ing scary.
76561198064021071,Recommended,282140,21309817,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Commander Stealth,The next real game produced by Frictional.  9/10
,Recommended,282140,25452140,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,relapse,"SOMA - One of my personal games of the year 2015For a story to be great, it must be easily followed by the audience. The story must have a beginning, middle, and end; it must be chronological, it must be forward thinking and as linear as possible for the audience. Details are of utmost importance, if the protagonist of a story is introduced, what did the person look like, where did the person come from, what was the person’s history — you want to know everything about that person because the story revolves around the protagonist. It is also important to set the context of the story, you want to address where the story is happening so that you can place the protagonist appropriately in the right setting. Ultimately, to master the art of storytelling you must both master the story and the telling. It is one of the most difficult tasks to accomplish and Soma is a perfect example of masterful storytelling."
,Recommended,282140,18160730,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Mikau,"SOMA doesn't include a single jump scare, and yet, still manages to be one of the most scary and disturbing video games I've ever played."
76561197970504380,Recommended,282140,18320172,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Greg Sloth,"Great stuff. It's not as ""crap-your-pants"" scary as games like Amnesia and Outlast, but the story is more disturbing in it's realism. And honestly, the story is the real star of the show here, because the ""stealth"" sections are pretty standard for this type of game. There's no real ghosts or any kind of out-of-this world monsters running around. Well, maybe there's a little bit of that, but...well, I don't want to put any spoilers in, actually. The characters are surprisingly well portrayed and garner quite a bit of sympathy, which - knowing what you know when you get about two hours into the game - was quite a feat by Frictional.Needless to say, the concepts will get you thinking in a way that few other games can even begin to approach.I mean, I'm a friggin sloth, and it even got ME wondering about the state of my consciousness. I mean...how the hell did I learn to type and play games? That's the real question. Stay slow my friends."
,Recommended,282140,18276246,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jaketin,"DAMN. This game was amazing, wouldn't have expected nothing less from Frictional since this game was under development for five years! They basically started to work on this almost right after Amnesia The Dark Descent was released. Good work, Frictional!The story was... really great and many times, especially towards the end I got this unsettling feeling inside, really making me think how to actually define the human being. The game really sucks you in and with the horror elements it's easily one of my favourite games. I spent 12 hours on the main story and since we have mod support (Amnesia's Custom stories), we can expect some great user content to really extend the play time one can get from this game!The graphics aren't AAA-level, but after all Frictional Games isn't a huge studio, but everything was still a pleasure to look at. The graphical effects were also really cool and makes this game unique graphics-wise.I absolutely loved Amnesia: TDD's Finnish-made soundtrack and effects. Gladly Frictional Games still uses Tapio Liukkonen's sound effect services and Mikko Tarmia's eerie soundtrack. The game is amazing for your ears too, helping to find the right atmosphere for the current situation.The gameplay is quite similar to Frictional's previous games. We've got a great physics engine and really, one thing I missed in A Machine For Pigs (Shame on you thechineseroom) was the interactibility. I spent the first 10 minutes of the game throwing stuff around in Simon's apartment. Oh, it feels great!The monsters in this game are unique. All of them move and react differently, making you wonder how to get past this one. Once you get the gist of one, it isn't hard to overcome the situation, but damn it's still scary since you can't know if it reacts in other ways too.Full 10 out of 10. One of my favourite games.One thing I'm still wondering though. How did Simon get the flashlight?"
,Recommended,282140,18267044,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,AWSHOM,"SOMA is an amazing game. I didn't expect it to be this good.It's not too short, not too long, and has an incredibly addictive story which you'll remember for days.I like how they gave more space to the narration and less to the jump scares, which in this game are very well balanced.Recommended purchase."
,Recommended,282140,18271871,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Glaice,"This is one of those games if you liked science fiction, the horror genre, Penumbra and the Amnesia games, you are going to enjoy this one. Frictional did a great job setting up the atmosphere."
,Recommended,282140,19977326,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,"Dr. Sexual Potato, PhD.","If you want to properly enjoy this game, don't think about it like you're playing a game. Think about it as an interactive piece of dystopian sci-fi horror. While the game is fairly linear, this helps provide a more smooth, connected story experience. There are many choices to be made during the game, but not in terms of map path: The choices you must make are emotional ones.Overall, the gameplay is enjoyable. There are few portions of the game where I became disconnected from the story. It feels intensely frustrating and disempowering to be unable to fight the enemies in the game, but it provides for a more compelling experience. The enemy AI is mostly fine, although there was one instance where I was trapped by an enemy in an alerted state in a room with one exit, and it never came out of its alerted state or left the room, forcing me to die and start from the last (thankfully close) checkpoint.The controls feel natural if you're used to FPS games, they did not get in the way and served to help with immersion as the movements needed to interact with various objects feels natural.Noticeably, the music and sound of the game was rather nice and added to the feel of the game without being overly cheesy or intrusive.The horror aspect of the game was good. A few times, the horrifying portions of the game feel repetetive, but at least they're not tropey. Overall, there were only a few times where I rolled my eyes when I should have been feeling an adrenaline rush.I would recommend this game, especially if you're a fan of philosophy and horror."
,Recommended,282140,21533978,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,PonderingGrower,"An experience, rather than a game.To most people I know the ending of this game will result in weird kind of numbness. A feeling as if you are not feeling anything. But I assure you, you are. It's just the shock. it will wear of and you will be left with that unsettling feeling of not having all your questions answered.For anyone that can stomach the sporadic horror, this is a MUST PLAY.This is what games as a medium should strive for.10/10, would scream at the screen again"
,Recommended,282140,18212851,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,haloboi,"I don't really like humans, I'm not a social person and don't really get along well with others. Not really one for ""hoping for the best"" or caring about our children's future either. I guess you could say I am a cynical and sadistic person. But SOMA changes everything about how I look at our existence. This game is smart and incredibly UNSETTLING, not just from a horror standpoint but from a scientific standpoint. SOMA shines, glitters and glows at the very realization that it is not so much Science Fiction, as it is a plausible Science Fact. I have to admit right now, that I hated the Amnesia series. The hiding under beds and in lockers of other horror games, was what I was afraid SOMA would cookie cut into the mold. But Frictional Games knew better going into this, and the outcome is phenomenal. You won't be hiding, so much as sneaking. And there won't be jumpscares, so much as tension. These changes make the game feel unique and more immersing. The game looks gorgeous despite the Twitch community thrashing the game before it even hit release. I played the entire game in full 4K at 40-50fps no stutter. The environments are breathtaking and entrancing. I loved SOMA's design from the moment I saw it. I went in thinking it was going to be Bioshock meets Dead Space. I did not realize it was going to outshine them both......at half the price. Speaking of price, seeing as how both Amnesia games were sub $25USD, I felt a big risk spending $26-30 going into SOMA. That risk is way worth the price of admission. The genius script and harrowing plot will not only give meaning to our existence but maybe a little more faith in our survival as well. The game has no tutorials and will only hint at where to find the next hidden item or difficult puzzle. 10 hours may seem short especially by today's massive games. But if you have ever spent 10 hours on an anxiety roller coaster, I'll have you know that this game makes you feel uneasy even when nothing is around. You cannot play this game expecting to be thrilled; It is a slow paced and incredibly intelligent plot. You wont be getting any cheap scares or fighting any monsters with Plasma Cutters and Power Loaders. SOMA will be giving you a message to think about...........a message to think about for a long, long time.""You know Indians used to to think cameras would steal their souls?"""
76561198002701961,Recommended,282140,19423707,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mortiga,One of the best games i've ever played. Story is just amazing and keeps you wanna play more and more and dig deeper and deeper. 5/5. Will remember this for a long time.
,Recommended,282140,19153447,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,mekkanyx,"Seriously, the only, ONLY bad thing about this game is that you haven't bought it already.Don't be that guy."
76561198080898804,Recommended,282140,19741856,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Acnologia,"Incredible game, great atmosphere amazing level design, good story, good voice acting,Terrifying overall.Fantastic game hands down. Better than Amnesia i'd say."
76561197970656045,Recommended,282140,19451598,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,stauf,"Truly an immersive story told with great game play to boot.  Scifi at its greatest, and well worth the ride."
,Recommended,282140,20620924,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,kr∅xzie,"Masterpiece.Atmosphere, sounds, monsters, story are incredible.One of the best experiences in my life.12/10Would push finger in robot's  glowing hole again."
,Recommended,282140,22876470,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Greytega,Amazing game. Well written. worth it for the story alone.Jump Scares.10/10.Get your jimmies rustled under the sea.
76561198009142036,Recommended,282140,23154110,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,"Sir Reginald, Duke of Chutney","Finally completed SOMA and I would highly recommend this game if you like survival horror & sci-fi games.~ No Story spoilers ahead ~Much like the Amnesia games before it, in SOMA your job is to navigate your way through places, avoiding creatures and collecting the odd object / reading notes to solve a rudimentary puzzle or two to progress. The game is pretty linear, with the exception of a few interweaving corridors scattered throughout where you sneak around the unsavoury beasts that lurk in this eerie and atmospheric tale. If you’re not familiar with the Developer’s past titles, that’s fine: narratively speaking it is a solo story and not connected to anything they’ve done before. I found the plot intriguing and very enjoyable. Not going to give anything away as I like to go into these sort of games with knowing little and coming away surprsied, but If I had to give you a hint of what to expect then... no, not going to tell you ^_^Enemies cannot be killed: you can run, hide, distract and avoid. There are a variety of non-inventory objects that you can pick up to throw to distract the creatures; this may aid in your escape and allow for misdirection so you can continue your progression throughout the game. If you get caught, you get one more chance to proceed near from where you left of, albeit injured and slower than before. You can heal yourself at points through the game, but if you get caught for the second time in a row then the game ends and you have to restart from the last checkpoint. Checkpoints and health are fairly frequent and I didn’t find the game altogether difficult / frustrating when compared to other games in the genre.There is also a community Mod feature whereby you can play other people’s creations: to date there are few game mechanic changes and fully playable sections of horror. I can only hope the popularity of the mods increases over time.Overall the excellent story had me hooked , the tense sections of hide and seek, & the odd heart thumping chase sequence made this a very enjoyable outing. There perhaps isn’t much to bring the player back for a replay unless you are interested in diving back into the story. I’d give the game an 8/10"
76561197978804316,Recommended,282140,20396211,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,rareWhiteTRASH,"This is a fantastically atmospheric, disturbing and thought-provoking game.  The sotry is amazing, graphics crisply stylized, and gameplay is hide to survive horror.  I will not lie, I played the second half of the game with the Wuss Mode mod on, in order to make the games enemies non-vioilent.  I do not feel that this deterred the experience, rather it made me fall in love with the games ambiance, atmosphere and story telling all the more.   Every note, computer screen or audio log is purposeful and drive the game forward.  The world feels real, believable and lived-in.If you are a horror game weakling like me, there are options to make them game bearable, which is perfect because the story is the best element in this package.  It is extremely challenging to those who desire it, but I would recommend this game to anyone who likes high-concept sci-fi stories, the Alien film aesthtic, or horror games."
76561198070913748,Recommended,282140,18266293,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Mr. apPEELing,"Well damn...This is exactly the perfect game that Frictional Games could have made. As a lover of the Pnumbra series, I had to buy this game, the amount of thought put into this was incredible and the audio and visuals were spot on. I would never buy a game for $30 with the way that the path games are taking now a days, ever. I put a lot of faith into this company spending this money and I am way more happy with it than ever imagined. Amazing story. Amazing graphics. Ambience. Spooky as hell. Thought provoking.The feeling of being human comes alive with the story and I cannot recommend it enough. All the characters are people you get attached too, in one way or the other. You may hate someone but isn't that the way to show the connection between you and another? If you have real feelings of hate or love or anything? They pull this off perfectly.Pnumbra had a little of this, with Red. Especially with Clarance, little b****. In this game though they really drove the point. It was an amazing story and the next game they release is a 100% chance I'll buy it.If you like horror, you'll enjoy this. If you think it'll be too hard or too easy, don't. Many aspects are very challenging but through careful observation you'll make it. I would never say it's too easy. I believe it is a perfect combonation. Also you can save at any point, so if you want to leave and take a break, you aren't waiting for that save spot. I have heard some instance of it being framy but I have not experienced it past the autosaves 2 second frame lag.So in conclusion, I say buy this game, turn up the volume to dangerous levels, and immerse yourself into this amazing game."
76561197971724802,Recommended,282140,31282434,Posted: 21 April,all,Pontifex Maximus,"Taking place in a submerged and desolate research facility, a place where robots think they’re human and biomechanical constructs stalk decrepit, rusted hallways,SOMA‘s story is a surprisingly thoughtful and philosophical one. While there are monsters to evade and puzzles to solve, the story is what really makesFrictional’s latest endeavor stand out.The attempt is a rousing success, so much so that the horror elements actually feel tacked on.SOMAis at its best when the player isn’t required to creep around, hiding from screaming mutants in ways evocative ofAmnesia. If you’ve played one of the hundreds of horror games available sinceAmnesiafirst caught the world’s eye, you’ll know what to expect. A lot of crouching and avoiding, tossing debris to mislead creatures and sneaking past them, or running for your life when caught.Visual design deserves a lot of praise. From the desolate feel of the underwater station to the quasi-organic growths bursting from the walls,Frictionalhas created a game that looks as beautiful as it does disgusting.A competent vocal cast keeps the story believable, while background noises and monstrous screams are suitably intimidating. Music is very rarely used, but perfect every time it occurs. The voice of the main antagonist is a little flat, but he mostly does a decent job, with the support character of Catherine providing the real meat of the tale.SOMAis a survival horror game that is undoubtedly one of the best of the genre. While the monster encounters feel forced and are a weak point of the game, it does little to lessen the experience.THE GOOD- Great story- Smart, intellectually coherent storyline- Impressive and believable environmentTHE BAD- Some frustrating puzzles- Not as scary as some survival horror games9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,282140,19561398,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,krayzkrok,"A fascinating and thought-provoking journey into the final day of a man who thought he was going in for a routine brain scan, and ends up... well, at the bottom of the ocean. All this happens in the first 15 minutes, after which you spend the next few hours figuring out just what's going on, and dealing with the situation. SOMA uses Frictional's proprietary engine to really give a sense of tactility to your actions. You don't open cabinets, you swing the door outwards. It all helps to place you in the world, and it's an amazingly well realised place. Claustrophic, extremely atmospheric, and menacing, all the more so until you find out what's going on, and then it becomes even more frightening with the realisation of your situation.The storyline here is one of the most compelling that I've played in a long time. It's well-written, smart, and the voice actors do an excellent job with great material. SOMA also has monsters, frightening enough to make you think twice about opening a door when you don't know what's behind it, and you will end up cowering in a dark corner on many occasions. Each monster behaves differently, and reacts to you in different ways. The first creature you encounter allows you to take a good look at it before it tries to kill you, the later creatures are much more horrific for what they were, what they are, and how they react to you. Some say that the monsters detract from the game, but I found the opposite; they're an integral part of the story, and it allows welcome changes of pace between pure terror and relief, something which Amnesia did so well.But the monsters are secondary to the experience and the story, with some fascinating set pieces. It's difficult to talk about them without giving too much away, but they are never short of thought-provoking, and at times heart-wrenching. The whole game is several cuts above your typical videogame storyline, and the ending is both haunting and satisfying at the same time.Without doubt one of my favourite games of 2015."
,Recommended,282140,27276465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,❛❛Liechée❜❜,"An atmospheric horror game with a narrative that questions the existence of existing, life. afterlife and death.The story revolves around a naive man that came in for a brain scan, only to end up in an underground water faciilty. He attempts to find a way to escape but ends up finding things much more complicated and completely disturbed by the truth and mystery of the facility and its current and former residents.To be frank, there's nothing much for me to say except that the story and mysteries are quite immersive that its one of the few games I remembered for having the most memorable story and ending.As a horror game, it's okay if you're just running away from monsters. It plays out well as a psychological horror however.The game is incredibly suspenseful with a gameplay that you do little with the mechanics by using your brain with basic controls. The game can occasionally be quite draining if you are constantly pursued by the monster or always waiting for it to go away.The audio and scenic visuals are quite good. As the sound effects feels quite realistic and the voice acting quite natural.The location, landscape and level design for the areas you visit are either scenic or just different that it feels or looks good.This is how I feel about the game and it truely comes to my highest recommendation for narrative, back stories and exploration of the underwater environment and its facilities."
,Recommended,282140,31983720,Posted: 26 May,all,Rl'ycoteph,"Amazingly atmospheric, far better than most horror scifi games. It's like someone combined System Shock with Bioshock, then took the guns out and poured a hot sauce of existential dread over the result. Never before have I seen a video game tackle the Mind-Body Problem this well. Recommended for fans of psychological horror, regular horror and cyber philosophy.I do agree with the sentiment that you could remove the monsters and still end up with the same game, though. There is a bit of a disconnect going between the strong narrative that the game tries to tell, and the classical gameplay from Penumbra and Amnesia. However, without the monsters... There wouldn't be much of a reason to be scared. Atmosphere will only carry horror so far, at some point there has to be an actually scary thing to make all the times when there is no scary thing but there *could* be a scary thing that more frightening."
,Recommended,282140,31500412,Posted: 1 May,all,Tripping Pug,"This effing game, man.Standard disclaimer:  Minor spoilers ahead.  Read ahead at your own peril.So right off the bad I'm going to say that this game is great, and I wish they made more games of this caliber today.  It's one of those stealthy survival horror type dealies, but even if you're terrible with stealth games like me it isn't too hard.  And if you just can't deal with the monsters, you can download the Wuss Mode mod to make them more complacent, getting rid of the threat they pose along with most of the scares of the game.  Not suggesting you do it (at least on your first run) but if you just can't cope then go for it.  The story is still worth it.  Plus it's under the sea, and that's pretty cool.This game brings up two of my favorite questions.  First, the question of what makes a human human (Is it human to be a scan of a brain in a machine?  Is it human to be a corpse with a camera and speaker plugged into it?), and second the question of AI (Is it ethical, the ramifications, that kind of stuff.).  The game doesn't answer these questions, rather letting you ponder them yourself for the most part.  And at the end, if you're like me, you'll be wondering if anything you did is even worth it.  Is it really saving the human race to send fifty or so human minds living in a simulation into space, or is it just another useless computer program on some useless satellite?  Was it even worth everything you had to give up to get there?There are a few choices, but none of them are truly moral or amoral.  Kill the clone of you, or let it wander Pathos II depressed and alone?  Kill the dangerous and cancer-like WAU, or let it live in the hopes that it can some day understand enough to truly bring the world back from the dead?  Choices like these don't have much effect on the story, but they are still difficult to make.All in all, I'd rate this game an 8/10, and that's only because the story is only like ten or twelve hours long.  Otherwise, a 9/10.  Not perfect, but nothing is.  And it'll leave you thinking after you finished it, which is always a good sign.Buy it, dawg.  You won't regret it."
09282908739273492,Recommended,282140,18575604,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Daniel,"This is an absolutely great game. Frictional Games heavily focusses on creating mood & atmosphere, make an environment that feels authentic and could be compared to Bioshock's setting.There are moments in the game where there is so much lying around that you can explore, that it almost feels real.The game is not without it's problems though.The encounters with the monsters can get tedious at times, and some parts are a bit drawn out. Also important to note is the enemy in SOMA, which is often a bit vague. This is my main gripe with the game.Spoilers ahead:The enemy in SOMA is an Ai called WAU. First it was created as a maintenance program, after the comet struck killing everyone on earth [Somehow they are completely convinced of this] it was expanded upon.Everything went wrong and it expanded through the facility as a cancer. My main problem with this is that WAU seems to expand without needing any form of sustinance, unlike a cancer. It can spread around freely as every drop of goop is sentient and self-sustaining apparently. In my opinion, they should have gone the System Shock 2 way. You would have a rogue Ai & a sentient cancer-like manifestation that controls this Ai through manipulation of it's human counterparts.The enemy overal just doesn't make a whole lot of sense.The ending to me was also quite predictable, I kind of realised this was the way it was going to happen when the elevator malfunctioned going to the last station of the game.Aside from these points I would still highly recommend buying this game, just for the amount of detail put into it and the worldbuilding itself. Overal great stuff and well worth the money."
76561198116855322,Recommended,282140,32860164,Posted: 27 June,all,Sakda.assa,"For those who afraid of monsters but want to play1. Buy and install game2. Find << Wuss Mode >> in Workshop then install it3. Find ' ModLauncher ' in ....SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\SOMAsend to desktop (Create Shortcut)4. Launch game from ModLauncher Shortcut -> Play SOMA with Addons -> check on Wuss Mode5. Play game and enjoy it !!!For those who got my money by sell this game on steam, you should thanks ' The Dreamer ' who make this mod."
76561197978714630,Recommended,282140,31368092,Posted: 25 April,all,Wertyman99,"This may be the best game I have ever played. Crazy story rich, really scary in a dark and creepy way and looks and sounds amazing. If you have ever been diving, the sounds and movement are frighteningly accurate. Cannot recommend it high enough. 11/10 WANT A SOMA 2!!!!"
,Recommended,282140,23866732,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SneakyTeacup,"The best game Frictional have made!It builds up from Amnesia's mechanics as a base, but ends up being so much more.Whereas Amnesia lacked any real storytelling and relied on atmosphere to keep you coming back, Soma has the atmosphere & a surprisingly cogent and thought provoking story. With actual dialogue that brings up some remarkably profound questions about consciousness.As soon as I started I was hooked. Ended up completing it in 3 short sittings over 2 days.The puzzles are simple, sometimes they will require lateral thinking in areas. But they never interrupt the flow of the game. The enemy mechanics are similar to what was laid out in Amnesia and seem to paradoxically reward a bolder approach to  confronting them than your character's utter helplessness would suggest. The entire game is about confronting your problems head on.Any twists to do with the main character are fairly easy to figure out if you're paying attention. And the game doesn't dwell on them. Being more concerned with how the realisations affect the human condition.Being just slightly over 10 hours for completion (will probably vary depending how you approach the problems), it may be a little short. But it doesn't overstay it's welcome (like isolation did) and leaves you wanting more.Definitely worth a purchase."
,Recommended,282140,18270357,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Maven,"This game is a very satisfying horror experience. A richly detailed world, compelling narrative and palpable atmosphere make this an unskippable title. Although at times the dialogue can seem a little forced or out of place to explain what's happening I believe it was a necessary sacrifice since fans of the medium seem to no longer enjoy patience or know how to read. There are a wide variety of 'Puzzles' which are fun to discover and the game even lets you solve them on your own without any tutorial hints or annoying pop-up messages. You will be immersed and enthralled. Must play."
,Recommended,282140,35424335,Posted: 2 October,all,THRILLHO,"A couple of years ago, I had a marajuana induced panic attack that opened up a lot of things in my brain that probably should have stayed closed. Ever since that day, I have lived in the perpetual shadow of the inevitability of death, acutely aware of the fact that we are all racing towards oblivion with each passing day.Before the episode, I was very much at peace with the fact that one day, I will die. As Roger Waters put it at the beginning of 'The Great Gig in the Sky', ""Why should I be afraid of death? There's no reason for it. Everyone has to go some time."" That was, more of less, my prevailing attitude.Sometimes, it's not so bad. I can put it at the back of my mind and just get on with things as normal. Other times, I feel like I'm constantly warding off a panic attack. Trying to fall asleep at night is the hardest part. With nothing to occupy my mind, my thoughts inevitably wander to places I'd rather them not go. I can only really fall asleep if I'm watching something on TV or YouTube. For years it's been wreaking absolute havoc on my sleeping pattern.Why am I spilling my guts like this? Because SOMA has helped me a lot. In progressing through this game's plot, it deals with philosophical issues like of the nature of conciousness, personal identity and what it means to be alive. It forces you to make difficult decisions about how you relate to these issues, both in game, and in real life; You are made to reflect upon what you yourself would do if you were in the situations the protagonist, Simon, finds himself in. You end up discovering things about yourself that you never knew were there. That is the true beauty of SOMA.To say anything more is to give too much about the game away. I'm not yet back to my 100% serene, at peace self, yet. But each day, I get a little closer, and like I said, SOMA has helped me. It has helped me deal with the fact that I am just a hunk of organic tissue housing a series of thoughts, collectively making up a conciousness that will one day cease to exist.Because of what this game has done for me, I cannot recommend it any higher to anyone who has trouble reconciling with just what it is to be."
,Recommended,282140,22352235,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,key,"This is actually a great game, I think maybe it was marketed wrong and never recieved the recognition it could have.  Forget about the ""horror"" tags, this is a well-written dystopian narrative in a sci-fi future with environmental puzzles.  Think Bioshock meets Myst.  If anything, the occasional monster sequences actually take away from the game.  If I had to play it again, I would probably use the ""Wuss Mode"" mod that makes the AI non-agressive.  The real achievement here is the beautifully rendered decayed industrial 3D environments and the atmosphere that the game builds.  There are also some very interesting philosophical issues explored in the story, great sound & voice work, and it's long enough to satisfy.  If you are looking for Amnesia jump scares, you may want to look elsewhere.  But if you are looking for a great game, check this out."
,Recommended,282140,32033244,Posted: 28 May,all,Dameleon,"Just beat SOMA, Excellent game, a few things I found annoying but overall it was still amazing. Started it April 18th and finally beat it today on May 28th after 14.5 hours. This game was great and the plot and direction this game took was insane. Excellent voice acting as well, hearing Simon's and Catherine's conversations made the story so easy to get into! Thank you for making this amazing game Frictional Games, it's officially one of my favorites of all time! GG!"
76561198155653675,Recommended,282140,19225560,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Miss Kale Shakes,"This game was crazy. Seriously. The whole game just messes with your head.geez.this is honestly the best psychological horror games ive played. other than amnesia of course, but...you know. if you are thinking about playing it, do it. pls"
,Recommended,282140,18254130,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Biggles,"Without wishing to spoil anything, it's a thought-provoking horror game with streamlined gameplay and a story that affected me more than Amnesia ever could.Bits of it aren't perfect, and the voice acting is a bit dodgy at points, but it's worth the $30 as purely an exercise in proof that not all first-person horror games on Steam are total garbage."
,Recommended,282140,20501465,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,♥SillyFinny♥,"From the creators of Amnesia comes this wonderful tale about the majestic wonders of the sea, robots, and sticking your hand in holes to heal =D. Survive this gripping story about Simon, a guy who just wants people to be their original selves and not copies. Help him get through this horror story with Catherine and get them to their happy places away from creepy creeps and unoriginal robots! 7.5/10 :D"
,Recommended,282140,31902696,Posted: 22 May,all,Renshaw,"I'm at a loss for words on how to describe SOMA.A lot of hard work went into this game and the developers should be proud. There are very few games with this level of quality and a storyline that doesn't disappoint. Well I wasn't disappointed anyway!The game is very linear, yes. But don't let that be the reason you don't get the game. SOMA is an experience you won't soon forget. I may only have played ten hours before finishing it, but it was ten of my best gaming hours ever.If you think you'd enjoy a mix of sci-fi and horror, I recommend SOMA. You won't regret it."
76561198253835546,Recommended,282140,32856031,Posted: 27 June,all,Steffen,Nope.. Went 10 minutes and put it off. I aint ready for this! Why do I keep buying horror games lol
,Recommended,282140,18184017,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Alex,Incredibly atmospheric and well realised setting wrought with thought provoking core themes and with a lot of exploration and world building. It's not Amnesia 2.0 which can only work in its favour given the abundance of jumpscare Youtube-bait that's sprung up in the aftermath of its release.Leave it to Frictional to make something that breaks the mould and redefines what an immersive horror experience should be. Best horror game of the year without a doubt.
,Recommended,282140,18196239,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Macgyverthehero,"SOMA is a great successor to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, being superior to it's predecessor in almost everyway, from the impressive capabilities of the new HPL3 Engine, to the philosophical approach to storytelling.It is currently one of the best mindf*cks in psychological survival horror of recent years, and will make you question the ethics and morality of what makes someone human or not.Fans of Frictional Games' previous work (excluding A:MFP) will enjoy this new benchmark in survival horror. SOMA may as some say, not be as scary as A:TDD, but that depends on your definition of what ""scary"" is.Don't spoil yourself beforehand, get this game now. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,282140,18238560,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Reggie Fils-Anime,"Wow. I just finished this game and I'm in awe. Sorry if this review is a bit scrambled, it's because I'm still in disbelief as I honestly think I just finished one of the greatest horror games of all time.Before I actually start this review, I want  to ensure that this game is for you. And that is because this game is a little bit more 'Machine for Pigs' than 'Dark Descent'. And by that, I mean that the game is heavily story based. While the gameplay and puzzles weren't as lost such as in Machine for Pigs, it is very clear that Frictional Games made the story top priority. So if you were expecting Dark Descent 2........ sorry.Now to actually start the review and while on the subject of story............. Jesus Christ. The story for this game is beyond fantastic. I was completely memorized from beginning to end and the pacing of the game was perfect. The game does begin off slow but I don't consider that a bad thing. The story and the horror slowly develop over the course of the game building into this disturbing and horrifying tale. It doesn't show all its cards at once, it pulls them out slowly, 1 by 1.I also loved the themes behind the game. The way the game deals with the themes of moral choice, what it means to be human, the emotion of AI is all very intelligent. The game doesn't treat you like you 4 years old. It lets you uncover the story yourself and put the pieces together. It doesn't feed you novels filled with exposition. It is up to you to interpret the story. And you do this through multiple ways such as audio recordings, photographs, writing on the walls, flashbacks and emails. And Frictional were kind enough to make these evidences short and sweet. You don't need to read through pages and pages of diary entries to patch the story together. This makes the game much more enjoyable as it actually encourages players to find this information. Some players may have been turned off by the long diary entries in Dark Descent; however that is not the case in this game.Now something I have heard about this game is that people don't think it is scary. While I don't consider this game to be as scary as Frictional's previous games (specifically Dark Descent), I feel like people saying the game wasn't scary at all are exaggerating a bit. As mentioned earlier the game does begin off slow, so the game does get way more terrifying later on. And considering (at the time of making the review) only 20% of people have achieved the 'The End' achievement, I don’t think enough people have given the game its proper chance. Because trust me, the game gets bloody terrifying near the end. And here is the kicker. The game is entirely psychological horror. No jump scares, no cheap shots, pure horror. Which is a breath of fresh air for the modern horror genre.However, I don't think a horror game needs to be necessarily scary to be good. And I say that because there are so many other factors which go into a horror game rather than the scares. And this is where SOMA shines above many other horror games.The atmosphere, the sound effects, the visuals, the imagery, the dialogue, the music, the voice acting, the lighting are all SUPERB. This is easily one of the most atmospheric games I have ever played. Just walking underwater was an amazing experience. I spent a lot of time just exploring the areas because I was so intrigued by the environment. So when people put this game down because ""it wasn't scary"", they're ignoring all these other factors which the game succeeds in. In fact, I would describe this game more as spooky, disturbing and creepy than scary. Which is actually a really impressive thing. It isn't hard for a game to quickly scare a player. But it is extremely difficult for a game to keep players spooked and disturbed for 10 hours.But no game is perfect. And to make this review fair, I will point out some drawback(s) of the game. The main drawback is optimization and glitch issues. My FPS for the game suddenly dropped to single frames at certain points of the game which really breaks the immersion. And this normally occurs during very important scenes. But I'm sure that in the future patches will fix this issue easily. However some of the bugs and crashes I experienced with this game are a big problem. I had 3 crashes in the game. While the game is quite generous with its auto saves, it still sucks when you get devoted into the game and suddenly get greeted with an error message. Some of the glitches are pretty frustrating also. To put it in perspective (and not spoiling anything), during the last 20 minutes of the game I was hit by a monster into a bunch of rocks in which I couldn't escape. Occurring during a very heart-racing chase scene, this not only broke my immersion but it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. However as mentioned before, I'm sure these can be easily fixed with patches.And any other con I have with the game I so freaking miniscule that it isn't even worth pointing out. So overall, I really do recommend this game. As I said, I did just finish the game so maybe I'm blinded. But I honestly haven't had this feeling of astonishment after finishing a game in a very long time. So if you like horror, if you like story based games, if you like disturbing stories, then BUY THIS GAME. This is a very different type of horror game and that is a good thing. In a time where the horror genre is booming and it seems 'mostly' the same. It's good to have something extremely unique.tldr;it’s good."
76561197975112401,Recommended,282140,18723036,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,CptStarbeard,"This game was a wonderful concordance of all of my favorite things: horror, the dreadful strangeness of our consciouness, walking-through-an-abandoned-station-listening-to-the-audio-logs-of-former-inhabitants, hard science fiction, artificial intelligence, zombies, post-apocalypse, robots, the bottom of the sea, the loneliness of space... and so much more.I'm a fan of the genre, and a fan of Frictional Games, in particular. SOMA is not genre-defying innovation: monster mechanics will be reminiscent to anyone familiar with Frictional's previous titles, and wandering about an abandoned place finding clues is ubiquitious to the genre (though I love it!).  It is, however, a masterful execution of all of those horror/scifi game notes, clearly learned from practiced iteration through their previous titles -- the wonderful writing and all its great dreary, existential themes are combined with Frictional's eye for suspense and storytelling -- it's excellent and truly captivating."
,Recommended,282140,30195155,Posted: 26 February,all,TheManCallahan,"SOMA might be my favorite story driven game of all time.  This game did more than make me care about the plot and characters, it forced me to think life and the definition of humanity.  The superficial (but well done) scares are very much secondary to the existential horror that you are forced to confront.  This is a must play."
,Recommended,282140,23943789,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,megarust,"What pulled me into purchasing this was the visuals that appeared to be like system shock and/or bioshock.  The game definitely gives off that vibe as you play through it.  I was surprised by how good of a story it had as the trailers I watched didn't tell me much of that. It's definitely a story driven first person adventure first with some elements of horror/suspense.  Horror games don't appeal to me so I was slightly reluctant to buy it for that reason, but this game is much more than all of that.  Buy it and enjoy it for the story and wonderfully crafted world."
76561197964679564,Recommended,282140,21060635,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Trevor Reznik,SOMA made me think. SOMA made me cry.It made me feel alone. It made me feel isolated.It made me feel together. Like a part of something bigger.SOMA has an insane audio design. It's hands down one of the best games I've ever played. And I'd recommend it to anyone not really into Horror games as well.
,Recommended,282140,18295879,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,123456789,"Another Excellent game from Frictional Games.Here are the things you need to know:- Story and the pace is masterly done.- There is alot to explore about this world.- Game is thought provoking- Environment, sound and lighting is great.- The puzzles don't feel out of place.- Enemies sometimes feels more like an annoyance than a threat (not that often)By all means, not a perfect game (if there ever will be any). But its a damn good game for those seeking a great story that wants you to think about your choices and the world around you, not what benefits you as a player to progress or be OP."
76561198023392226,Recommended,282140,18229384,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Obed Marsh,"I find it hard to put this in the horror category personally. There are some VERY unsettling and creepy bits, but as a HPL fan (we are obviously aware Frictional Games are also), I would liken it more to the dread and unknowing terror of his world.Come to think of it, I've always had issues with people categorizing him as an author of horror, too, in the same way. It's science fiction, and there are some incredibly disconcerting and seemingly ominous elements in the world. HPL bridged the dread of unfathomable depths and abstruse cosmos, and FG deserves some applause for so powerfully striking the same chords.A beautiful game, really.In the end, as a whole, it also far outshines The Dark Descent IMO, even without being ""scary."""
76561197963301010,Recommended,282140,18218639,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Xenoth,"As a lover of scifi and survival horror, I consider SOMA one of the best games I've played this year.I'm a huge lover of games like 'Penumbra', 'System Shock'-series, 'Dead Space', 'Alien: Isolation', 'STALKER'-series etc. I had my expectations up for this game, like everyone else. Most people had high expectations because of Amnesia, but I was hyped because of the combination of survival horror and scifi. There's not enough games like that these days.Before I actually got to play the game, I read other reviews and comments, stating that the game wasn't scary, was repititive and didn't live up to Amnesia. That didn't bother me, as I just wanted a great atmosphere and story. And boy, did I get that! Personally the game had the right amount of scares and ""discomfort"" - way better atmosphere than in 'Amnesia'. A lot of people don't like the grunts or monsters in 'SOMA', but compared to 'Amnesia', they scared the hell out of me - usually because I actually knew who they were, their story and what the wanted, unlike 'Amnesia'. The best word to describe SOMA would be ""disturbing"", rather than scary.I don't really want to compare 'SOMA' to Amnesia, because they are two very different games. I would rather compare 'SOMA' to 'Penumbra'. I would call 'SOMA' a mix of 'Alien: Isolation' and 'Penumbra', with a mix of themes from 'System Shock' and 'I Have No Mouth But I Must Scream'. And even 'The Swapper' actually.The game isn't perfect. I felt like the developers had trouble deciding what they wanted to use and what to discard. You feel like they're certain areas, that was supposed to have been used for something bigger, but was eventually discarded. The same goes for certain characters and scenarios, which you'll think have a much huger impact later on or will return, but don't. The supersecret.rar file in the folder confirms this. Secondarily, I lacked a mechanism, other than wandering around, picking stuff up and handling computers. Maybe something similar to the tinderboxes and lightning up candles in 'Amnesia' - a reason to open every drawer, other than just finding tidbits of inormation, that's not necessary for completing the story.-- SPOILERS --The story is great and along with the great and disturbing atmosphere, it's what makes the game great. I would have liked more information on the various people on Pathos-II, like more on Ross, Akers, Sarang, Herber etc. But the ethical, moral and philosophic questions that the game raise, are great. It's just a shame that none of these make any impact on the ending, because I've never felt so at loss when deciding what to do. Usually there's a good and evil choice in games, but not in SOMA. And that's so awesome! And great use of sound effects as well. I haven't heard sounds that great since I played Dead Space in 2008.-- SPOILER END --I'm very much looking forward to see what kind of mods will be made for this game. Imo they don't have to be scary. But Frictional Games did a great job on this game and to be honest, I will consider this game their best so far.9,5 / 10"
76561198079520532,Recommended,282140,22446383,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DeadJoshi,*Plays SOMA at night**Hides from monster**Monster walks in**Accidentally makes noise**Monster screams**Quits game**Cowering in corner*10/10 Never making noise again
,Recommended,282140,18168348,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Flandre,"Thy I should first speak about the release and optimization of this game. WHO DOESN'T want a smooth release nowadays?I've had no issues with optimization or bugs in this game, and it was one of the rare smooth launches so far, along the side of Metal Gear Solid V and Mad Max. I do not know why there are some people complaining. Fix your computers maybe?With that said, the game is... well... hauntingly scary and amazing in several ways. It's very clever in its own ways, but I cannot say much without spoling it. The game immerses you in such a way that you just want to know what will happen. It leaves you question your own self, and the concept of survival and humanity play in.Frictional Games outdid themselves with their engine and sound effects. I literally looked behind myself a few times, thinking there was things actually going on in my room than the game. The sound is just so crisp and authentic, along the balance of decent looking graphics. They're not the best, but the graphics work. In terms of gameplay, this has plenty of things to do that will keep you on the edge of insanity. Even though this game doesn't have the same sanity system as the previous Amnesia: The Dark Descent did, the horror itself and the... ""things"" are very nicely done, each with a unique way of having to get around them.I believe this is worth the money, and your time, should you be looking for a rich story and a hauntingly amazing atmosphere."
,Recommended,282140,18188278,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,waterbottles,"Amazing game.  If i were to compare it to Amnesia, id say its not as scary, not as many puzzles/puzzles are easier, although i think the atmostphere in this game especially if you wear a headset is WAY better."
,Recommended,282140,18157491,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Vidyabum,"One of the most enjoyable games I've played released so far this year. Like the ocean, it gets spookier the deeper you go. If Penumbra or Amenesia tickled your fancy at all, this is a must play. Fun times were had."
76561198043486911,Recommended,282140,29838394,Posted: 10 February,all,Inyourface,Interesting story and atmosphere. It isn t only the horror that makes this game great.
,Recommended,282140,18485310,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,NumberlessDooDoo,"SOMA restored my faith in humanity, by launching it into space."
76561197982853347,Recommended,282140,18151391,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Woodman,"If you are looking for jumpscares, this isn't the game for you.  SOMA is all about atmosphere, and it does it VERY well.Even when there was no immediate danger, I found myself with a constant uneasiness, and dreading every sound and what ""might be there"".  I would recommend this to anybody who liked Amensia: The Dark Descent, or anybody who likes ""Creepy"" games, and/or isn't in to the jumpscare thing."
,Recommended,282140,18267836,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,that's what she said,"It's very hard to write something coherent about this game. It is very smart and very depressing game (unlike Amnesia TDD or Penumbra). Casual horror fans might find it a bit lacking in bombastic scares, but it's the story that will keep your mind racing for weeks after you finished it. I just collected my thoughts to recommend this game here. As I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone with IQ high enough to keep the discussion with it, but it's hard to explain why. Yeap, this game is an open discussion, dialog with the player, developers talk to you through gameplay and story. Talk about things you weren't up to talking about. The game is not scaring you, it forces you to scare you by your own thoughts. It's that type of horror that make you double-check what you think is right, to reevaluate your beliefs. And just like in real life you'll always be wrong and sooner or later you'll regret your decisions.Long story short: this game is philosophical and ethical discussion in a vein of The Talos Principle. But instead of puzzles you get monsters. What makes us human? What death really means? Is there death at all?I'm pretty sure if you are that type of person you'll ignore some of the game's flaws. Be it sometimes bad dialogs or scares just for the sake of scares. The game has very immersive atmosphere, great sound and visual design. Also has great sense of going deeper and deeper down the ocean. You might loose an arm in the process. I recommend this game to everyone with open mind, not only horror fans.p.s.: the ending will leave a scar. I warned you."
76561197984958577,Recommended,282140,18148866,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Nova225,"Played it all in one sitting.  Sue me, I was on my weekend on a weekday and I work nights.  What better way to spend it then a brand new horror game by Frictional?If you're looking for a spiritual sequel to Amnesia, this is only halfway there.  SOMA is far more story driven, with a voiced protaganist this time.  The setting is also a complete 180.  It's very futuristic, and brings up a lot of philosophical questions about the soul.  Throw in a splash of Bioshock (haha puns) and this is what you get.The gameplay is essentially the same as the Penumbra and Amensia series.  Part ""Walking Simulator"" and part ""hide from the scary monsters"".  You go around interracting with things, picking up items, hiding from psuedo-zombies that screw up your vision, and keep progressing.  An interesting addition is a 3 strikes system with the enemies.  If you meet one face to face you essentially black out and wake up in the same spot you were attacked, with the enemy that found you some ways off, allowing you to hide again.  Each time you're attacked your vision gets a little more blurry and your movement lopsided, but you're still able to continue.The story is absolutly delicious, but it's hard to tell too much about it with giving major spoilers.  Essentially, you're a Canadian you got into a nasty car accident, has pretty bad brain damage, and decides to go through some experimental treatment.  Within the blink of an eye, you're suddenly in another world with no idea of what's going on.All in all, a solid game from Frictional, and I look forward to see what they come up with next."
,Recommended,282140,18143343,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,clyde,>start game>player refuses to take shower>go to doctor all mustyjust like real life 11/10 its ok
76561198043168588,Recommended,282140,19444768,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,neonwhite900,SOMA is a horror game less scary in an outright way and more in a primal sense. A game that asks the player lots of heavy questions that have no right or wrong answer.The experience you get with SOMA depends on how you would approach and answers those questions. What do you find scary and how would you answer the questions it poses. But simply put: We need to more games like this in the world.
,Recommended,282140,18451497,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,"Clavietika, 🐙Explo's Mistress","Atmospheric, chilling, cerebral goodness.The horror you encounter in SOMA does not come from the ""monsters"" that haunt the halls of Pathos-II but rather that build up of existential dread that permeates throughout.The horror lies in the questions you start asking yourself as you uncover the story surrounding Pathos-II and its inhabitants.Where am I?Who am I?Why am I?"
,Recommended,282140,18274622,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,vxl,"SOMA is a game rich with atmosphere and story, Frictional Games did a great job with creating an environment that puts you on edge and really makes you feel for the character and the situation you find yourself in. The gameplay mechanics were interesting and varied and the game did not get too repetitive as it went on.The monsters did become somewhat annoying rather than scary at points however I can appreciate this is only a tiny fault, the story it self is what made the game for me, without giving too much away it really does make you cotemplate the meaning of our existence and what it really means to be human.• Rating: 8.6/10- 1.00 for replayability value, once you've completed this there isn't really much room to play it again.- 0.4 for not actually being that scary."
,Recommended,282140,18193230,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"[ POSSIBLE SPOILERS.  READ AT YOUR OWN PERIL ].SOMA is the 5th game developed by Frictional Games,  and as a huge fan of Amnesia (and slightly less so Penumbra),  I was really looking forward to diving into this game.  Underwater settings are a huge selling point for me, and it looked like this one would be chalk full of atmosphere.I was not dissapointed.The environments and ambience of the game immerse you in a dark, damp, world full of malfunctioning machines and abandoned sea labs.  It's visually stunning, and it sounds even better than it looks, with  constant creaking and rumbling that you could swear wasn't even coming from the game.  Headphones are a must!There is also a rich story here, about a man with brain damage, an apocalypse, and a cancerous AI.  It is told to you through a combination of audio recordings, and audiovisual clues in the environment. (notepads, old TVs, etc.).  It does a good job of showing you *just* enough to keep you interested without telling you the whole story.But then there's that burning question,  which all of us horror fans will be asking -  Is this a good horror game?  And the answer is : No.  No it is not. In fact, I would go as far as to say that Soma falls more in to the category of 'psychological thriller' , than horror.   For a number of reasons -1.  The enemies are more annoying than frightening.Visually, they look sort of disturbing.  But that's about it.  They have incredibly predictable AI patterns, and avoiding them is just a matter of exploiting their particular AI flaw.  Some monsters respond to sound, others to line of sight, etc.  They are a far cry from the truly horrific creatures we faced in the Dark Descent.2.  The voice acting is totally at odds with the situations your character finds himself in.Your chipper Canadian protagonist responds to mutilated bodies and biomechanical horrors with a casual ""Gosh! What was that thing?""  It would sound more at home in an episode of Scooby Doo than a dark horror game.3.  The game heavily implies that your circumstances are imagined,  so the feeling of risk is out the window.At multiple points throughout the game , your character will randomly teleport from place to place and suddenly find equipment he didn't know he had.  A horror experience relies on putting you in your character's shoes and creating a concern for his or her well being.  In SOMA, it is impossible to care about the fate of your character because you are all too aware that he may be simply experiencing a hallucination.  And yes, I am aware that this can be a horrifying situation if done correctly - see 'Layers of Fear' if you're looking for psychedelic horror of that nature.  Cuz this aint it.So, with all of that being said,  is SOMA a good game?  Well .... yes, and no.   Can it create a compellling and atmospheric world and suck you into it ?  Yes.   Can it tell you a mind boggling story that will have you questioning what you see ?  Yes.   Does it have good gameplay?  Sort of.   Is it a good horror game?  Hell no.If you are looking for an intriguing story in an atmospheric world,  SOMA will satisfy you.  If you want to be frightened, look elsewhere.Games like this really make me wish that Steam's review system had more options than ""Yes"" and ""No""  :/"
,Recommended,282140,18224379,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,dash16,"So, I just finished SOMA last night.  HIGHLY recommended, if you enjoyed any of the atmosphere and story of Bioshock you will love this game.  I played it in Steam on my Mac with an Xbox 360 controller and had an absolute blast.  While the decisions you make in the game don't affect the outcome or story in any significant ways, they do have WEIGHT.  I agonized over a couple of decisions, like literally had to pause the game and think it through before I acted.  Some decisions came more easily, however as I progressed through the game and learned more about the situation I was in I came to regret them.This game is a perfect blend of horror, sci-fi and storytelling.  The effects and technology really pull off the feeling of walking around on the bottom of the ocean floor.  There are some puzzle elements, but they are natural and intuitive.  There is zero combat.  You will encounter enemies you wish you could explode into a million screaming pieces, but your helplessness forces you to figure out a way past without resorting to brute force.  Very much a thinking man's game.I only experienced one bug in the game, and it's already been patched by the 1.0.1 version.  Frictional Games has been polishing this gem for 5 years and it shows."
,Recommended,282140,20463196,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,wourme,"A worthy science fiction successor to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Good atmosphere, effective tension, and a compelling story. The game deals with some of my favorite philosophical concepts and explores them in a way that nicely drives home the implications."
,Recommended,282140,18286511,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,OracleDJ,Masterpiece of sci-fi horror.
,Recommended,282140,27350187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Giga,"As much as I loved Amnesia: The Dark Descent, this game edged it out as my favourite work of Frictional Games. It might not be as scary, sure, but its atmosphere is engrossing and the story is compelling and one of the most memorable I've ever seen in a video game.The setting of Pathos-II and the surrounding ocean floor is extraordinarily well-realized. The space feels functional and lived-in, or at least it gives the impression that it was until recently. Piecing together what happened through both the main story beats as well as exploring the station for the bits to fill in the blanks is rewarding and actually presents a coherent picture of what happened to the station and its inhabitants. This isn't just done through collecting tons of notes and diaries a la Resident Evil or even Amnesia itself, either. The main character can listen to the last moments of the corpses they find throughout the station as well as data buffers from comm terminals. Computer terminals will have their own bits of story to pick through; such as shipping manifests, the occasional audio log, and various other files. And of course there is the occasional note and picture lying around in living spaces. The end result is a world that feels properly constructed and a story not entirely delivered through suicide notes or diaries conveniently strewn about.While this game is of course short on (still-living) characters, the ones that are there are well-acted and well-written. This includes the playable character, who is actually a character in his own right and not just a vessel for the player. Their motivations and actions are believable, and while the game has moments of loneliness there is quite a bit more dialogue and character interaction than Frictional's previous titles. The plot presents you with choices and concepts that are meaningful and will likely remain with you some time after they've passed. Seldom do any of them seem one-sided, they are almost always open to further interpretation, discussion, and multiple viewpoints.The monster encounters are a somewhat contested aspect of the game, and while I can understand some of the complaints they have reasons (both story and otherwise) for being present and there was only one encounter that I wasn't totally onboard with.All in all, if you have any interest in horror, sci-fi, or both, you should probably play this game. Frictional Games has produced their finest work yet and I'm eagerly awaiting what comes next."
,Recommended,282140,20415813,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Aerystotle,"Going into this game I didn't know what to expect. I'm not particularly a fan or horror games, but I was amazed at how well SOMA was able to pull off the horror vibe without overdoing it with say, jump scares. Instead, it'ssubtle. All the while, this game maintains an incredible storyline, using an idea that I've never seen in another game before. SOMA is, as the tags would suggest, quite atmospheric, and from my experience, I'd say that it's one of the most immersive games I have ever played. If you're thinking about purchasing SOMA,do it.This is definately one of my favorite games, as it is truely astonishing how brilliant it is."
76561198028764279,Recommended,282140,18292150,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Netherborn,"What an adventure this is, old school story telling at it's best, one of those games that actually makes you think and I love it! Atmospherically it's simmilar to System Shock 2 and Bioshock, but gameplay wise it's like Amnesia and that's great, it means very little to no item collecting, no weapons, just puzzles and story line peaces (mostly audio!) 9/10"
,Recommended,282140,18563741,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Eiite,"Amazing atmosphere, believable story, some of the best sound assets of any horror game to date. The game creates a very morbid enviroment to immerse yourself in and does a great job leaving you with a sense of remorse over some of the moral delimas you are faced with. It does an excellent job at invoking emotional responses in the player that sync up very well with how the mian character must have felt. Highly recommend this game."
76561198052724894,Recommended,282140,18319785,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Flaygarth,"Well I finished SOMA in about four sessions, the last session being the longest at over six hours straight; pretty amazing game concerned with the fundamentals of what it is to be 'alive' and 'human' great SciFi story. There are some rather frustrating sections and some scares but mainly an amazing SciFi thriller. As a SCUBA diver who has frequently dived in less than ideal conditions I thought the underwater parts were very well done. Highly Recomended"
76561198000710280,Recommended,282140,18314167,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MonkeyHarris,"I wish these guys had written the story and characters for Alien: Isolation!Despite Soma using every well trodden survival horror trope around, Frictional Games have crafted an excellent, original game full of suspense and suprise.   A rare game where the ending actually matters (and impossible to guess).  This game puts many of its triple A  competitors to shame.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,18312744,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Trivvy™,"Took me 10 hours to complete (not rushing, reading/listening to everything), and loved every minute of it.To start with though, if you try to play the game above 60FPS, you will experience screen tearing, even if you have a monitor that supports above 60Hz. VSync (as of writing this review) caps you at 60, even if you set the refresh rate higher. VSync also introduces some strange slow-downs, even though the counter may show 59-60FPS, you'll notice when walking around sometimes that you'll get micro-stutters. This isn't to be confused with level loads (levels are loaded continuously as opposed to loading screens). What I recommend is turning VSync off, and forcing an FPS limiter through your driver. Personally I set mine to 120 FPS. There was still screen tearing, but it wasn't as noticable as 144 FPS.But anyway! If 10 hours is too short for you, the game has mod support in the form of a level editor and model editor, so I would expect plenty of custom content within the next 6 months and beyond. Perhaps the developers may do what they did with Amnesia and release free expansions like with Justine and the other one I forgot the name of.Whether the game is scary or not depends purely on you, some apparantly didn't, but I certainly did. The concepts that the game explores are very thought provoking, and will stay with me for a long time. The environments were great, though the engine is showing its age a bit with some textures being a bit low quality. The sci-fi setting really appeals to me, and I preferred this game immensely to Amnesia. Plus the themes of A.I., robots, and consciousness/sapience as a whole interest me a lot.In short. Do you like sci-fi? Do you like very dark and grim themes? Exploration, and piecing together story via various texts/images/audio logs you find, on top of the character interaction? A good dosage of horror thrown in there that will make your palms sweaty? A story that will make you think and perhaps question things you haven't before?SOMA is definitely for you."
76561198050321601,Recommended,282140,18321094,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Proace,"I have to start off with this review by saying it's the most thought provoking horror (if not any) game I've ever experienced in my life.  When you start this game, you may feel like it's a bit slow, but it's for a good reason.  Give it a chance and it'll get scary.  I found myself jumping a few times.  I'm the kind of person who will get scared at a  thing like Outlast, but not Slender, so if you're anything like that, you'll like this game.  It picks up around the end of the first quarter.  The coolest part of this game is that it's not only a 'try to survive and get out', but instead it brings a whole new aspect into play.  I don't wnat to go too in depth, because I'd liek you to experience it yourself, but let me tell you, it will have you in amazement at the complex ideas this game has to offer.  It has you asking questions the whole time, only to be answered later in the game.  So is it worth oyur money?  Heck yes.  The length of the game is as good just as it will keep you on the edge of your seat."
,Recommended,282140,18242025,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,[MOO]AtraCanis,"Don't read anything about the plot, just go into the game, let your brain think about the stuff you encounter, and explore everything! There are so many important awesome details waiting for you, that will make you think about some very deep issues at times.I do wish your choices that you make in the game had more of an impact to the story, but I still feel this game is amazing value, I seriously did not expect a world this interesting and detailed.Personally I'm not a massive fan of Amnesia, because I find that it's kind of insanely scary, and I often torture myself with turning off the lights and turning up the volume, and maybe it's because I didn't do this in this game I managed to get through it, but I do feel that this is much more focused on telling a story vs. scaring the crap out of you, something I've read others say as well."
76561197999522648,Recommended,282140,18180344,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Nebic,"SOMA is terrifying, bleak, occasionally funny, deeply thought provoking, and an absolute must play. Although not without faults, the sparse frustrating moments are easily overlooked by the fantasic story and incredible atmosphere.The ending will leave you speechless."
76561197970340715,Recommended,282140,18267680,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,JinkyTjaz,"Absolutely fantastic game. Superb story, pacing and design. 10 out of 10 for me."
76561198077277425,Recommended,282140,19426609,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Snakey,"I downloaded SOMA without knowing anything about the game, I just wanted something to pass the time.  It was actually a really good game with an intriguing setup and story.  Firstly, its not an action game.  If you've played Alien Isolation, which I loved, this is a level below that in terms of horror but its the same type of gameplay - you use stealth to progress the story.  There are no weapons, bombs or knives, you simply rely on avoidance. I actually really liked this as it adds a sense of tension knowing that you can't just kick doors in and let rip with a minigun. The recent new breed of stealth games are intelligent story driven games.  The levels are linear in SOMA but it works fine and they're never boring due to scripted game events.I really enjoyed the environment, it reminded me of the film, The Abyss, especially later in the game.  The SCI FI story is excellent without ruining it, its actually very thought provoking and the ending reminded me of the SCI FI film The 13th Floor.  I was impressed with the fact that the game didn't go crazy with dozens of monsters and bosses.  I kept thinking that it was going to be similar to Dead Space but it was much more slowly paced.  The monsters were pretty brutal at times and some of the AI seemed a bit unfair but never to the point were it made you want to give up. The game raised thought provoking philosophical questions relating to the afterlife, euthanasia and artifical inteligence. It was quite sad in parts and there was a sense of impending doom that lingers with you as you progress. I was happy to play a game that doesnt expect you to collect item after item after item etc etc, there are no health bars or mass piles of items/ammo to collect.  The only time you slow down is to read the journals and listen to the audio recordings, but these are interesting - the game was like an unfolding novel and each new bit of info enriched the story.I finished the game in 10 hours but to be honest I could have played it longer.  Even now I still think about it.If you're looking for something different with great graphics, a great location and a strong thought provoking story sprinkled with bouts of horror.. I can't recommend SOMA enough..."
,Recommended,282140,18255752,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"Frictional is back. Their unparalleled ability to tell a story through interactive media is at it's finest here. SOMA takes everything you loved about Penumbra and Amnesia and builds on it. I refuse to get into ANY detail because spoiling any little piece would take away from the experience.And what an experience it is...SOMA, like Frictional's other works, will stand the test of time. The conversations generated after you finish the game are full of deep and philosophical thought, making you question and ponder the very existence of humanity. Every once and a while a game comes out that makes you question what a game can be, what the phrase ""video game"" actually means. Boundaries you never knew existed are broken with SOMA.If you like a rich, professionally executed and well paced story that WILL get your thoughts and emotions going, then SOMA is a must. If you're looking for cheap jump scares or cartoony gore and violence, then this is not the game for you. SOMA uses expertly crafted ambience and your own morality/conscience to produce feelings of uneasiness, dread and terror. The team's talents and abilities have matured. It's clear they've learned much from their previous games.A literary masterpiece that keeps you enthralled until the very end, SOMA will be another standard to be measured by for years to come. A refined game for the refined gamer. If video games were wine, then SOMA would be of the finest vintage and flavor."
76561197996051788,Recommended,282140,28781348,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,VASC,"So, first off, this game has an amazing story. I really feel like I need to keep playing to know more and more. But the more I play, the more weird♥♥♥♥♥♥happens. This game in my opinion, is one of the creepiest / scariest games to date. It's scary to play, but you find the guts to do it. Just in between the hours of 10am and 5pm. When its dark, and you're alone in your room. Its quite unsettling.Overal review 9.5/10"
76561198000852812,Recommended,282140,18365126,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Rahzum,"If you're looking for the next jumpscare screamfest for your favorite youtube celeberity, you're going to be dissapointed.SOMA is not a horror game, not in the way that Amnesia was. The monsters are mostly machines, and they're even more slaved to obvious gaming than the monster in Amnesia was, and they're far, far less present You have a cheerful side-character who encourages you throughout the game, and there's an underscore of hope to the whole thing that utterly slays its attempts at being a trully scary game.It was a brave, some would say audacious decision for Frictional Games, the people who are almost soley responsible for the ""Scarecam"" genre to decide to go somewhere completely different with their second game. And what did they make? What is SOMA, if it's not a horror game?It's an absolute god damn masterpeice of science fiction, that's what it is.To spoil nothing, this is a game about humanity. About where we draw the lines between what we are, what we could be, and what's worth living for. It is a game about the soul, about what it means to be alive, and to what end we accept living. It's about the misfortune of birth, about the terror of living, and in an absolutely shocking moment, suicide and the right to live.If that sounds heavy and artsy...well, that's because it is. But it's handled with elegance and care, without ever becoming a straight Walking Simulator. You are challenged, you are a peice of this story, and Frictional knows how to hurt you when they want...and how to reward you for what you suffer.SOMA is not a horror game. It's not an action game either, and I feel that anyone who comes in for challenge gameplay or jumpscare fodder will leave unfullfilled. It's not a game you play for the pleasure of playing, it's a game you play because it is an experience that wouldn't work in any other medium.At the end of the day, you, and only you, decide what your humanity is.Soma is not a horror game. But it's something absolutely beautiful."
,Recommended,282140,32827979,Posted: 26 June,all,Parias,"This game has an amazing story and an even more amazing ending. I cannot recommend this enough. Although if you get turned off by the monsters, feel perfectly free to install the ""Wuss Mode"" mod that stops them from attacking - it doesn't diminish the game in any way IMHO and is very worth the trouble!"
,Recommended,282140,31298864,Posted: 22 April,all,BluesAdam,"This is a decent execution of a horror game. Instead of jumpscares here and there, the psychological elements of this game really makes you question and feel the uneasiness at every step you take. In the first hour, I questioned so many things that I felt totally immersed. Instead of things screaming at you, in this game, things you can't understand make you feel terrified which is the real horror.There are decent graphics, decent controls, well prepared levels and interactions and very few bugs so it will be a smooth experience. I totally suggest you buy this game."
,Recommended,282140,18401676,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,SCAARR,"SOMA is Frictional Games newest fear fest. Being the developer who created Amnesia, which essentially defined the “hide and seek” gameplay, they have some pretty big shoes to fill. Especially after the second Amnesia, A Machine for Pigs, was not received as well.SOMA takes place in an underwater science facility called PATHOS-2, and man, it’s f*&$ing gorgeous! The atmosphere has a perfect mixture of both horror and wonder. Wondering the dark underwater tunnels was extremely immersive for me and although I was pretty on edge for the duration of my play, I was still compelled to explore the environment around me. Putting aside the fact that you have to look around anyway to solve most puzzles. Which is another reason I liked it, SOMA does not hold your hand unless you ask for it.  Although, the puzzles themselves were a bit easy, you still have to figure your way around. Often resulting in some frantic chase sequences when the monster appears! The sound alone when this thing is around you is terrifying in its own right. The guys at Frictional put a tremendous effort in the quality of sound in this game. Playing without a good headset would be a crime, missing all the little creeks and bumps going on everywhere around you. Although, the voice acting could use a bit of work honestly but the story and what’s being conveyed more than makes up for it. The story is the best part of the game yet. It’s refreshing finding a game with such amazing and thought provoking story. I honestly would’ve called this a perfect game if not for the voice acting and some issues with the A.I. There’s nothing worse in a horror game that can happen other than when the monster is no longer a threating. As we learned in Slender (whomp whomp), this can happen when the monster’s A.I. gets STUCK. This happened to me twice and the weird thing was it was in the strangest places. There wasn’t a box in front of them or some kind of tricky object, sometimes it just looked like they were stuck on some clipping from walls! I was confused at first, even to the point where I was throwing objects at them, hoping they would snap out of it or something, but nope…I could just move on without impediment.TL;DR All in all, the game is awesome. I think it’s safe to say that Frictional Games was able to meet the huge standard from their previous games. Although there were some minor complaints, some may not even experience the same issues. It’s seriously not too often a game has so little downside. With a 30 USD price tag, this game is definitely worth buying. Out of 10, I’d give this an easy 9."
,Recommended,282140,21208346,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Hati,"You play as Simon, an♥♥♥♥♥ that's bad...But it's atmospheric, that's good...But you play as Simon, an idiot, that's bad...And it deals with interesting questions, that's good...But you're still Simon... that's bad..."
76561198042145848,Recommended,282140,22889838,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,"Frictional Games know how to make them . A story driven title along with atmoshere is what makes a game for me . Some of the tasks had me confused on what to do , but that is what makes a great game . To actually think and use your head . 10/10 for quality graphics , storey and atmosphere"
,Recommended,282140,18240418,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,AbiliTV Broadcasting,"Hi makers od SOMA - I do hope you rerad this as it is directed to you.First make the cursor remain within the windowed mode, both modes. It is super annoying to end up opening other apps, and having things start or stop because you are outisde the game window. ESC should be how we get out of it. OK.Also why in Full screen can't I show this on my broadcast? It goes BLACK. I can window it at the SAME exact 1080 resolution and I can capture it with Manycam or any other software. Please fix this annoying issue. Thanks.Other than me getting myself stuck in a few places you as gam makers never expected me to end up, this is a very well done game. It is extremely fun to play and love, love, love the fact we can not fight or attack really, and must use our minds to think things through. Excellent work on that.I would love to see a series of these actually. :)I fully recommend this game to those who like to mentally get wrapped up in a game. AWESOME FUN!"
,Recommended,282140,18317347,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bison,"One of the best, most immersive horror games I've played in a very long time. Stop buying that FNAF trash and play SOMA."
,Recommended,282140,21378304,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Roxas (ง •_•)ง,"SOMA is a breakthrough for Frictional Games. It's a sci-fi horror game that stays true to the roots of Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The distinguishing feature in this game is that it explores very deep and profound ideas concerning humanity.The most noticable thing right off the bat is that the new HPL engine is very good. The graphics, sound, behavior, etc are all a huge step up from previous Frictional titles, while it also keeps the trademark mechanics of environment interaction. All in all, this results in the game being incredibly immersive.The plot is the most interesting that I've ever experienced in a Frictional title. It's not a cliche horror plot of escaping a castle from some monsters or whatever. In the beginning, you'll play as a man named Simon that got in a car accident, who has then volunteered to undergo an experiment that involves getting his brain scanned before he wakes up in an underwater city. From there, you learn more about what has gone on since your recent memory, the future, and what happened at the station. Most of the plot stems from the idea that science has advanced us enough that the technology to scan brains and to reanimate dead muscles/systems exists, which, of course, results in people going crazy, some zombie sort of creatures, and the general running amok. From then on, you'll be breached with the ideas of who you are, what you're doing, the impact of the technology on the world, and even reality itself.The exploration is fairly linear, as usual. There are a lot of things that you can explore and the fine details of the environment are all present to the standard of your modern RPGs. One of the main drawbacks of the game was that I felt like the monsters were so annoying that they broke immersion. Sometimes, it took immense concentration to get past a monster (especially the last one), and it completely broke the flow of the game. If the game wasn't so enriching and immersive in the first place, these monsters might not have made the contrast so sharp. Regardless, there is a mod on the steam workshop called ""wuss mode"" that I highly recommend using during your 2nd playthrough so that you can pick up on more finer details that you will have certainly missed the first time.During the game, you'll be constantly presented with gray areas about what's right and wrong in certain ethical situations. If you have the ability to bring up a simulation of a dead man, are you actually doing things to him? Does he remember them? What would you do if you ever met your clone? If someone is cloned and one of the people die, is that person dead or is the clone alive? Are you simply putting people out of their misery with that? Is there some intrinsic, yet unique, right that a person has to not get copied to a hard drive?SOMA was one of the few games that I instantly purchased and played when it was released. I had been won over as a fan of Frictional from their previous titles and the ideas/plot to this game were perfect for my taste. Hope you're ready for low action, deep thinking, and scary hallways."
,Recommended,282140,18259550,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ShellySoBae,"The amazing story telling and gamplay itself wasn't enough? The core idea behind will leave you with a very deep philosophical outlook on life, that could leave a mark on your perspective of life."
76561198121042207,Recommended,282140,33007888,Posted: 29 June,all,"SUCH OKAMI, WOW","The story in this game is fockin gr8, would highly recommend it just for the story alone.If you're the type of person that doesn't like horror games, but just wants to experience the story, there's a mod called 'Wuss mode', where the monsters will not attack the player.Also, as a horror game, it is gr8 as there are no cheap jumpscares and the atmosphere of the game really suits it."
,Recommended,282140,19574825,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Shade,"This is an amazing game, it has the horror elements of Amnesia:the dark descent with improved elements, and the world around you is beautiful and is absolutely stunning. The story is thrilling and will bring chills to your bones. I Recommend this game for anyone looking for a great story, a scary game and a game that will make you think, becouse you WILL question humanity after this game. Trust me, you make big decisions in this game that you will not know the outcome of, and they will be stuck in your mind through the game."
,Recommended,282140,20928737,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Crio,"What. A. Ride. This. Was.Long time Frictional Games fan here, and I can gladly say that they did not disappoint once again. I loved Penumbra for its doom-looming vibe and how the most scary part was the story. I feel like Frictional went back to this formula and really strived from it.This is not a typical survival horror; the enemies are probably the easiest part. With a little bit of careful maneuvering, you can avoid the enemies completely. I'm pretty sure the enemies were put in just to get the typical scary game audience to play. Yahtzee of Zero Punctuation sums the enemies up fantastically, so you should check out his review of the game. The real freakish nature is in the story, the atmosphere, the setting, and a moral grey area Frictional decided to play with.I wanna call it a hard sci-fi game, but that genre kinda comes with a ""boring"" sticker slapped on it. This is not a boring game. It's action packed with plenty of ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments, whether it be from the sudden collapse of a structure or from a stunning emotional realization. Like I said, Frictional plays with the idea of existence and they take it pretty far, enough to make my heart stop at some points.The visuals are stunning. The whole game takes place at the bottom of the ocean which calls for some pretty amazing environments. It's a huge step up from Amnesia, their artists really took some double time with this one. I have a huge fear of deep sea, so you could imagine how I felt when I saw all the creepy crawly details. The monsters were well designed, but unfortunately had very little screen time to be admired. The amount of character renders and portraits were also an amazing feat from such a small studio.THE AUDIO DESIGN, OH MY GOD. The audio in this game is SO GOOD. It took me close to 20 minutes to get past the very beginning of the game because I was having so much fun listening to all the impact sounds from every little prop in the room. The ambience, the machinery, the physics, every bit had so much detail and quality put into the audio aspect. It's such a breath of fresh air from all the dull stock sounds devs have been using recently. Also Mikko Tarmia! He's been around since Penumbra, his style is so very unique. His scores have been inspiring me for years, I often listen to his work while writing to get in the mood. And of course, he did not disappoint again. You should really look at Frictional's behind the scenes videos, Tarmia has such a unique way of creating his music.The story.... I can't talk about the story... It's best to go in completely blind. Trust me, it's gonna make you think of some grey areas that most of us try not to think about. It's a ♥♥♥♥in' rollercoaster, that's all I can say.Overall, Frictional Games knocked this one out of the park. Black Plague used to be my favorite of their games, but I'm pretty sure this one is on top. If you loved the Penumbra series, you will ADORE this one. If you're a returning Amnesia fan and enjoyed the atmosphere, then you'll enjoy this. If you're looking for a heart-racing survival horror, then you might be disappointed. This is a sci-fi horror game, it scares you in ways that don't rely on chasey-runny scenes.It's a game for people looking for a new experience. Frictional took HUGE risks with this game, and it surely paid off. You at least gotta give them some applause for taking those risks head-on and releasing this one-of-a-kind existential thriller."
76561198194026051,Recommended,282140,22760185,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kaygivs,"One of the deepest video games I've ever experienced, and that's not just because it takes place on the ocean floor.The atmosphere was so fitting for the theme of the game and really gave me that tense claustrophobic feeling that you're not ever safe when you're inside; serene yet vulnerable when you're outside in the ocean depths. I really don't know why there haven't been more horror games set in this deep ocean environment.I'm not an expert on horror games, but the gameplay was pretty tense and had some elements that I hadn't ever experienced before though I don't want to share them here for the sake of spoilers. That's just something you really have to find out for yourself to get the optimal appreciation out of it.The voice acting was probably the only gripe I might have. While the two main protagonists were decent for the most part, pretty much every other performance was unconvincing to laughable. Might just be my opinion though. I literally did laugh at one particular segment.The story though.... wow... I will remember this story for the rest of my life. The dialogue was perfectly written with monologues that will keep you up at night pondering the universe and your place in it as well as others that overcome the mediocre voice acting to bring you to the verge of tears. The plot progression was very well executed, throwing you into a setting with no idea what is going on and just when you think you've figured out ""the big twist of the game"" they reveal it only to introduce more questions for you to figure out all over again some of which are never answered in the game and leave you to ponder on your own time.There are very few horror stories that I just don't want to end, and SOMA is definitely one of them. A must play for gamers, non-gamers, horror lovers, horror haters alike. Every one should play this game."
76561198027925455,Recommended,282140,18277000,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sthenotaph,"A worthy successor to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, SOMA is a visceral and engaging experience that wades more deeply into the dark waters of speculative Sci-fi than traditional Horror (though there's absolutely no shortage of physical and psychological ghastliness on display) through the unpleasant ambiguities it asks the player to face.  More often than not these ideas bubble up slowly over time, with only a small numer of heavyhanded moral or expository moments scattered across the 8-12 hours of play.  From a mechanical perspective it follows Amnesia fairly closely, deviating most in that (unlike Amnesia) you can in fact be killed by the creatures you encounter, and that there is more than one variety of enemy stalking you through the game.  The design is almost uniformly excellent, so much so that the few merely passable segments stand out in sharp contrast with the rest of the experience.  To this I'll speak with encouragement and also warning to prospective players: the sections directly before and directly after a certain elevator are by far the least pleasant part of the journey in terms of unintentional frustration.  They feel like they were designed very early on in the game's life cycle and never effectively revisited.  There's much more game to be had beyond them, though, so bite your lip and muscle through.Buy this game!  Play it!  If only so that I can have more people to discuss it with."
,Recommended,282140,18277672,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,sTIAN,"Wow. Just Wow. I don't even know where to begin. The feelings about one of the largest questions in life. Individuality. Who we are, what makes us US, AI and Sci-Fi all packed together in a fantastic detailed environment as an exploration and Horror-survival game. Not the least the story in this game is fantastic. I have waited a long time for a game like this, and at last Frictional games nailed it. I absolutely loved the playtrough of this game, and with the price-tag it comes with is also very good. I see some people are complaining about the ending, but as the Sci-Fi game it is, it was perfect. When truly finished I sat back in my chair and wtf? I need to start a new game to experience it all again.Much good entertainment for the money.  A must buy for everyone that loves sci-fi, story telling, exploration and the questions about the bigger stuff in life."
,Recommended,282140,18193221,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,jippalippa,"SOMA is one of the most intense experiences i ever had the pleasure of dipping into and it's undeniably s brave videogame; it boldly challenges the current market tendencies without the fear of crafting a product that won't be appreciated by the masses.It is a title that should be played by those who believe that videogames are not capable of conveing deep messages and that they should only be considered as mindless entertainment.The game showcases Frictional Games' growth as a developer, moving from the ""scary enemies"" induced fear, to a more refined horror experience, relying on feelings of oppression, hope, sadness, humanity, claustrophobia, loneliness, identity and decay, rather than simply exploiting dark alleys, scary monsters and cheap jump scares; this aspect of the game is what will make it less popular, but more worthy of the ""Masterpiece"" label.SOMA puts you inside a society in decay and on the brink of extinction, because of a natural disaster that forced the very few surviving people to live underwater.This aspect might feel close to the ""Vaults"" idea (made popular by the ""Fallout"" franchise), but where the Bethesda games deal with a feeling of ""rebirth"" (society starting from scratch after a catastrophe), in SOMA we see the humanity on its last days, and you can feel the depression of mankind knowing it can't save itself.I'm tempted to say more, but it would spoil the story; let's just say the whole narrative universe feels very well grounded and indeed real and connected (not to mention very engaging).SOMA is a game in which the environment and the enemies rarely pose a thread, but it still manages to be more stressful and horryfing (in a good way of course, considering it's a horror game) than such titles as ""Amnesia The Dark Descent"" or ""Penumbra"".The horror in this game is awakened by the player identifying as the protagonist, and what you'll imagine while playing can be scarier than what you'll actually see; It's a game which speaks to the player and scares him on a sub-concious level.Knowing that the world istelf and the story have the major roles inside the experience, the developers didn't have to rely so much on enemies, like in their previous games, so the encounters with them are pretty rare, but each foe has its own ""set-piece"" and really shines through as a character of the story, rather than a ""trash-mob"" to simply avoid.The rest of the gameplay really carries on what the previous Frictional games were made of, mostly physical puzzle-solving and exploration.The world is very well characterised and you'll genuinely care about the storie's progression, making each chapter a step closer to the ""grand finale"".The most amazing thing SOMA has going for itself, though, it's the ability to leave you with something after you have completed it.The game will make you think about life's meaning and significance, will make you question morality and what it means to be human; it will even make you go through sleepless nights thinking about what you just witnessed, and it will also make a very interesting conversation starter with friends who played the game as well.The graphics are surprisingly great for a game with this sort of budget and audience.There are not many fancy effects or shaders, but the levels are so original, well designed and detailed that you won't care about the not 4K textures and so on.The sound design is even better, adding an insane amount of atmosphere to the macabre depths of the ""Pathos 2"" underwater station (the setting of the game).I still think the game is a masterpiece, but of course it's not perfect; the main issue can be found in its difficulty.The few enemies you encounter are scary because of the design, but can sometimes be easy to exploit, and that might take a little away from the whole experience.You never feel like there's a terrible hidden menace lurking around that might catch you at any time (like in Alien Isolation, for example); you'll be relieved to know, though, that the game is jumps-cares free, which is always a good thing.That said, SOMA remains one of the best games i have ever played in my life, and one of the best narrative experience i have ever had the pleasure to dig into, considering every possible medium (books, films, comics, ecc...).It's a must buy for people who aren't afraid of dealing with somehow depressing themes and really want to see what a masterfully crafted environmental narrative experience can provide to the player.One of the most though-provoking games on the market."
,Recommended,282140,26855809,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,noize,"Great story, great art, and amazing scares. I've actually had to exit the game multiple times because I was too scared.Warning this game may also give you an existential crisis."
,Recommended,282140,20280289,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Optimus Rob,"""Ok just sit down and put the head gear on please, ok?""Me: ""Oh... ok""... LOADING...Me: ""Hello?....""""HELLO? what is going on?"" ""HELLO??"" ""WTF IS GOING ON?""OMFG ?%&?*((&?$$/$%%? ......."
,Recommended,282140,20923153,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mr.RoBoT,"The game is just so damn good!The horror ambient is amazing, the music fits it well, and the sounds are perfectly made.The game has a great concept, the story telling and the hard choices in this game puts you in deep thinking like what if this actually happened in the future and how would you feel about it...I just love it! I wish this game become a movie."
76561198032798407,Recommended,282140,24018839,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Panjawat,so dark deep in a ocean terrify horrible excited and great story told this should be a good horror game this year.
76561197961335054,Recommended,282140,21188382,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,uaedude,"dont play this game if u have heart problems or a pregenant gf watching.This is the scariest game ever made in the gaming industry, u need to finish some levels to experience this proper. i vouch my opinion on it + my bet to any1 who can play this game with headset or a surround in a dark room on full graphics , other then that , ull get the chills , but this game is high grade A level of sound + horror all in 1 comibination , focus and u will see that my review is ur review."
76561198007689763,Recommended,282140,27571973,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Poorbull,Best game ever
76561198082133339,Recommended,282140,21844962,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blackstar,"This game is one of the best games I have ever played. It is philosophical, dark, eerie, and emotional, and I loved every single second of it."
76561198035682875,Recommended,282140,21846140,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Orem,mindblowing experience
76561197977323417,Recommended,282140,33365341,Posted: 7 July,all,L3CT3R1982,"Wow, what an experience and story, a real mind♥♥♥♥.You think about it for a long time andthis only happens with really good games.An amazing game, it was worth every cent."
76561198076419523,Recommended,282140,26362198,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Big Al,One of the greatest horror games i've ever played!
76561197996750272,Recommended,282140,31366017,Posted: 25 April,all,Cyrus,"This game is one of the best i have ever played.The Sound design is excellent, it looks great, the Sci-Fi atmosphere is awesome.The game gets you to really think about what happens in it.And it is one of the most terrifying well done horror games i have played.If you like horror, sci-fi, underwater settings or if you want a few new ideas about what it means to be human:-- >BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,282140,21174916,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,James64bit,"SOMA really defines what it means to be human. It answers to those ""What if?"" questions we all have wondered at some point.Even though the story is amazing, the horror won't leave behind. I've always loved Frictional's games for the story, but the horror hasn't really gotten me much in the past games. SOMA is different. It really made me want to look behind corners and stay silent in the shadows.So please, corrupt ny mind data so I could play this again for the first time.From graphics to the perfect sound work, I'll give it 9/10. Absolutely worth your money, no matter how poor you are."
76561198058915646,Recommended,282140,33139850,Posted: 2 July,all,Lord Stoginator,Amazing game. Great story and immersive atmosphere. Really makes you think about your own existence.
,Recommended,282140,23848062,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RwYeAsNt,"Contender for best game I've ever played. Played on PS4 and had to purchase it again for PC when I saw it on sale.. take that as proof.A game that terrified me to a point that I didn't want to proceed, but the story in this game is so compelling and the writing so extraordinary that the minute I tried to put the game down, I couldn't. The drive in me to continue to unfold the narrative was stronger than my fear of progessing through the game which says something and immersed me unlike anything I've ever played.Finally completing it I am left in awe and I find myself questioning life itself and our existance and purpose as a species, This game is a masterpiece made by creative geniuses."
76561197989020946,Recommended,282140,23855152,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bishop,Just a great game.. A must have..
,Recommended,282140,23857839,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,theailer,"Very nice game.I can't really stop playing, I just need to know what happens next!There's a lot of stuff to cover in the game but the replay value might be non-existent story wise, but for exploring it could be of some use."
,Recommended,282140,23860182,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,seven_dc,"Perfect mix of Sci-fi, Atmospheric storytelling, Horror and Throwing stuff around. I heavily commend this game for Amnesia fans."
76561197983451369,Recommended,282140,23853389,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,muzll0dr,"I just don't know. I was really looking forward to this game, so I jumped on the Steam sale. Unfortunately... hmm. How do I I quantify this? SOMA is a brilliant story driven game with a fantastic, fully-realized world that is, sadly, thwarted by painfully tedious omniscient monster hide-and-seek. I've snuck literally to the opposite end of levels where I knew where monsters were currently at. Only to find that once I got to my destination, they would somehow use clairvoyance to ascertain that I had, ineed, left the area they were in, then would magically turn up in my new area and patrol back and forth the exact hall I needed to go down. It feels cheap when they know where you're going to go before you do. That, coupled with a couple maze-like levels has reduced me to just playing with the sound off and trial-and-erroring my way through levels. Still haven't finished the game. At this point I'm just wanted to finish the story and be done with it. But, if you like games where you spend as much time waiting for monsters to pass as you do progressing, this is fantastic. There are so many great things going on here, I wish they'd made the monster AI a bit more omniscient (and often omnipresent) and just let it be random. Oh well."
,Recommended,282140,24000282,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,OST23,One of the BEST games I've ever played!Well worth every penny even at full price.
,Recommended,282140,26963384,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shark B. Goode,"One of the most interesting story-driven horror games available, with all of the attention to detail and psychological trickery Frictional is great at.  The beautiful, disturbing sci-fi environment and ambience really brings it all together."
,Recommended,282140,24157514,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rosen Ritter,"Short: Overall, I enjoyed SOMA. I'm not running to go buy it a line of credit at Amsterdam's red light district, but it felt a good deal for the price. Everything below's a just-finished summary of criticisms rather than a balanced review, so take it at face value.Long:  Soma's a nice addition to a pretty sparse genre; it's not the genre-busting masterpiece you might've been waiting, a saviour to a neglected breed that Dead Space left pretty hard in the cold after 2.Interactions were clever, the responsiveness to player actions felt natural, the interactivity was rewarding, (Even if it did taper off nearer to the end, especially in black-box form.) and it was nice to read logs in the scant few moments some Gribbly didn't want to angrily choke me. The atmosphere in the beginning is excellent, the tension completley thrown askew into confusion and deep unease by the first meeting with a robot, and (accidentally) discovering you can read brains, and robots, somehow. Blessed be the Omnissiah. Gameplay wise; Throwing things to make distractions, console interaction, computer logs, all feel very much like it's sitting next to Alien Isolation's desk and taking more than a few notes, but it's not really something to hold against it, the real-time nature adds well to the tension in the same vein, and in return, Working Joes always gave me that Tuurngait vibe back from the Penumbra days.The issue kicks in when you present a rather clever idea, the irritable, often insane robots, absolutely hell bent convinced they're human, and throw it out the window so early in favour of Squidward Tentacles and his Motley Gribbly Crew who've been floating about since the Tuurngait; there's a lot of buildup and nervous hiding from an obscene VIRUS-like robotic monstrosity who doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about your pithy metal walls and only lets you down by not being Donald Sutherland, who then proceeds to completley disappear, followed by his equally disturbing mini-sub ilk not another chapter later. For how much the game kinda sells itself on them, it's really disappointing, summed up with their exile aroundthe DEEP MORAL CHOICE of 'Kill the little helpful robot who saved your life and let you keep going, or the one you've spent ten minutes creeping around rusty wreckage assuming he was like the last three, out to turn your spine into a buntline hitch and spouting insane ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like a robo-splicer'. It's betrayal or mercy kill, there's harder choices in picking cereal.Overall, it's a vague decline rather than a sheer cliff drop, and apart from a vague sense of disappointment from an underutilised gem of an idea,The bit with DUNBAT, while a jolt, felt more like a tease than anything elseThe ocean itself felt more like a plot device, or at worst, an annoyance. It never felt threatening in the slightest, which detracted a lot from the whole 'inescapability' of being trapped underwater or at risk of constant decompression. It just feels there occasionally, when the game reminds you you're not in space or on Deimos as much as it feels the same at times.Lastly, there's an ineffable, almost infuriating trend for sci-fi horror games to turn into Meat Circus funland at the halfway point that has mystified me to this day. To me, the whole point is a future gone wrong, where the high-tech familiar becomes hostile and unsafe, not walking through a Kebab shop dumpster for ten minutes, wondering where my hilariously unsafe workplaces and insufferably obstructive technology went. Sure, the Many pulled it off well, but it's not a contractual obligation. The most unnerving places in SOMA were precisely the ones that looked the most 'human', as broken and worn down as they were. Either way, it's just a nudge over £20, and that's not counting sales, I still definitely recommend giving it a runthrough yourself and make your own mind up, because it does render some of its ideas very brilliantly, if very briefly.Here's hoping Routine stays the course, whenever it's coming out."
,Recommended,282140,20016736,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Brendimo,"I played this game with my girlfriend as she watched we worked togther to solve the problems and when i was stuck she helped me out.  Its the first game we have ""Played togther"".  We had a fun time as she is better with horror themed things.  But any ways the game had a excellent gameplay and the story was brilliant.  It doesn't pack as much ""Horror"" as other games in this genre.  But the story line and game play make up for it.  As you played you were always looking around at the scenery and looking for more pieces to put togther for the storyline.  I truly did enjoy it and it deffenitly is a game you should grab."
76561197966272034,Recommended,282140,34783674,Posted: 6 September,all,LinK,This. Was. Amazing. Stop reading. Start buying. The questions this game digs up... are amazing
76561198136059136,Recommended,282140,22522291,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Blue Freddy Yum Yum,"I played Amnesia, Outlast and Dead Space so i'm used to this kind of game. For this review I will give the pros et cons and compare Soma to these games.Pros:- The story is great, even if the robot-intelligence theme is used a lot these days, I think Frictional Games used it very well in a new philosophic perspective.-The puzzles are nice... not too easy, not too hard, and you have a great feeling of accomplishment when you find out what to do and you can move on. I didn't have to look online to find out what to do.- Nice details in the informative aspects of the game (the pictures, notes and recording you find). It helps to create a good atmosphere and immersion.- The narration is excellent.- The atmosphere is great.- There are hard decisions to make and you have to think about it. I liked it.- There are a lot of times in the game where I had the feeling of being lost and vulnerable, but I always find out naturally where to go and never got stuck. Consequently, I think the game is well done for that.- The end is very good.Cons:- The length of the game. In my opinion, it is relatively ok for this type of game, in which there are stressfull moments and a deep story, but I understand it can be expensive at full price for a 11-13h game (I did it in 12.7 hours and I looked at everything possible). I will play it again someday and I will mod it of course.- The graphic are mostly good, but It seems like they didn't put the same effort on everything. Some objects are very well defined and others not.- The horror in the game is also mostly good, but it could have been better. It is not the main aspect of the game like it is for Amnesia. The story and atmosphere is way more important and it think it's ok like that.- I don't know if it's my computer of something, but the game lagged sometimes when I was switching a zone to another.Conclusion:I would give 8.7/10 to Soma. It is a great game and I don't regret my buy at all. To compare it to Amnesia, Outlast and Dead Space, I would say that each game has his main aspect and it's a question of taste.For a pure-horror game, Amnesia is still the best for me. The atmosphere and horror are so great, but the story is not very good.Outlast is also pure-horror, with better graphic, but I prefer the style of Ammesia. Outlast horror is hardcore... mostly chase and non-stop stressfull moments. It can be annoying sometimes.Dead Space is my least favorite of the 4 games. The gameplay is nice, the story is ok and the horror aspect is not strong compared to the others... and its EA...That's all I have to say.Soma has by far the best story, narration and details in everythings. It has also the best atmosphere with Amnesia, depending on the kind you prefer. Even if it will not revolutionize the genre like Amnesia did, it is the best game of the 4 in 2016 for sure."
,Recommended,282140,20328143,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,cheshire.panther,"If you like Amnesia, you would like it too.If you don't really like Amnesia, you would especially like it, because it is much less the game about monsters and jumpcares, and much more the game about the horror, isolation and uncertaincy.This is the only game aside from Undertale that completely blew my mind and exceeded my expectations in all possible way."
,Recommended,282140,18920667,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,[THEM] MENTOR,"If you're a fan of the deep sea, body horror, walking simulators with a decent story, good voice acting, and Amnesia: The Dark Descent, then you owe it to yourself to buy SOMA.It's a wonderful game with a great setting, spooky atmospheres, and some very unsettling questions about the permanence of consciousness when put in a digital medium.The only weakness in the game is that it suffers from Alien: Isolation Syndrome where you have this interesting world you want to explore, but can't at times because you're dodging enemies who were spooky initially but are now tiresome. In usual Amnesia fashion, you're unable to look at enemies and you can do nothing against them. Thankfully, enemy placement is pretty infrequent, so the game largely leaves you alone to explore the world at your own pace.SOMA is easily worth the MSRP of $30.00, so don't hesitate to buy it if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,282140,18195229,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,🅱️eter griffin from South P,"Amazing game. Came for the horror, stayed for the Philosophy."
,Recommended,282140,18199776,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,konakona,Nice game. Pretty DEEP experience.
,Recommended,282140,18430585,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Pilchardo,"A masterpiece of science fiction horrorI really can't describe how much I enjoyed playing SOMA. Every element is near perfect, from the stunningly realised world of Pathos 2 and the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean, to theincrediblesound design that physically wrenches you out of your seat and transports you into protagonist Simon's nightmare world, not to mention the flawless pacing that expertly intertwines periods of calm exploration and philosophical musing with breathless sequences of heart-stopping terror, building inexorably towards a magnificent crescendo.To reveal anything of the story would be to spoil it but suffice it to say I was utterly engrossed from start to finish and went to great pains to track down every last audio recording, email, call log and journal entry. I even tracked down all the hastily-written notes hidden away in drawers or pinned to notice boards in order to absorb every detail I could. And what exceptional detail there is to be found - by the end of the game I'd built up a mental timeline of everything that had happened at Pathos 2 over approximately an 18 month period, pieced together from the various snippets of information I'd found. Everything is consistent and believable and cements in place the feeling that this is a real facility and was only recently populated by dozens of people before something went very, very wrong.SOMA isn't as terrifying a proposition as developer Frictional's previous game, Amnesia, but that certainly isn't to say it's not frightening. The atmosphere is thick and foreboding, the clangs, creaks and groans of the facility around you menacing and, on more than one occasion, I became so spooked out I simply couldn’t continue. At these moments I would stare at the corridor or ladder I had to navigate next for full minutes, the deeply unsettling ambient sounds around me only serving to further increase the tension, before eventually admitting defeat and leaving the game altogether. Despite this, it’s clear a deliberate decision has been made to turn the horror down a notch, presumably to make the game accessible to a wider audience. This is a bold choice, given Frictional’s pedigree, but one that I applaud as it allows SOMA’s story to take centre stage and gives it room to breathe.With SOMA, Frictional have proved beyond doubt that they are masters of the horror genre and have demonstrated that they’re pretty well-versed in science fiction and story-telling as well. It’s not often that the many disparate parts of a computer game coalesce this coherently but somehow they’ve managed the impossible and have crafted the finest horror experience since Amnesia."
,Recommended,282140,24448930,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Coovargo,"The story, sound design, voice acting, environments, mechanics, puzzles make this game an incredible experience. Graphically and artistically the game is excellent, everything blends appropriately and nothing seems out of place. I would highly consider buying VR if this game supported it. It's easy to get lost (in an immersive sense) in the world. I even found myself feeling pity for the virtual characters, even if they weren't human.I've never had such an overwhelming desire to learn about what is around me as when I fell into Pathos-2. It will put you in situations to ask questions you never thought you would ask. Unexpectedly, you will learn more about yourself in this game. It forces you to see things from a perspective you can't experience any other way. Absolutely intense the entire way through. At times it will leave you asking it to stop, but you won't want to.The only thing I didn't like was the monster mechanics. They seemed to distract more from the atmosphere than they added. Overall, they don't ruin the game, but I feel like they may cause you to miss opportunities to learn things about the environment and world. They certainly give a dramatic sense of urgency at times.Spoiler:[ spoileri ] I wish I could have met the 'survivors' on the ark. I still had questions remaining. Oh well. [ /spoileri]"
,Recommended,282140,21424004,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Rush,1. Play SOMA.2. Get depressed.3. Go in therapy for depression.4. Play SOMA again.
,Recommended,282140,24431582,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ShertWut doggy,First 10 minutes: Ok this is goodNext 10 minutes: Ok wtf just happened:Next 10 minutes: Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥what was that noiseNext 6 hours: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥RUN ♥♥♥♥ WHATS THAT ♥♥♥♥ PRESS THAT AH ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ FUUUUUUUUUUCK HIDE RUN ♥♥♥♥ WHERE DO I GO WHATS GOING ON WHY ARE YOU ALL DIEING WHO ARE YOU WTF IS GOING ON WHAT IS LIFE.10/10 would scream again.
76561197970336456,Recommended,282140,33416400,Posted: 9 July,all,Flatus,"Very atmospheric story-driven game that makes you think a little bit about our conscious existence.Cons:- Monsters dont really fit the game or have very little purpose story-wise.Pros:- Incredibly atmospheric.- Not that many jumpscares.- Game doesn't spoon-feed the plot to you, but makes sure you dont feel left out if you dont comb through every single corner."
,Recommended,282140,31656363,Posted: 9 May,all,ｌｏｌａ,Probably the most thought-provoking game I've ever played. Decent horror game too.
,Recommended,282140,23259520,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Kleon333,A shocking revelation and dark atmosphere turn this into one of the best dystopian adventures you'll ever experience.
,Recommended,282140,34761560,Posted: 5 September,all,Coughx,"This game is quite fun and intruiging - the setting is unique and well though out. I do, however, think that the ""horror"" elements in this game are not very scary, and at times very tedious. The monsters aren't uninstersting in design per-say, but after about the first time you see them, they become nothing more than tedious obstacles in the way of the narrative.The monsters place in that narrative is not very strong either - unlike Amnesia, the monsters don't feel like a part of the core storyline - rather some sort of tacked on ""how-do-we-make-it-scary""  after thought. It is almost in antithesis to Amnesia, which felt lacking on the plot, but heavy on the monsters. Ultimatley, I think the narrative functions as a much scarier entity than the monsters, and the ending definitley left me more uneasy than any of the WAU's creations.The story and the enviornment that it is tied to, however, are very well done, and more than make up for small grievances with the antagonists."
76561198046676054,Recommended,282140,19440398,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Durpen,this is one of the greatest games of all time.
76561198060620005,Recommended,282140,18197179,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Depili,"12 hours of great stuff, gives you stuff to think about"
,Recommended,282140,29095748,Posted: 7 January,all,CaptainKeeli,"bought this game to get scared,left with feelsthe ending hit me hard10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18226667,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SNOW SOS,I didn't find this as scary compared to Amnesia but it was one hell of a sci-fi game. The game slowly builds up and the last 1/3 introduces some of the best environments and enemies. If you're a fan of dystopian games that asks what it means to be human check SOMA out.
,Recommended,282140,18228015,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,MagZu,Okay here is my review. [No Spoilers]I have to say Frictional games have done it again! they made another masterpiece but this time its EPIC!Atmosphere is top notch the story is very very very interesting and it just keeps you playing this game pretty much in one sit.When i started playing this game i could not take any breaks because of how exciting this game was and you wanna know more! exactly like how the penumbra series was except better and more modern.The Ending was really great i felt it answered all the questions i had.To me this game is a 10/10 if you havent played this game yet.. buy it and give it a shot! the price for something this good is cheaper than Vodka!  ;)
76561197976749583,Recommended,282140,18226657,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Saitama,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥m8
,Recommended,282140,18220365,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Finrandojin,"A very thought provoking game that deals with the fundamental issues of self-awareness, mind-body relationship and identity, while scaring the living daylights out of you."
76561197970758997,Recommended,282140,23245519,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Astrat,One of my all time favorite games. Top 3. Could be number 1. An excellent story with some depth. So very few games have this going for it. Worth my time to do a quick review.
,Recommended,282140,18224563,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,nick,"I'll start off by saying thatI do recommendthis game. It has a very interesting story and a game world which helps tell it. The games length is roughly 10 hours or more depending on how much you explore and listen to the games story. I assume it can be done faster but you'll be skipping a lot which defeats the purpose.The games pacing is pretty good but in some areas you get a bit confused on your sense of direction and sometimes it keeps certain scenes feeling like they're going on for an eternity. The atmosphere is amazing and you always feel like you're in the games world that they imagined - never feeling disconnected from that. As for the puzzles and objectives they require some brain work and you may even get stuck for some minutes when it was something silly like just putting in a plug.As for options the game has plenty which are more easily editable in the games config found in my documents\soma. It includes field of view, framerate uncapping, setting resolutions and so fourth. Mostly everything is boolean/integer values so it's easily adjustable for the average blue collar like ourselves (ha). The games performance is fair, the engine unfortunately didn't play as smooth for me as I'd like but that could be due to my aging hardware? I'm not sure but to put it in an easy to understand way basically 150 fps doesn't feel like 150 fps.The controls are fine, the mouse input is fine, and the game options are fine. This game lacks the survival aspect that amnesia had by not having you collect resources needed to keep your light running (or your sanity) which added difficulty. Also this game is a bit more forgiving when getting caught by the monsters which I wish it wasn't. Having to start far back after being taken out by a monster would add fear in that you don't want to lose progress.So I give the game a 8.5/10 total. It's a really great game but I just wish they had maybe one more year to really test it on various machines and polish it up some more. It ran good.. but I would of loved it more if it ran GREAT. It came packed with an editor and steam workshop support so I cannot wait for more custom content. I applaud their work and was happy to purchase this game. Frictional does great stuff and I'll continue to follow them as they develop more games or whatever it is they will do in the future."
,Not Recommended,282140,30983545,Posted: 6 April,all,Edgewalker,"This review has a low rating from the white knight circuit, but please don't let a low rating deter you from my review! It should be helpful even if you end up liking SOMA, because I discuss its virtues.Reviewing this game purely within the atmospheric genre,it would get an unqualified thumbs up, but in the world of gaming generally I found it a bit lacking.If you're looking for atmosphere, SOMA has it in spades. If you want the thrill of a creepy journey without having to solve puzzles or make any difficult choices, then you will enjoy SOMA. It does those things with style and grace.The underwater environment of most of the game is reminiscent of Bioshock, and has similar anxiety-inducing use of environmental sound and shadowy, unreliable lighting. Along with the entities you encounter (no spoilers), the game executes the feel of a survival horror that will leave your palms sweaty. I recommend playing alone in the dark, and use headphones if you don't have a killer sound system.You will find yourself wanting to explore every nook and cranny of SOMA's world.However, if you're hoping for meaningful player decisions, a coherent backstory, challenging gameplay, or a dynamic world, you will be disappointed on every point.Don't get me wrong: SOMA's atmosphere is superb, and the things you will encounter are seriously creepy. But I want more from a game thanjustatmosphere.SOMA has the same problem of many atmospheric games. It plays like a slow-motion movie, with the player having to do the grunt work of actually driving the story forward. It's like operating some kind of antique hand-powered film projector. The world is expressed in brilliant detail, but it is static. You leave it like you found it in pretty much every way. The game's railroad is so complete and nearly unbroken that the game virtually plays itself. The hardest thing to learn was that almost none of the objects in the environment are of any use, despite the ability to pick up and examine them closely. Your choices are limited to exploring room A or room B first, with no consequences either way. The things that could be hard decisions for the player are simply forced one way or the other.There are a few other things I could pick on of lesser consequence. Many of the voices in the game which usually provide crucial backstory or atmosphere are so distorted that my two friends and I couldn't understand the majority of it. Trying to replay the dialogue left us frustrated and disconnected us from the atmosphere and the narrative. There are subtitles that can be enabled to display words as they are spoken, so if having text appear on the screen doesn't affect your immersion, that is an option.Also, this game fails to reward you in any way with a backstory that makes sense or give you a sense that things are connected through a chain of causation. Without spoiling, it suffices to say that the major events of each segment of the game and backstory are never connected. I don't need a game to tie up every loose end, but that's not what I'm talking about. It's more like the game was a series of several spectulative concepts that didn't match, and they were hastily posed in a line. A treatment. An unrelated catastrophe. An unrelated project. An unrelated issue with people's personalities. An unrelated set of creatures. It simply doesn't hang together."
,Recommended,282140,18335416,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,mommy i just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants againwhat was it this time son?it was a robot!and that's how my mom gave me up for adoption for being a complete ♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,282140,26189018,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Blood_Skull_Boi84,"SOMA is a work of art from Frictional Games that offers beautiful level design, a captivating story and extremely scary enemies. This is how horror games should be. Not focusing on jumpscares as much and instead focusing on level design and lovable or hateable characters (on purpose).PROSAmazing level designSpooky enemiesBeautiful, feels-driven storyLovable main charactersWell thought out solutions to levelsA masterpiece in general.CONSAbysmal amount of lag on some partsSome enemies are too easy to avoidSometimes I had no idea what to do.There's an end to this gameWith this I'll give SOMA a 9.5/10"
76561197962466643,Recommended,282140,18433409,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,-=iTB=- jopie110,In my opinion one of the best linear single player games out there. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,282140,18392108,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jimmeh,"I could recommend this game just for the ending alone. Overall, it isn't as scary as Amnesia was. However, it beats Amnesia in pretty much every other way. The story, the audio, the graphics, they're all fantastic. Best game Fricitonal has made, probably the best game in it's genre."
76561198117069762,Recommended,282140,26585438,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Loc,"Great game, it touches important themes such as personal identity and the meaning of humanity in many ways, be it technological, phylosophical and biological.Absolutely loved how this important reflection was mixed with a twisted, dystopian future in a sci-fi horror adventure, which progressively hinted at those themes in a growing climax towards the end of the game.Very few times i got so scared of playing. And those views... really worth it.Also, i came across some rare, minor and forgettable bugs, that didn't affect the overall opinion on the game at all. I definitely suggest buying it to anyone, especially to sci-fi lovers."
,Recommended,282140,20068563,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,weedy,"this damn game, first it scares you. Then it makes you feel..On another note, It's a good horror, it will scare you like amnesia did!One of the best horrors out there in my opinionbuy it!11/10"
,Recommended,282140,26454806,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,スワッグマスター Panda,"I bought SOMA merely because it stuck out and was on sale. Now that I have played and beaten it I must say that it was well worth every dollar. This game is the equivalent to a well written book with a captivating story, a relateable protagonist and an ending that leaves you with nothing but satisfaction. The gameplay is highly immersive and unlike most other games as it does a good job at letting you figure things out yourself as compared to being extremely linear or holding the player's hand throughout. I recommend this to anyone looking for a game that offers a bit of a challenge, and a great story."
,Recommended,282140,20474453,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"If you like PewDiePie, don't buy this game. You will hate it.Have the PewDiePie fans all gone now? Good.SOMA could just as well be System Shock 3. Whatever Looking Glass studios has begun to cook up, now when they'd got a hold of the System Shock licence, SOMA has sure set the bar high for them.I haven't beaten the game yet, so I can't vouche for the ENTIRE game being great, but at least 60% of the game is superb. ...and it's so educational too. It's clear that a lot of intelligence went into this game.I almost regret buying this on sale, because this game deserves the full price.There are a few nitpicks, though:- People have been having trouble with lag spikes. This is most likely due to the game loading in textures mid-game instead of when loading the level.- I wish it was a bit harder. A difficulty setting would have been nice, to increase the senses of the enemies. I've played Alien: Isolation a lot, and I loved the difficulty in that game. (SOMA is equal to Alien: Isolation overall, though, because it's so thought out.)"
,Recommended,282140,23448163,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Shadowspaz,"SOMAis a fairly intelligent survival-horror game that relies on atmosphere and psychological impact to be frightening-There are no jump scares.ProsAmazing atmosphereVery unique concept (Which I will not mention, since a bit part of the intro scenes is the revealing of this information)Stimulates some deep questionsConsForced conversation, driving the expertly-crafted concepts into you via explicit (and clunky) narrativeMissing impact from certain scenes that could have been more emotional.Aside from the two listed, there is very little that takes away from the experience. The gameplay is pretty straightforward and the maps are linear, but there is enough exploration to find hidden nuggets of storytelling and enough dead-ends to become panic-inducing if you're too careless. Unfortunately, the intensity of the entire world follows a similar trend toAmnesia: The Dark Descent,where it starts to fall flat towards the very end.SOMAdefinitely handled it better, though, and I feel like this is an incredibly tricky thing to nail down anyway.Overall: 8/10I don't usually give a specific score (Or even a pro/con list), but this game had me very specifically conflicted in the mentioned areas. They absolutely don't take away from the overall atmosphere, and the themes are vastly unique in the world of video games, so my recommendation stands."
,Recommended,282140,18370601,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sciaenops Ocellatus,"Its a rarity in the horror game genre: one that doesnt appeal to the youtube lets play community with jumps and sp00ks to make folk scream and cry, and instead puts all the effort into the story and leaves the player with lots of philosophical questions to ponder over well into the night.  Very Isaac Asimovian/Philip K Dickian tale of what it means to be human, coupled with the most unique take on brain uploading I've ever seen.  A pinnacle of videogame storytelling achievement, if ever I've seen one.Not to say its not scary in a more traditional videogame way, though.  You know its a Frictional Games work when you hide in a corner for twenty minutes because you know theres a monster running around (even when there isnt one) and you really dont want it to catch you.  But I can't think of any jump scares.  Just tense scares.Also, great setting, great voice acting, great monster design, and great scott that ending made me want to cry.  and the after-credits sequence didnt help.But I think the best take-away is that this game feels like it was done for the love of cerebal scares and the setting and the story and etc and it doesnt feel like pewdiebait, and thats really saying something in this modern day and age."
,Recommended,282140,19472920,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,a plastic chair,"What a fantastic game. This game manifests all of my worst fears, and delivers an amazing horror experience all throughout the game. With a thought provoking, and gripping story, this game is a MUST PLAY. You will shriek, cry, clench your♥♥♥♥♥in fear, and contemplate life's biggest questions. Absolutely amazing, a solid 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,282140,18657654,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,The Nox™,"Soma is suspensful, thought provoking and atmospheric without having to resort to cheap scares. While the story is short, theres tons of replayability as other reviewers have commented already.Definitely worth picking up even if you only play through it once"
,Recommended,282140,24000607,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LanSeRocK,"So attractive!Graphs, atmoshpore is great.This game like a OUTLAST without only escape!Story ise better than multiplayers game so sci-fi.Are you human or robot? if you play this game , you will get answers.Great Game!"
,Recommended,282140,21067145,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Akaru,I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.
76561198045270812,Recommended,282140,18275070,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kakarot,"Having played through Amnesia i was not expecting much from SOMA. Iam big fan of Amnesia dont get me wrong but the story wasnt the greatest. Coming in with little expectations for SOMA i ended up being hugley surprised. With a nice little introduction the game sets a good pace for itself. But still leaves you and everything around you shrouded in mystery, Letting you imagine whats happening and whats going to happen around every corner only to change your ideas everytime you get the next part of the story. I dont want to give to much away if you cant tell. SOMA has beautiful graphics  and lots of interaction with the world around you. The atmosphere makes you peek around every corner before walking anywhere and had me turning around slowly alot but had the right amount of scares to keep you afraid but interested and keen to move on.I really enjoyed SOMA and highly recommend it to horror/story fans but even if your not a horror person SOMA is still worth checking out. (just run most of the monsters are slow)"
,Recommended,282140,18244237,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,RadPotato,"My lord... I don't know where to begin. I guess I'll start by saying that SOMA is everything and more of what I had hoped ""A Machine for Pigs"" would be. Though not as terrifying as other games by Frictional, the story is fascinating, the characters are deep and well-acted, and the monsters are pretty damn scary at times!SOMA is very heavy on story. Through video logs, digital pictures, emails, and pretty much any futuristic communication medium you learn the dark secrets of this frightening new environment you find yourself in. If that isn't enough to get you immersed, the main characters' emotions, dialogue, and actions directly reflected how I felt throughout the game... lost, alone, confused, and for a vast majority: afraid.If you are a fan of Frictional Games already.... this will be your wet dream. Literally. Because you're under water."
76561198067772446,Recommended,282140,18243201,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Casual Gamer,game will mess u upbravo
,Recommended,282140,18853213,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Tomiply,"SOMA both looks and sounds awesome. It's very atmospheric, and it also has an unique story that really makes you think. It's not like other horror games with cliché stories. Highly recommended for horror fans."
,Recommended,282140,18269126,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,theSHHAS,"This game is awesome!Definetly the best out of all the Frictional Games games that I have played.It has an amazing atmosphere and the monsters are very scary!Everything is scary!It makes you think about stuff and sometimes you make a choice without really thinking and right after it you fully realise what you just did and it hits you like a comet!One thing I don't like is that sometimes you get tired of a monster because of the way they move at some locations and it gets hard to find a way past them without YOLOing it.And the last thing is the most amazing!THE ENDING!It toys with you and make you feel and think about stuff and as you watch the credits roll, you don't even know what to say but you sit there in silence thinking and then it happens.Something you didn't expect but it makes it so much better.And when that is over, you think back to the pre-ending.and now you somehow get even more thoughtful.This game is amazing!And I just realised that I am extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at writing reviews and I seem to have tried to make it overly dramatic and emotional.Whatever, I'll post this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review anyways."
,Recommended,282140,18244224,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,suinicide,"Honestly my favorite game.  The horror from Amnesia returns and it will just flat out creep you out and make you feel bad for your decisions.  You never do the same thing twice, there's always some new twist or objective for you to fulfill.  And this is the only game where I've actually become attached to an inanimate object.  (you will be missed mr floaty robot dude, where ever you went)"
,Recommended,282140,18298584,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,katous,"if any of you loved the old Penumbra/Amnesia: The Dark Descent, System/BioShocks games, and moveis like Alien, The Abyss, or horror games at all?  Then you will love the new SOMA game, just finished it, so f&*king good!"
,Recommended,282140,19637474,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Parallax Abstraction,"The unabridged review with an audio reading can also be foundhere.My dislike of anything horror is well documented but it always makes for some interesting fundraising stretch goals for my yearly Extra Life campaigns. I like these because they not only help me raise more money, they force me to step outside my comfort zone which I think we all as gamers should do once in a while. In 2012, such a goal forced me to play through Frictional Games' last nightmare factory, Amnesia: The Dark Descent. It was terrifying without a doubt but I actually found the whole package lacking compared to many. SOMA, their latest effort, shifts from a Lovecraft-ian nightmare to a sci-fi one, with a high-minded story that asks many philosophical and moral questions about the nature of human consciousness, identity and what happens when those get thrown into unexpected states of flux. This story is what makes up for the fact that there isn't much actual game to be found.Frictional's horror formula is well worn. The core concepts are that you can't fight enemies, you can only run and hide from them, staring at them for too long inhibits your character's abilities and you can interact with many objects in the environment, though only a few are critical. They've stuck to this method for every game they've made and while it's admirable for how unconventional it is compared to mainstream titles, it's also getting old. It made more sense in Amnesia: The Dark Descent than it does in SOMA, where it really feels like they shoehorned these mechanics in because they already had tech for them and didn't know how to mix things up. It's not that they don't work, it's just that it feels very familiar and some more variety would have been nice. Suffice is to say, if you've played Frictional titles before, you'll know how everything works going in.Even with these mechanics, there isn't a lot in the way of what is traditionally considered game play in SOMA. Really, it fits more closely in with what has been become known as the narrative exploration genre, often referred to by its detractors as ""walking simulators."" Experiencing the world and the story is the first and foremost priority of this genre and while there may be mechanics, they're often few and limited. The two biggest draws for me in games are mechanics and immersive worlds so this type of game can definitely appeal to me but very few do. I've slammed on walking simulators before and had many passionate arguments about them. I'm not one of those people who will say they aren't games, I believe they are. However, I have very high standards for them because to me, making one is saying they you believe your story and writing to be so incredible that they don't need good mechanics to back them up. Most of the big name exploration games have simply not been able to live up to this in my opinion and I think many of the critical darlings were so not because of the games themselves but because of who was making them and the subjects they often ham-fistedly tackled.SOMA is one of the few narrative exploration games I've played where there story and delivery of it backed up the fact that you don't actually do very much besides move from place to place, avoid the occasional enemy and solve the occasional basic puzzle. I hated Gone Home because it's story was cliché, solitary, linear, hurried and so predictable, you know the core of it very quickly after you started playing. Even if you're thorough, Gone Home can be beaten in less than 2 hours. SOMA takes at least 8, not because it's padded--though it is a bit in places--but because it takes its time.You're thrown many twists and curve balls that will keep you guessing and surprised right up until past the credits but there are also long periods where it lets the pressure off and encourages you to take in the environment or to get some discussion based exposition with other characters. They give you a lot to think about and it's clear the designers wanted you to have the time to think while you played, not just after you've stopped. There are several points where you're presented with a choice to make and while these unfortunately have no impact on how things turn out in the end, they also feel like they weren't put there for that purpose but to actually make you question your own moral compass before and after you made them. They exist not to service game play but just to make you think. For me, few games can pull this off the way SOMA did. There were several times I thought I know what the story was about and where it was going and every time, I was completely wrong. It's an achievement that SOMA was able to continually pull this off for over 8 hours, even if at the end, there are a couple of sub plots that begin and end quickly and aren't fully explained.Of course, a good story heavy game needs a fantastic environment to tell it in and SOMA delivers here as well. Things are dark, cold and depressing but in that metallic sci-fi way that I find more interesting than endless stone corridors like in Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Not having to rely on historical designs allowed Frictional to be more creative with their uses of colour and materials. The world of SOMA is a depressing one to be sure--especially as you start to learn what's happening outside of it--but it also has a vibrancy and variety that made it much more interesting for me. It's not a nice place to be but it's a very interesting place to be. This is complemented by generally very good voice acting. I would say the main protagonist is the weakest of the lot but not by much.From a technical end, SOMA is pretty good but has some issues. Frictional Games uses their own engine and it's not super well optimised. While it looks very nice for an indie title, it doesn't look AAA, yet ran like it was, often having a hard time maintaining 60 frames per second on my PC which is miles above the recommended specs. In their latest engine, they did manage to remove Amnesia's many loading screens but SOMA stutters badly when caching in a new level. I also had to restart the game because after a while, the frame rate plummeted and didn't recover. To be fair, I did play the entire thing in one session so that issue probably won't affect many. Still, I have AAA games on my system that look better and run better.I made SOMA my Extra Life 2015 stretch goal expecting it to be another terrifying horror game in a sci-fi setting. What I got was only occasionally terrifying but also the kind of deep, thoughtful, high-minded story you don't see in almost any mainstream games and which many indie games try and usually fail to realise. SOMA made me really sit back and think in a way only a handful of games ever have and I continued to for days after I finished it. The experience will stick with me for a long time and for much as I love this medium, I can't say that about many titles.If you're looking for deep, dark storytelling and immersion, don't get hung up on SOMA's horror pretensions and give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised and you might be too. I can certainly say that I won't be immediately writing off future Frictional Games titles just because they're marketed as horror. That's something I never thought I'd say."
,Recommended,282140,20058252,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WesWilson,"There are few games that are able to strike an intellectual chord with me.  It's so hard to confront sincere eternal concepts in a playable environment without leaving it all feeling very silly or trite.  I found SOMA to be an exceptional experience.  Between the immersion of the environment, the nature of the central themes, the intensitity of the scares, and the sincerity of the presentation, this will remain one of my favorite gaming experiences for the forseeable future.  This is not a game for everyone, but if it hits you, you'll know the developers are pulling no punches... and you'll be glad they didn't."
,Recommended,282140,21469892,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Scindo,"I love this game. This is honestly my favorite Frictional Games creation. Though its a horror game, the story is so immersive and detailed that you'll feel a deep range of emotions including (but not limited to: Happy, sad, excited, forlorn, and of course terrified.The game has many different monsters (compared to the Amnesia games which only had around 3 each) and showcases them all pretty equally instead of just focusing on one kind of baddie.Although the decisions you make during the game ultimately will not change the ending, the choices you are given inspire thought and can be pretty tough.This is really a unique title, and although it may not exactly have ""replay value"" it's an incredible experience and a journey I will never forget."
,Recommended,282140,20379280,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Iplo,"Very good horror scare type of game. Very similiar to Alien isolation. Also got a bit of an dead spacey vibe from this.  Environments are good and it has a good atmosphere. Story is also nice. No shooting though, so if you're looking for a shooter this might not be for you. Also a bit shorter lenght to this game. I went through it in just about 12 hours."
,Recommended,282140,19767954,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Subject Infinite,"SOMA... where to begin.I've been meaning to review this game (and some other games) for quite some time now, but the pressures of doing my Research Masters have made this to be quite the impossible task. I like to put some thought into my reviews and a game like SOMA deserved some more time for me to... gather my thoughts.And for good reason. I was merely a few minutes into the game and I could tell I was going to at the very leasy enjoy the experience of SOMA, it looked intelligent, seemed to be touching on neuroscientific ideas very early on. What I didn't anticipate was just how much I would enjoy this game.I'll cut to the chase and proclaim SOMA with little doubt (though there is some; Life is Strange was stellar too), my GOTY. I'm usually hesitant to say things like this nowadays as I enjoy different games for different reasons, and it's not usually fair to do like for like comparisons of games like, say, Invisible Inc. and Life is Strange.SOMA is intensely thought provoking, philosophical and damn well terrifying. Not the scariest horror game I've played, but it's pretty damn high up. I'd say Alien: Isolation holds that crown, but SOMA is well executed horror. It builds up the feeling of horror through atmospheric tension, small changes in your environment, sounds. No reliance of cheap jump jump scares to generate horror. Smartly done, draws you in, retains immersion. Almost a perfect recipe, in my opinion, for horror.Something that really stood out for me was the atmosphere - the ambience. SOMA is set deep under the Atlantic Ocean (would you kindly?) in a decaying scientific research facility. There is great scope to utilise darkness, and the sounds of the ocean to really help immerse you in the story. SOMA does all this and more. What I love is in the decaying, abandoned corridors of rooms and ships, you can catch glimpses of the facility and the world around you, through audio logs, televisions, ship recordings. It's essentially stuff that's just THERE, but it adds so much to the experience.The dialogue that goes on is great. Another strong point. The discussions that go on between you and Catherine are intensely thought provoking. SOMA explore themes regarding life, death, sentience, consciousness, morality, and the very idea of self. And SOMA does it in such an organic way - it's an integral part of the game and it's story and it all comes together, in my own opinion, almost perfectly. As a budding neuroscientist, these ideas especially spoke to me and I was drawn in.The gameplay is nothing too complex. There's no combat, much like predecessor Amnesia: The Dark Descent, there's no fighting - only hiding and clever navigation. So use the darkness as cover, hide when you can, don't make noise. All good stuff. The design of the various beings you meet is especially intriguing, particularly as a research interest of mine is organic-inorganic interfaces. From an artistic point if view, I felt these ideas were highly imaginative and pretty original. I feel these artistic choices were key components of the horror aspect of the game.Also furthering the strong points of horror and game design was that, much like Alien: Isolation, it doesn't hold your hand. There aren't way markers - you gotta figure out your way round yourself, by finding maps or deducing from instructions - even if it's pitch black and some unholy beast is stalking you.Graphically, SOMA is pretty good. In terms of technical ultra realism, It's not amazing, but at the very least, it's certainly a good looking game. What I would expect from an Indie studio that doesn't have millions to throw at the most advanced graphical engine. I've touched on this already, but the artistic design is very good. I'm a sucker for futuristic/sci fi stuff so I may well be biased. For the most part, many things actually don't look too futuristic or far out, in terms of your environment - it's almost familiar - but when you start meeting other... say, inhabitants, these ideas of sci-fi/futurism become more apparent.All of these things tie together to make the storytelling of SOMA one of the best I've come across. The characters, the dialogue, the themes, the overall story, the environment. I don't have enough praise for SOMA. It's not a perfect game, of course - there was the odd graphical glitch and on occasion the AI would react weirdly and I wished the game was a little longer, but all in all it's so damn good."
,Recommended,282140,26411352,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Незнакоме,"This game is a masterpiece.It's a must play, the immersion is beyond the level of any other game. The story is above majority of movies, games, and novels. It's that damn good.Just play it, even if you dont like horror."
,Recommended,282140,26541619,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Eteanor,This is truly one of the best games I've ever played. Don't even hesitate to buy this masterpiece. It's a breathtaking journey you have to take.
,Recommended,282140,21198312,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Flebsy,An incredible game with a truly amazing and memorable narrative
,Recommended,282140,18288870,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Keno the Rat,"Frictional have outdone themselves. If you like exploration, tension/horror, and a great story, SOMA is for you. I can't recommend this game enough. Easily the best title I've played in years, probably the best story I've experienced in a game ever. Fantastic. Pick it up, play it, tell your friends about it. Can't wait for Frictional's next title."
,Recommended,282140,18666487,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Undead2k,"Just finished the game and thoroughly enjoyed it.I didn't think it was a scary game though to be honest, but each to their own! It had it's fair share of tense moments and creepy parts but not scary, though it was a million times better than Amnesia in a lot of different ways.The biggest improvement for me was the lack of repetition and predictable game\level design. SOMA would keep every challenge different, as well as the approach to solve them. I won't go into details because it would spoil it. However I saw Amnesia 1\2 and a few other horror games as being boring because they would often use the same tricks over and over again, making it predictable, repetitive and not scary.The story was very well crafted and nicely paced with some interesting characters. The main two characters are excellently voiced and have some interesting moments together.I felt there was a lot more they could have done with the game though. It gives you choices which don't seem to have any meaningful impact later in the game. Which is sad. It gives you the illusion the story could fork at different points but I saw nothing later that would suggest it did."
,Recommended,282140,18202414,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Squid-Box,"Good story and nice (oppressive) atmosphere. The game is fairly short (9-ish hours for me), but it's a good match with the story.A lot of crashes and bugs where the AI seems to get stuck in odd places did take a lot of immersion out of the game, but not enough to give it a bad review. Some sneak-past-the-AI parts could be better, but overall it's a good horror/exploration game."
,Recommended,282140,18180571,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,🎃 Feybulous,"I really appreciate things that challenge your opinions and views on anything; I really appreciate this game.As a horror and 'Amnesia' fan, I was hyped for this game for a few years after seeing their first teasers. I wasn't let down all through my playtime.I took my time reading and exploring everything, learning how the monsters worked and generally losing myself in this mind-bending sci-fi horror masterpiece.I genuinely enjoyed this game and can't wait to play again one day :)"
,Recommended,282140,18180916,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Timendo,"Now, I'm not a big fan of spending money on video games, but I respected Frictional Games after playing Amnesia, and since it was 30$ I bought this.I have to say, this is one of the MOST impressive games recently. The story is phenomenal, makes you really think about life, and the entire story, it makes you really WANT to learn everything that happened, and it doesn't hold your hand, while it may be straightforward, you have to use your own judgement to move forward. Idk if the choices I made are ""Choices"" in fact, but I felt like I actually made a moral choice that could have shaped the game.This is one of few games I have ever written a review about, if you liked Amnesia, and love a good story, buy this game."
76561197965237846,Recommended,282140,18240449,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,NogToast,"Just a quick review to give this a thumbs up, and mention that if you enjoyed any of the System Shock games, then this warrants your attention.  Only about two hours in so far, but great production values, voice acting, set-pieces/level-design, effects, and some nice thrilling and suspenseful moments to boot!"
,Recommended,282140,18241511,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,"Ave, True to Caesar","Great atmosphere, story, and themes, the narrative is something new I've never experienced it"
76561198035638433,Recommended,282140,21167292,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bonesaw the GAme Kid,Epic Adventure and Story.Its a buy11/9 would ocean again
,Recommended,282140,22466162,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mordamir,"As a longtime fan of Frictional Games, I knew what to expect when I bought SOMA, and I'm happy (I guess) to say that I got what I expected but, if I'm honest, this time around I didn't care so much for the endless crouching behind cover and not looking at the creatures that always seem to know more or less where you are. This was creepy in Penumbra, and I'm pretty confident that the stress of all those hours playing Amnesia:TDD resulted in some amount of long-term psychological damage. However, the monsters in SOMA aren't very scary and, on top of that, they feel overused and almost unnecessary. I found myself hurrying recklessly through the hide-and-seek parts of the game just so I could continue with the main story, which is really the great thing about SOMA.One quick way to explain SOMA is 'Bioshock meets Amnesia:The Dark Descent'. Except that Rapture has been overrun by technodemons and looks like a hellscape straight out of Harlan Ellison's 'I have no mouth and I must scream'. As the protagonist, you are confronted with questions of existential horror at every turn: Who are you? Your conscience? What is the physical meaning of conscience? I can't get into any further detail without spoiling the story but, in my opinion, this is exactly the juicy bit of SOMA. It helps that the writing and voice acting were done competently, so the characters feel real, and their reactions genuine and believable. When horrible things happen to them, you feel it. And as the credits rolled at the end, I was overcome with the discomfort of being repeatedly made to think about stuff that most people just routinely flip under their mental carpets. Time, humanity, death, the self. It's all there, and it's a blow to the back of the skull. But if you enjoy having your brain tickled that way, SOMA is definitely for you."
76561198031448977,Recommended,282140,28021363,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,beyonder2k9,"Soma: A Jilted lover that leaves you coming back for more.I don't write game reviews. Who has time? Then suddenly, there is Soma.While looking around on Steam, I happened to come across this sleeper. Looking at the trailers and pics of the game, I was taken by the sharp graphics...and that was about it.  I had a general idea of what the game play would be so, I did what we all do, throw it on the wishlist and think about it later. Four months later, to be percise, it goes on sale and, after a 10 plus gig download(it took me two days), boom I own it.I urge you to read both points.The bad points first:Game was too short. I completed it in 12 hours.  For ten gigs, this should of been at least 20 hours.Possibility of getting stuck(unable to move) in some spots. I never got stuck but I can see where some spots can.Very minor texture glitches. You have to look very hard to find them.More puzzles/interaction. Most of the story you are along for the ride.Good points:Incredible once in a lifetime story:I have played a lot of games, but this by far I was the most immersed in. I felt vest in the characters and some of the choices I had to make pulled at my heart as well as my morality. It made my question what it means to be human. It made me feel sad, desperate, happy, determined, angry, and scared out of my mind. This game will frighten you and more than a dozen times I had an ""Oh s**t or holy f**K"" moment. If you like being frightened, then this is better than any horror movie you could watch.Spectacular graphics:In some games, there are parts which are graphically beautiful. The whole game was like that. Detailsand logical, reasoned design made me feel that I was there, at the bottom of the sea. I was there.Wanting:While playing, I kept wanting more. Never sated. I needed to see what the next area brought, what more story I would encounter, how it all ends. Metaphorically, I felt this game was like a lover. Warm in it's embrace, secure in it's presence and happy, whatever happened. Then the end and feeling, jilted(it's the only way to describe it) because my lover left me.I played a lot of games, and Soma isn't a game at all. It's an experience."
76561197985286582,Recommended,282140,28986758,Posted: 3 January,all,JuanSen TapSen,"Knowing Frictional’s past series (Penumbra and Amnesia, which I highly recommend checking if you’re into this genre) and always wondering how such a small team can put so much value into their games, I knew from the start that SOMA would exceed my expectations. And so it did without a doubt!Starting with the atmosphere, I can easily say that the developer did a great job in creating a legit, ‘realistic’ setting filled with few, but believable, characters that drive the remarkably intriguing story. The environment is extremely detailed and well-though, filled with notes, audio logs and other objects, which really adds to the immersion. The underwater sections are, simply put, astonishing – approaching different sections of Pathos-II from the outside, the facility in which the game takes place, felt almost real from the outside. The story presents a really though-provoking concept, does a great job at it and manages to keep you interested throughout the whole game – I wish more games would approach such subjects. Combined with the horror aspects of the game, you never really feel comfortable, on the one hand because of the infested environments and on the other hand because of the tense encounters that you get into from time to time, which can become repetitive later on.However, one thing I must point out and that is the sound design. It’s just so immersive – I would really like to see a version of SOMA made for Virtual Reality. That would be a hell of a ride for sure! The amount of depth and spatiality that each sound has is incredible and I personally haven’t seen a game that manages to do so well regarding sound, which, in my point of view, is a must, especially for horror games. It has that real-life authenticity which can be easily heard when the protagonist speaks, when there is a monster in a room nearby or when crawling through vents and things happen anywhere near you. (There’s an article the developers wrote regarding the audio, so you should definitely check it out if you’re curious!)Performance-wise, the game ran pretty good, with generally constant frame rates. However, there were some hiccups here and there, usually when loading a new map and when going inside (from the underwater parts) and the textures could’ve been a bit better for a 2015 game, but there’s nothing game-breaking to worry about.It’s kind of sad to see such high value games being made by teams as small as Frictional’s and not getting the recognition that they deserve, sometimes being ever better than some AAA games out there. I definitely recommend this title for horror/story-driven games enthusiasts and I’m really looking forward to seeing what the developers have to offer next."
,Recommended,282140,28229619,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SlateHillZERO,"Bottom Line Up Front:SOMA is an excellent game with a story that will leave you pondering your idea of self.  It is absolutely worth playing, though be aware that it only has ~10 hours of gameplay.97/100Gameplay:SOMA has roughly 10 hours of gameplay which seems to go by faster than that.  You'll finish the game wishing that there was more.  Maybe there will be content to come in the future, but for now, SOMA is lacking in replay value.  That being said, those 10 hours are absolutely fantastic and you will spend plenty of time after it is all over thinking about it and its ending.SOMA's controls are very intuitive and require little or no learning, a plus in my opinion.It is based on puzzle solving and some exploration.  The puzzles aren't too difficult, you may just find yourself looking around for a while.Graphics and Audio:The graphics are very good, and if you're into the sci-fi aspect of this game, you're really going to enjoy it.  The audio really stands out though.  Everything sounds so good, I mean...wow.  The audio makes the game; everything from monsters screaming at you, to airlocks filling with water, to when you walk into that little waste basket on the floor, everything is excellent.Story:This is why you play SOMA.  This game will blow your mind with its story.  Play it.Monsters / Horror:SOMA is not the scariest game out there.  If you're a hardcore horror junkie (which I am not), this game may leave something to be desired.  The atmosphere is often creepy and you're going to be chased by quite a few screaming monsters in very dark places, SOMA even has a few jumpscares for you, all of which may put you on the edge of your seat, even raise your anxiety levels, but you won't be clutching your flashlight after you turn off your lights.Overall, you need to play this game.  It is a bright beacon of hope in the realm of video game single player experiences and stories.  Two very enthusiastic thumbs up."
,Recommended,282140,29155379,Posted: 9 January,all,ign8,"What an amazing experience!A great story thetmakes you think about identity, the meaning of life, human achievements, the survival instinct and so much more.The gameplay is straightforward but I never felt ""babysitted"": The next step was always clear - without any on-screen markers or hints.10 of 10"
,Recommended,282140,28767473,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Soapie_dog,"Great story line, wouldn't expect anything less from the makers of Amnesia. It has a slow burn of horror that eats away at you the farther you get into the game. Excellent."
76561197996381121,Recommended,282140,22242668,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,russellfs,"Soma is excellent. It could have been a novella or a movie. The story elements and characters are that strong. Particularly the main two. Good writing is still vanishingly rare in games, let alone hard sci-fi concepts. I hope to see more like this!You could call it a walking sim but I would not. It seems possible to die and is much more. Give it a chance. No regrets!"
76561197967089180,Recommended,282140,24499393,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SpaceDok,"What a great game!!!I was completely sucked into the story from the beginning to the end and makes me still think about life and decisions you (have to) make.The atmosphere is very overwhelming, often scary creepy but also nice & beautiful.I'm going to check out other games from these makers because they're really good!"
,Recommended,282140,31293226,Posted: 22 April,all,Adachibaby,"After completing this I felt obliged to write a positive review, the short answer - buy it!, the longer answer...This isn't the longest game, nor the most scary, or even challenging, however the story does a fantastic job of setting the pace throughout and the elements of sci-fi and horror mixed together create an atmosphere which invests you at every opportunity.  The thought provoking setting and moral decisions presented add to this, even when you're starting the get tired of the same corridors and barancles, you always want to push through to see what's next.I think this game has confirmed my terror of the deep sea, and it really does play on the unknown to achieve this.Most of the game is based around atmospheric exploration, with the occasional encounter that requires you to sneak or run away from, which in my opinion is done so much better than Amensia/Penumbra.Go buy it, get invested, contemplate existence, have a good time."
76561198052898986,Recommended,282140,18170706,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Angerfist,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! Love that you are able to move almost everything in this game! the Story is also pretty cool, it is a game you have to use your mind in, not everything is how it looks!I would recommend this game if you like survival games with a little horror twist in it!"
76561198045452858,Recommended,282140,31215258,Posted: 18 April,all,TriTTon,What an Horror game experience.Since the start i was hooked with the Story and what happen in this world and it keep got me deeper into it and it was amazing. And besides this amazing story i wanted to mention the athmosphere and the sounds alone in the game are just astouning.And allso the EndingThe moment the cutscene rolled in....i feeld empty and sad for Simon knowing the fact that he's gonna be alone in the Abyss got me thinking while the credits were rolling thorugh....but once the credits stop and i heard background noice i was like...wait is it gonna to continue...ohh noo u didnt...and than the real ending happends.At the end i recommend this game 10/10Get it and have fun
,Recommended,282140,19347816,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Raynate2022,"It was less of a horror game in the sense that you are always scared and jumpy, and more that it puts in your mind the horrors of living on as something less than human while retaining your human consiousness.You play as Simon, just a normal guy who gets catapulted into a place he has no place being, and put into a role he cannot begin to fill without help. From the moment you start walking around Omicron you are reminded that things aren't what they should be.I had an amazing time with this game as the visuals are stunning. The movement is fluid and the sounds are terrifying. The enemies are easy enough to get around with enough patience. What really makes this game the amazing peice of work that it is, is what it does to you emotionally. I won't spoil anything here, but making you rethink what it means to be human is one hell of a thought after playing this. 15/10"
76561198059163958,Recommended,282140,18317291,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,IWannaDie,10\10 would have existential crisis again
76561197985137138,Recommended,282140,18411170,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Gingerbread Man,"Freaky, original, involving story, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,282140,18257709,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"SOMA... a modern feel of what Amnesia was all about. In fact, Frictional Games took SOMA a big step further and challenge your thoughts and even your sanity at times, towards the big revelation of what are you and what do you do once all you knew is gone.SOMA is an exploration game, albeit some places are hard to explore since you can get chased down in some different section of the undersea PATHOS II base but you get the point!You are Simon, waking up in the PATHOS II undersea base and, once you get your bearing and trying to figure out what is going on, you go on an important mission to save yourself from constant threats around many corners. I don't want to say too more and I want you, the gamer, to experience this game without reading too much about this game. Experience it yourself, at your own pace and process everything the game shows you till the very end.The visuals, atmosphere, voice acting... all superb! The undersea floor is amazing. It's bringing the good vibes of BioShock when you were walking on the ocean floor.The pacing can be tedious at some parts and once an enemy as seen you, you get a hard time evading it.PROS:+Engaging story that keep you guessing until the very end.+Solid voice acting.+Music and sound adds to the dread of SOMA. Put some killer headphones and you're set! Don't forget to play in the dark too!+The atmosphere keeps you on your toes for the grand majority of the game.CONS:-Tedious enemies once encountered.-Pacing can be off at times while when you are trying to figure out what to do and where to go.-No worthy exploration besides just going from where you are told. While the Ocean floor is very well done, don't scatter too far since it is pointless. I'd say there is long distances between areas in the ocean floor so just run and you'll save time!OVERALL:This game is... wow. This game is amazing. I really hope we get to see more of SOMA since I was drawn to keep going until I see the big picture of ""what the hell is going on here"".RECOMMENDATION:Absolutely! Best game of Frictional Games to date and they keep getting better and better. If you loved Amnesia: The Dark Descent, you'll feel at home here! SOMA is as creepy as Amnesia except in a sci-fi setting. I hope this new IP expand so we could experience more of the new world these developers made for us.There is a live-action fan made web series that I'm recommending highly as well.Here's the link of the First Episode:SOMA Live-Action Video Series ~ Transmission #1RATING:9.0 / 10PS: The only spoiler I'll give was somewhat, a disappointment to me. It is the pre-alpha footage that was shown back in early 2013 and it featured a creepier tone. Sadly, the footage is NOT part of the game. Still, the game is fantastic and maybe this ""removed parts"" could be restored later via a DLC or in a sequel... who knows!So here's the footage:SOMA - Debut Gameplay Trailer"
76561198191581949,Recommended,282140,31271173,Posted: 21 April,all,neuman,"I am almost 64 years old  - and I can say this game is one of the best if not THE best I have ever played.... The story and ideas behind it, the one in a million Graphics, the mart nut easy enough puzzles - just was superb fun from start to finish.A HUGE kudos the the team of SOMA - you have done a great job indeed....Only down turn is.... I will hav to wait to your next one....."
,Recommended,282140,18268690,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dr Bob,"Soma is a deep, intriguing atmospheric horror game from the developers of the survival horrors Penumbra and Amnesia.The game tackles a variety of themes, ranging from isolation, suicide, relationships and what it means to be human.It’s interesting how everything comes together by the end of the game. I felt that there was a bit of a slow start and I wasn’t really feeling that scared until a few hours in. I think you’ll appreciate the pacing of the game as you continue playing through it.There were times where I felt genuinely uncomfortable performing certain actions. You will discover these as you play through the game.One thing to note is that this game lacks the typical ‘survival’ elements of horror games, so no health bar, inventory management, delectable resources etc. I think this works in the game’s favour though, because it helps keep things flowing in the more narrative-driven style of play.Recommended."
,Recommended,282140,18272098,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,emmanuelh320,What an incredible game and experience.  I rarely finish the games in my library and have never written a review on any of them.  This will keep you drawn until the very end.
,Recommended,282140,18272962,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Osiris,"I don't like survival horror games, but got this based on the positive consensus. Absolutely loved it. If there are other horror games like this, I want to know about them.Gameplay = 9/10; it felt like a mixture of Half-Life 2 and Bioshock, with good puzzles and incredibly tense stealth scenarios. No hand-holding. Very rarely did I get frustrated or confused. Very often did I get scared and excited.Graphics = 8/10; a combination of really impressive locales with some relatively poor human graphics. The detail in the locations were usually great but often repetitive.Story = 10/10; took a strong premise and fully committed to the story and characters. The voice acting was effective and consistent, probably some of the best I've ever heard in a video game. While the progression was linear, the world felt fully realized through all the minor details. Most importantly, the story never felt like a series of manufactured ""choices""; nothing was done for shock factor. It actually had a story to tell and let the player feel each consequence for his or herself.Only Con: consistent game crashing bugs which forced me to search online for solutions and led me to some minor spoilers."
76561198032089658,Recommended,282140,18473468,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Warbar,"absolutely loved this game!Pro's -absolutely amazing story arc that will have you confused and intrigued from beggining to end and hopefully give you some insight to consciousness and how open to interpretation it may be.atmospheric, looks beautiful and truly terrifying through certain points, i actually screamed like a girl, and im not even ashamed to admit that.Cons -AI seemed a little tardy.seriously thats all the cons i can think of.this write up doesnt do the game justice, seriously buy it, play it, then try and write your own review out of awe :P9/10"
76561198106411135,Recommended,282140,18473601,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Seamon,WOW what a game! Loved it loved it loved it.A first rate science fiction story told though clever gameplay and fascinating settings. The puzzles never feel like they don't fit into the story and you are gently led from moment to the next. Don't be fooled though; it can be bloody scary. The eerie settings and unnerving sound design making sure you never truly relax. There aren't many monsters in the game but each one is unique and thoroughly alien.
,Recommended,282140,19417184,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SomethingNeu,"QUICK SUMMARYStarting off, I want to say that this game has been added to my list of top games I've ever played. Yes, it is flawed, but overall it's an amazing game that is worth playing.The GoodAtmosphereMoral ChoicesStoryThe BadAmnesia monsters feel unnecessaryProtagonist voice acting falls a bit flatSPOLIER FREE THOUGHTSThe game is set up as the normal Amnesia game is. Protagonist wakes up in a strange environment and is forced to press forward to discover more about his environment and himself. This is an average set up, but from there the game diverges into new territory and touches on topics and subjects that are horrifying in their implications.If you go into this expecting the usual Amnesia horror gameplay, you'll get exactly that. The thing is, that's not the draw here. The usual sneaking around avoiding monsters feels a bit out of place in the overall theme of the story. Especially after you reach the end and learn a few plot twists, which makes you question the whole point of monsters, other than to satisfy the monster requirement of an Amnesia game.Finally, 'SOMA' touches on moral choices in a way that is perfect. They don't really affect the outcome of the story, but they can be very subtle and actually cause you to stop and think. They cause you to question you character, the environment you're in, and those you travel with.As a side note, it usually didn't bother me, but Simon (protagonist) has a pretty bad voice actor. He does a good job for the most part, but sometimes his line delivery sounds a bit off compared to the rest of the cast.SPOILER FILLED THOUGHTSThe thing that stood out on this game was the way it does horror. Yes there is the usual Amnesia horror elements, but they are second fiddle to the real horror on display. The topics they touch on are what is really horrifiying, such as what defines ""human"", is a copy of a brain as much a person as the original? What counts as ""living""?All of these questions become more and more crushing as you're forced to continue on you journey. What's done even better is the moral choices and how amazingly subtle they can be. The one that stands out the most is when you enter an evelator near the end of the game. It asks for how many pasangers are riding it and you actually stop and think, does Catherine, the AI on the omnitool, count as a passenger? I sat there for a few seconds deciding if I should select 1 or 2. After I realized I was actually putting thought into that made me appriciate how subtle a moral choice that is.Other choices that made me stop and think were if I should kill Simon 2.0, should I unplug the various beings being kept alive by WAU, and finally, should WAU be killed.These choices were very difficult and made me think about them before taking action. The choices and their outcomes are far supirior to anything TellTale has ever put out.Again, I can not reccommend this game enough. I needed something to sratch that horror itch and this game satisfied that far beyond expectations."
76561197972238382,Recommended,282140,21022945,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dakimaz,I am no longer constipated.
,Recommended,282140,18268987,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Spyder,"Existential horror at its best.Having played both the Penumbra and Amnesia series', I can easily say this one blows them both out of the water. What this game has done right, is put a story focus first, instead of the horror. The horror is still there, and can definitely still scare you, but the horror this game excels at is the question of our existance. If you've played Amnesia or Penumbra, expect some of the same, but at the same time, expect something different, and in my opinion, better.This game has fantastic visuals, and impecable sound design. This game will immerse you. It has an incredible atmosphere. This game is probably one of my favourites of the year so far.The game's story is incredibly gripping. You will play and you will be pulled in and want to know what on earth is going on at the Pathos-II facility. You'll find most of your answers by exploring, and not rushing through the game. While the story gets outlined by a companion, you'll need to read notes, computers, audio logs, black boxes from corpses, and just absorb the environment to find more about the story. This is how you will get the most out of the game.Frictional does it again. Please do yourself a favor and buy this game. If it's on offer, then capitalize what I just said, and buy this damn game."
76561197995346221,Recommended,282140,19428418,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CocoBear,"Excellent game. Meets the standards Frictional Games set for themselves in their heyday (Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and Penumbra)The atmosphere oozes from each setting in the game. Audio is excellent and adds so much to the tension. Environment visuals are great, but I found character models slightly funny looking. I love that you can pick up and interact with so many objects in the world, unlike the Machine For Pigs walking simulator.Scares and scary situations are plentiful. It's great that Frictional Games is able to scare you without always relying on darkness as a crutch. I found myself tense throughout a larger portion of the game than I remember for their previous titles. Definitely got an adrenaline rush a few times, and I had to take breaks in some of the areas.The dialogue in general is entertaining, but at some points the main character's philosophical musings are too in-your-face and even repetitive. The overall story is pretty good, pieced together gradually as you progress through the game, including a lot of optional text and sound clips.The pacing is excellent. The game is pretty linear, which was important to keeping the game's momentum going.Conclusion: Must play, if you can stomach scary games."
76561198010230941,Recommended,282140,21506895,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,BustyMuffin,Spooks aside; Possibly the most engaging storyline to a video game that I've played.
,Recommended,282140,21102735,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,EphemeralRag,"Writing this right after I beat the game, because I believe this totally deserves being rated up.Honestly, what a game. What an amazing game.You'd be doing yourself a huge favour by going into the game as a blank slate. Just stay away from the internet, or walkthroughs or anything of the sort. Your whole experience will be worth it.Despite what the tags say, this isn't really a horror game. Sure there are parts that make your blood curdle and the game and the setting can be genuinely creepy. But what stood out for me in this game are the actual themes behind it. It really shakes you up psychologically, more so than other story-driven games, and it makes you reflect on yourself as a human being. The choices you make in the game have no consequences and don't alter the ending of the game in any way. But the choices stay with you. And I'm sure that the choices I made today are going to keep me awake at night. I'm not even a person who gets hugely attached to games. But I assure you, this one just draws you in.I just have one tip for you when you're playing this game:Just relax, take your time while you're playing through it and explore the world around you. Learn more about it and get immersed in it. It'll make your choices seem all the more ""real"".What are you waiting for?Seriously, play this game. It'll be one of the most insightful 10 hours of your life."
,Recommended,282140,18269993,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ianmarcinkowski,"I just finished SOMA. I don't normally review the games that I have played, but I feel like I have a lot to say about this wonderful game.SOMA is story about humanity more than anything else.  I understand complaints about the lack of traditional inventory, or the linear game play, but for me this was a story to experience.  I have spent my days at work thinking back to this game.Spoilers: SOMA wildly succeeded in impressing upon me the gravity the situation that our protagonist and humanity find themselves in.Perhaps I am just primed for stories of the total extinction of humanity thanks to the current state of our world and the constant doomsday talk of climate change and a host of other problems we face, but the story of SOMA spoke to me."
,Recommended,282140,25900557,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,FuzzyFishIII,"This game... really messes with your head. It's a fantastic game and made me enjoy it the further I went along the journey. The choices you make, the information you learn that was left behind, the truth you discover as you progress throughout this amazing game. I highly, HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of great stories because this right here is just downright phenominal."
76561198083622990,Recommended,282140,19751063,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,nut up or shut up,It's like Amnesia with fish
,Recommended,282140,28107594,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,xjosephx,"Think if bioshock made you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and question your will to go on living.A gritty, bleak and beautiful survival horror game, with an unspeakably great story. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,32842138,Posted: 26 June,all,Karma,"Perhaps one of the greatest games I have ever played, Soma really makes you think about life and death. The graphics are incredible, but what really pulls you in is the incredibly heart-grabbing story. I wish I could play this game again and again as if I had never played it before, so I may experience the story as if I'd never heard it before. Though, I still get the feeling I'll end up playing it all over again anyway. Thank you for the wonderful game."
,Recommended,282140,26712367,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LiQuiDuS,"This sentence cam sum up my impression of this game: People from Frictional games have perfected their recipe!If you are a horror and sci-fi fan, don't look any further, this is an ideal game for you. Just the right ammount of puzzle solving, monster to run from, and narrative elements, all packed into 10-12h of beautiful gameplay.I won't tell another word to spoil this experience for you, so for the love of God, go and buy this game and feel the great atmosphere envisaged by the developer team!"
76561198006266673,Recommended,282140,18270132,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Orex/www.twitch.tv/riken13,"If Alien Isolation, Bioshock, Deadspace, and The Talos Principle had a baby, it would be this game.Definitely a spiritual successor to Amnesia the Dark Descent in some ways, its definitely a fun mystery to try and unravel."
76561198136789464,Recommended,282140,32836276,Posted: 26 June,all,Cael Thavain #TF2SP,"SO·MA/ˈsōmə/noun(BIOLOGY)-the parts of an organism other than the reproductive cells.-the body as distinct from the soul, mind, or psyche.I have no words. You just have to trust me when I say that this game is a masterpiece. Well, mostly... when the game loads between areas expect to drop to 1 or 2 fps, which isn't so bad because it doesn't happen too often and it's just loading. Also, the enemies are not very fun at times, though I found them to add to the horror atmosphere quite well.All in all this game has two downsides:>fps drops on loads>enemies are not too fun to encounterThe upsides are a plenty and 100% outway the downsides. I would list all the upsides but there are too many."
,Recommended,282140,27210307,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,嵐の中で生まれた,Soma is an existencial horror that puts you deep within the sea. One of the best horror games ever created with the most amazing and heartwrenching story.
,Recommended,282140,33067964,Posted: 30 June,all,Sardonic,"A Pretty good imagining of some tranhumanist or even post-humanist ideas.  Very atmospheric.  It is marred by the annoying monsters however.  I mean I knew that was the game going into it, but I honestly think I would have preferred a walking simulator with a few puzzles, full of atmosphere and contemplation, rather than the jumpscare monsters you shouldn't look at.Even still, definitely worth it on deal."
,Recommended,282140,32971765,Posted: 28 June,all,DOUGIE JONES,"one of the most mature and impactful stories of any game i've played. fantastic voice acting, and writing that handles SOMA's nuanced, delicate, and realistic themes without bias and with grace. i'm glad this game exists, and im glad that frictional is establishing themselves as very competent devs.if the horror elements are keeping you from buying this - get it anyway. i'm not a fan of straight up horror of really any variety. yet the questions that SOMA raises combined with compelling characters hooked me to the point where fear was just a necessary evil. and the existential fear created is ♥♥♥♥ing impressive."
,Recommended,282140,28497138,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Lord JEJ,"Amazing game,story 10/10graphics 10/10game mechanics 10/10glitches 9/10setting 10/10characters 7/10the only negative I had was there is way to defend yourself from what lurks in the ocean"
76561198079154552,Recommended,282140,28531302,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sad Man,Deep emotional experience.One of these few games we play not for pleasure.A real art here.
,Recommended,282140,28702930,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,phu,"a wonderful sci-fi story, perfect atmosphere"
,Recommended,282140,31221101,Posted: 18 April,all,☭ Димитрий ☭,I gonna make it short.Story 9/10Gameplay 9/10Graphics 8.5/10
,Recommended,282140,31207531,Posted: 17 April,all,Strangely Erotic Soda,"In terms of story-telling and immersion, this game is literally unmatched.It's much less frightning than Frictional's previous games, but it made me feel things for characters I haven't felt for real life human beings. It is engaging and unparallelled in terms of narrative.It has a few flaws, mostly in terms of pacing and personal expectation from previous games, but it more than compensates and is, overall, a great experience I would heartedly recommend to any and all."
76561198061838524,Recommended,282140,28120301,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Dirtyoldbear,"Disclaimer: Completed in Wuss Mode (enemies don't attack)I really, really enjoyed this game.At some points I had to remind myself I was invincible because of the atmospheric horror.The developers have compared their game, storywise & financially to 'Firewatch'.Both are really good games, but I would recommend SOMA more strongly.I bought this game for the (restrained) horror,ended up staying for the story.I would say there are many parallels to be made - storywise with the ""Talos Principle"".I loved the in-game survey.It was a great tool to show how my opinions had changed.I also loved the refreshing philosophical approach to AI and quality of life.(again, that in-game survey showed how my philosophical stance had changed)So yeah, this game changed me as a person."
76561198096079278,Recommended,282140,26702935,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,FriendFive,"This might be one of the best games I have ever played. It's very immersive, very cinematic and is a really good sci-fi horror story that is heavy on the sci-fi and less so on the horror. It explores some philosophical themes around what it means to be human and what is the nature of existence; where does your consciousness lie? Apart from some minor annoyances (like game mechanics that are rarely used), I think every gamer should give this a play through."
,Recommended,282140,28836579,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DukeCZ,"Frictional Games is apprarently only company on its level when it comes to horror games. Because this was absolutely the best horror game I have ever played so far. Why? Because it's not just about scary flashy moments but also scary story that makes you think about it and decisions you have to make.+ story+ graphics+ controls+ sounds and voices+ videos made to enhance the story experience- simon seems to be quite stupid sometimes... but what can you expect from someone with brain damage :)Result: Buy it, wait for night, grab headphones, and enjoy the game! Oh and never trust AI."
76561198262497120,Recommended,282140,23235190,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,jg.pottle,"AWESOME,  brilliant, would like more of this.."
76561198119507413,Recommended,282140,23220508,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Uncle McKnuckles,"Undoubtedly one of the best experiences in video games.  Truly terrifying moments, a compelling plot, and incredible visuals and sound design to really seal the immersion.10/10 for horror games"
,Recommended,282140,20108869,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,PHOENIX,"Oh man this game. You play as a man named Simon that has had something happen recently in his life and  goes seeking help. Upon doing so he finds himself in a new location. What follows when you start to explore this new world, is some of the best tension filled gaming moments and thought provoking story moments I have had in recent memory. Kudos to everyone at Frictional Games for that."
76561197971761334,Recommended,282140,24781806,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Adonik,"The game re-uses some of what came before in the Amnesia games.  I didn't find this one quite as frightening due to certain circumstances which I will not reveal to avoid spoilers.  Despite this, it still got my heart pumping and had me holding my breath more than once.  I think this title was their crowning achievement as far as this genre goes, though I feel like it would be good to leave it at that, and not develop any more of this genre.The story was excellent and really tries to get you thinking about what is real and the identity of the self.  Due to the nature of the game, it's short, but worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,282140,23440363,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Noneatme,This game is just woah. It has an amazing storyline and goes very deep into the nature of the living human. Everyone who is interested in neural science should play this game immediately.
76561198150183370,Recommended,282140,20423257,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,CRTmatrix,"This game for truly has perfect plot and atmosphere! Great view of undersea, nice disclosure of AI in postapocaliptic world!(Billion times better than flattered first bioshock)"
,Recommended,282140,18261680,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Hotpocketdeath,"I usually don't post reviews, but I'll make an exception for this game.  I must say I found the game very enjoyable.  The balance between exploration and adventure ties in well with the horror aspect of the game.  I find it harder and harder to play games in long stretches, but this game kept me glued to my computer all the way to the end.Although, I do wish there was a bit more epilogues on some of the tough decisions made in the game.  I would certainly not be apposed to Frictional Games adding them in later because I think it could be done without changing the gameplay or the ending itself."
76561197970575693,Recommended,282140,18259639,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Simply Bagel,Great game. Amazing story. Scray as hell.
,Recommended,282140,29052780,Posted: 5 January,all,Cho Chang,"So the question you are left with is, what does it mean to truly exist? is existance a body? a personality? a soul? and what if that existance could continue on? even if you couldn't? what would you do to preserve it, everything that is great and beautiful about humanity and would you risk it all on a coin toss? this game is amazing, after the inital getting lost and confusion, plus the enemies are different each time you get to a new area, its really interesting and I couldn't stop playing till I finished, also I liked that you got the option of who to kill and who to leave behind, bravo."
76561198141691154,Recommended,282140,23916253,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,thaelite1,"Truly remarable game. Holds a grasp on the horror nature that we knew and loved from Amnesia, while creating a narrative that sticks with you.While SOMA isn't nearly as intense and horror filled as Amnesia, the sacrifice of horror for the sake of a stronger and more engaging story is completely worthwhile.This game will make you feel truly alone, and incredibly attached to the minimal amount of characters, all at the same time, and in all the right ways."
,Recommended,282140,33045891,Posted: 30 June,all,heh,"Warning: Contains spoilersWhere do I start....first hour of playing was like what the f is happening and saying ""what the f"" in my head like every two minutes;the second hour of gameplay still made almost no sense, but things started to happen;3rd hour:met the cute little friendly robot in the ocean; saw that i could stand on him; was happystill in the 3rd hour:oh look! the cute little thing is helping me open that door! yay!-w-wait, what are you doing? WHERE IS THE CUTE LITTLE THING???; was sadalmost the 4th hour:♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥he saw me♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥now: HOLY FOCKEN♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S GETTING REAL.In all seriousness, this game covers a pretty deep and dark topic and yeah, really makes you think how ♥♥♥♥ed up is everything in that world...all i can say is buy this game. now.Later Edit: oh my God......i am left speechless........the dialogs and the actions you're put to do......all the ideas, questions that are rushing into your mind.....the atmosphere....it's just purely majestic....i am just speechless..."
,Recommended,282140,18314236,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Edelguard,Great atmosphere and interesting story
,Recommended,282140,26358048,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Suncake,"Soma is a worthy descendant of Penumbra and Amnesia. It took me 10 hours to finish the game slow-pacedly, but it's the time well spent. The story is captivating, the locations are well-designed, the decisions are hard, even as they don't affect the ending. Yes, it's all pretty linear, but it works fine for a horror game. Totally worth getting if you're a fan of genre, still worth trying if you aren't."
,Recommended,282140,33890876,Posted: 29 July,all,[THT]FASCIITIS,it's frictional!
76561198007739449,Recommended,282140,32742098,Posted: 24 June,all,Spicy | gul4sh,"Great experience, makes you wonder about meaning of life.11/10 would make a brain scan again."
,Recommended,282140,18337433,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Milo~,"Thank god for developers like Frictional Games, that are willing to take the risk and time to explore more complex themes and ideas. SOMA isn't perfect, but once the screen fades to black for the last time it makes up for any deficit. It sets an impossible standard for most indie developers.This was not the game I was expecting. If, like me, you have only glimpsed some early build trailers, then the design has clearly changed. Placed underwater, amongst the remains of humanity, you must come to grips with almost a century of change, and ultimately redefine the term human. Talking robots, mechanized humans and corrupted marine life all play their role in convincing you that something has gone horribly wrong.Frictional maintain a number of elements from their previous outings, including physics based puzzles. Almost any object can be grabbed, dropped and thrown; levers can be pulled; wheels can be twisted; doors pulled or pushed open. The concept lends a welcome tactile nature to the story which, sadly, falls back on a familiar trope: your all alone, EXCEPT for a voice to guide you. While you identify the owner of the voice, and ultimately take on their objective as your own, it still feels like a commitment to revealing the story through environment and atmosphere would have strengthened the isolation, making searching out information a puzzle in itself.The look and setting of SOMA will bring obvious comparisons to Bioshock, but it's tenuous link at best. Skulking through the confined, industrialized corridors of Pathos II feels far removed from the Art Deco inspired, living spaces afforded to Rapture. No guns and plasmids, only exploring and hiding.Worth a special mention is the sound design, music and voice acting. Certain games lend themselves to headphones more than others, and you would be doing a disservice not to use them in this case. The effect is universally excellent in creating a sense of place, whether the groan of stressed metal or the muted, calm of the seafloor.Previous Frictional releases have relied on enemies to provide constant tension and scares, leaving you cowering in darkened corners. SOMA's mechanized enemies don't appear as frequently, and tend to be solo when they do, but I personally found them to be frustrating. My main issue was their completely random nature. In one example I was left with the enemy blocking my only way forward, unresponsive to sound or light, and refusing to budge until I ran at it, died and restarted past that point. While they are fitting to the story and environment, I couldn't help but feel they may not have been necessary, and instead the developer felt pressured to include them.There are some other issues, I experienced, that may or may not concern others. Loading times are looooong (up there with The Witcher 3), with intermittent loading occuring at strange intervals. Pacing is slower in the first half than the more compelling second. Objectives are not marked which leads to wandering and backtracking trying to find items and puzzles to solve.The best test of the success of an idea is how it stays with you afterward. Like Life Is Strange, SOMA has remained with me since finishing, debating the choices I made and trying to reconcile the events into chronological order. It's Frictional's best story yet, offering a rich message that never takes away from the terror of playing. In fact, that message questioning what it means to be human, is SOMA's most terrifying element. The game isn't perfect, none are, but if an amazing story, wrapped in an absorbing atmosphere and sprinkled with puzzles is your thing, then it's an easy choice."
76561197994370898,Recommended,282140,26590758,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Alex,"This game quickly became one of my all-time favorites.It has a brilliant sci-fi story that provokes existential thought. The atmosphere is unsetteling and the horror is very well crafted and mature (doesn't rely on jumpscares). The core gameplay is very similar to Amnesia, but thanks to the sci-fi setting the developers have been able to be even more creative with the interactivity than before. Highly recommended for horror fans or people who wants an immerisve video game experience."
76561198036033764,Recommended,282140,26640367,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,justin.autz,"Well I beat the game. About halfway through I was going to give this a negative review. The first two chapters were intriguing, and then I became bored from chapters 3-6. I wanted to try to pay attention, but for awhile there I just didn't care. It wasn't until chapter 7 when the feels really kicked in. The depth of existence really started to take its toll, and the cream of the game started to show through.At the end of the day, this is still a poor man's Bioshock set in a Dead Space type world, except you have none of the cool weapons and abilities present in both those games. The clincher to the story is nothing that I haven't already experienced before (if you have seen the movie, ""The Prestige"", its literally the same concept), but it is profound, nevertheless. So I have to recommend this game. I still am not sure it was worth 30$, but the voice acting was good, and once you get past the boring repetitive nature of the game, the story is quite intriguing, and the scenery is truly incredible once you immerse yourself in the depths.Wait til its on sale, if you can, and then snap it up for 10-15$ and you won't regret it. It's an enjoyable trip down a path towards questioning your own existence. I just feel like it didnt hit that crescendo punch it needed to in order to send it into ""classic"" territory. But still a fun experience, all things considered."
,Recommended,282140,21780025,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,actatexas,"Brilliant game. I can't really put into words the lasting impression it left on me and, I assume, the many others who have finished it. This is more than just a horror game: this is a work of psychological and philosophical art."
,Recommended,282140,21862169,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,cmacneilliii,Simply Amazing
76561198187214193,Recommended,282140,21862936,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,HippieGurl,"This game was pretty fun overall. It has an interesting theme, explores ""deep"" questions about humanity, and forces the player with uncomfortable choices. I thought the different areas of the Pathos complex were well done. I thought the monster premise was interesting, but rather than frightening, it just was tedious getting around them. Grinding through the game, avoiding the monsters became annoying. There are a couple of places in the game where you have to make life/death choices, which just begs you to think about  what life really is. One minus: replay value. I don't see much, perhaps I'd play it over once but I'd have to wait a while. The game is pretty linear.I would like to see more of these cerebral type games in the future. I'd buy this game again, considering it entertained me at a reasonably low cost."
76561198067726235,Recommended,282140,21943990,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,AK,"I just finished SOMA. It's an incredibly thought-provoking survival horror game. The atmosphere and story are beyond excellent. I've never played a game that left me with such difficult moral decisions. I found myself literally pausing the game to sit and think some of my actions through. Incredible. My only gripe would be the interactions with the enemies. While they were horrifying, it was difficult to strategically hide from them. (Alien: Isolation was fantastic in this regard). This is a very minor flaw, though - don't think it's not worth playing because of this. I would go into more detail, but I'd rather not spoil anything. 9/10"
,Recommended,282140,21839033,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Pthumeru,Amazing.Some of the best narrative and atmosphere I have experienced ina a game in a long time. Brilliant thoughout. Frictional did it again.
76561197967426003,Recommended,282140,21978626,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Trusterrer,fantastic
,Recommended,282140,21946819,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Barry the Chopper,"Ladies and gentlemen, this to me is a fantastic work of science fiction. A work that asks important and interesting questions, and explores them in different ways. Beyond that I cannot say much more without spoiling the plot, and I wouldn't want to deprive anyone from experiencing this as I did, unspoiled and uncertain."
,Recommended,282140,21958128,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,bruh,"It's like BioShock but spookier and even more thought provoking. And unlike many other story-driven games of today, the ending doesn't fall flat. Rather, it's the real kicker of the entire story, maybe even the scariest part of the game.It's worth buying, even if you aren't a huge fan of horror. Trust me, you'll enjoy this one."
,Recommended,282140,21990568,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,The Owl Of Wisdom,"The concept of the game is brilliant; makes you dwell on life even after you stop playing and is a must buy to any fellow sci-fi fan. But if you bought the game expecting it to be as scary as Amnesia: you'll be disappointed. Sure the game has moments that get your heart pumping but it doesn't have the same atmosphere or sense of dread as Amnesia. When you look at some of the WAU's creatures static appears and it makes a horrifying sound; this would be good if you could tell the  difference between the sounds of when it's spotted you or when you've gotten to close. They all seem to sound the same, which can add add more suspense but honestly flat out confuses you.It's story is very compelling. You get your brain scanned as a result of a car crash and wake up in the distant future. After waking up you find yourself in an underwater base called PATHOS II where all the people you can find are either barely living or robots. You meet a robot called Catherine and you agree to help her find her experiment. SOMA's is very much like bioshock with it's underwater aesthetic and is also reminiscent of Dead Space; this is due to the design of PATHOS II, very futuristic yet very dark rooms.Later in the story your lead to find out that your mind has been copied over into a robotic suit. To reach the deeper section of PATHOS II you have to copy yourself into a more heavy duty suit; the only problem is that the original will still be there. You are given the decision to leave or kill your copy. This is the kind of choice the game gives you that can affect how you view the game."
,Recommended,282140,21952553,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Angel Bob,"Here is a game that is fantastic in most if not all aspects of horror games. The graphics quality is very nice (especially considering that Frictional Games isn't particularly large), the story is brilliant and the character are very real feeling. This is one of my favourite stories that a game has ever told. Plus, the horror element is very well integrated, doesn't feel forced and is delightfully thrilling for someone like myself who seeks out such things. I very highly recommend this to anyone, whether you enjoy horror or not."
,Recommended,282140,23915418,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,Very good game. Typical run-and-hide style gameplay. Lots of tension.Don't play if you have a heart condition.Game could be better optimized.
,Recommended,282140,23875958,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fatty,"Great story. Really draws you in and makes you think.Very linear, perhaps too much so. None of your decisions really matter and they never effect anything.Play time is rather short for the price tag, even on sale. About 8 hours of playtime with full exploration.There are a handful of ""monsters"" which seem to basically be amorphous humanoid mutations and basically you have to sneak by them. You cannot fight. Not a lot of sneak sections and all are fairly easy and simple.I enjoyed the game, but it didn't quite live up to the hype I was hoping for from a lot of the reviews/ratings and the price tag."
76561198087057272,Recommended,282140,23884541,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,hyun330,缺点：1.如果想及时存档，需要保存退出到主界面2.首次读档时间太久3.杀或者不杀WAU，对结局没有影响，希望做多结局除了上述以外，这个游戏毫无瑕疵，pc上难得的恐怖游戏佳作。评分10/10          买就是了！！！Just buy it！！！！！！！！
76561198004925994,Recommended,282140,23913468,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Butter Me Up Sunshine,"Wow what an amazing game... The Story. The Soundtrack. The Fear. This is truly one of my favorite games I have ever played. Frictional Games really outdid themselves with this one, you can really tell that they put their heart and soul into this one. This an absolutely amazing game, with an ending that will make you want to play every other Frictional Game out there. Trust me."
,Recommended,282140,23893177,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,NeuralPunk,"Wow...SOMA is freakin' fantastic, and left me speechless at the ending, and had me questioning what consciousness really is. This game is terrifying at times, sad, lonely, confusing, scary, weird, strange, amazing, beautiful, and so much more. SOMA is a wild ride that never lets up from beginning to the end. This is a MUST PLAY."
76561197972832187,Recommended,282140,23910040,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mistermichaud,"Absolutely loved this game.  A strong sci-fi tale which uses it's premise to explore interesting and unsettling questions about consciousness and what it means to be human.  The horror elements may feel out of place for some, but personally it only adds to the sense of dread and isolation as you gradually come to terms with the protagonists situation.SOMA is a clear evolution in the genre established by System Shock, Half-Life, Bioshock, etc."
,Recommended,282140,23905172,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ECy Manufacturing,"This game is so fantastic that none of the reviews I had read does even begin to describe it. Had I known how good it was, I'd definitely have picked it up on release day. Wow. I'm impressed.I didn't buy it when it came out, because it was basically featured as a ""horror game"", which is a  genre I usually find boring as hell. Well, it might actually contain horror, but primarily of the psychological sort. Once you start to think about what is really happening, what the situation you're in really means, that's the moment the horror sets in.I played the game with the ""Wuss Mode"" mod, and I'm more than happy I did, because it removes the one element that I know would havbe me annoyed to no end. This does basically turn the game into an interactive movie, which is exactly what I was hoping for.The mood and the atmosphere and spot on. Play this with a good surround set or headphones in a dark room, and you'll be ""right there"".So glad I experienced this. To think I almost missed it!"
,Recommended,282140,23929013,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TabulaWasa,"SOMA is an amazing game and holds up well to the type of games that Frictional Games makes: very scary, with a perfectly created environment to explore and a storyline that leaves me speechless. The philosophical aspect of SOMA means a lot to me and it's very impressively done.Playing SOMA while expecting a horror game that relies only on the aspect of fear would be silly. For me the whole worldbuilding behind the game, along with all the characters that you might meet or read about on your own, is so well done that the emotional value of the game is very high for me. Sometimes I found myself searching a bit too long for the right way with the vast exploration potential of the ocean and such, but that's the only thing that irked me in some maps.This game is an amazing adventure and it's definitely in my top 5 video games of all time. If you enjoy thinking about what it means to be human in a world with technology that might exceed us in the near future, play it."
76561198375136220,Recommended,282140,31205680,Posted: 17 April,all,Letifer,"Perfect, just perfect."
,Recommended,282140,26528708,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Klaymonator,Unbelievable. I will never forget this experience as long as I live!
76561198003808697,Recommended,282140,24920656,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,HeaDiii,"One of the greatest stories i've ever experienced.Sometimes i just want to forget about this game completely, so i can experience it again from the beginning."
,Recommended,282140,34379803,Posted: 20 August,all,Rizla+.,"If you like Adventure with puzzles and a bit of suspense and horror thrown in then this is for you. Good story line too. Who ever thought of this game is genius. Excellent.However, if I could improve it I would make the graphics a bit better and also the movement of the character faster and more fluid. I found the mouse movements would stick when operating things like plug in power cables which was frustrating, but, restarting steam cures it for a while.So for above reasons I will give this game 8/10.Now go buy it :)"
76561198018767127,Recommended,282140,24012881,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,IrishPub,This game will stay with you long after the credits stopped rolling.
76561197971139116,Recommended,282140,34915498,Posted: 13 September,all,UKCarbine,"First off let me explain that I very rarely finish games. I tend to throw myself into them and then start playing something else and never return to them. So it takes a certain type of game to draw me back and actually complete it. This is one such game.It was refreshing to play a game and actually feel vulnerable. Genuine moments where you felt scared and moments of panic and fear.  The Claustrophobic atmosphere is excellent and I feel it has been executed very well. Discovering the story is interesting and the actual concept is definitely something that makes you think about the human conscious, if you like stories with a bit of science fiction in them. Another aspect of the game I really liked was the way you interact with objects some really nice game mechanics within this title.This is the first game I have played with a controller for it's entirety (which was great as I have a big of bicep tendonitis at the moment).Best played with the lights off in a dark room and headphones on high to really accentuate the atmosphere."
,Recommended,282140,20819572,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Wolfgang One,"I... absolutely enjoyed the hell out of this. It's... well, sort of a walking/running/puzzle solver/run-away simulator, I guess, if you were to try and categorize the gameplay. It's a teeny tiny bit jumpscary at times, but is mostly just tense. Suspensful and unexpectedly laden with ideas, concepts that are already of tremendous importance to me. It's no Crysis graphics-wise (and I'm fine with that anyway), but I thought it all very well designed and quite beautiful. I found myself playing with headphones on in the dark. Just... overall exceedingly well executed.Now I'm just rambling in incoherent excitement. But... I own and have played a silly amount of games, but have written... what, two, three reviews? I only bother when a game really struck a chord with me, which this sure as hell did. So I guess if you know me and my opinion means anything to you and you're at least on the fence about this game, I seriously think you should play it. Ten out of ten, would buy again. Et cetera.KJ: what's it aboutMe: hmMe: in one word? transhumanismKJ: give me two wordsMe: ... undersea transhumanism?KJ: haha"
76561198210342176,Recommended,282140,20148512,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Walker Freeman,"Another great game by Frictional Games. The game is hugely immersive and the environment is just wonderful. The game succesfully combines the concept of truely being human, and thriller.(I know that's a wierd thing to say, but that's what i felt.)Pros-Captivating story, great environment, keeps you engaged, not too long.Cons-I felt it could have needed a few more jumpscares.In the end, Highly recommended for the people who are a fan of this genre."
76561198014242486,Recommended,282140,35341475,Posted: 30 September,all,Polifimia,"SOMA, a game from Frictional Games, the makers of Amnesia (what better guarantee..). A first-person, sci-fi adventure with elements of survival horror. The latter constits of scary moments but it is more based on the aspect of phychology with pertinent questions about existence, life and the state after life. Not sure if the title is based on the greek word about ""body"" but I can not find a better fitting title.Pros:+ amazing depressing atmosphere, which is greated enhanced by the dialogs between the protagonist and Cathrine.+ story is unravelled beautifully and so effectively that leaves you a desire to continue only to learn what happened to the station and to the world in general. You start by visiting a doctor for a scan only to end up in a sub-water base not being able to understand what is going on. You are motivated to keep continuing also to find out what will happen in the story.+ awesome sound effects and music, definitely matching the tone of the game+ very nice representation of the base turned into ruins but also of the aqueous environment+ all puzzles have solutions based purely on logic or physics, almost no backtracking is required to solve them+ very easy interface to interact with the environmentCons:- perhaps some levels outside the parts of the basis are a bit repetitive and require walking from one point to the other without interacting with anything- some encounters with the enemy can be a bit frustrating- perhaps it could include more puzzles to be solvedAll in all, a brilliant game not to be missed. This is a game to show to the non-believers to prove that games are art. Definitely recommended for all those who want to participate in a very engaging, story-based experience of high-quality, existential science fiction blended with horror.Can not wait for the next creation of Frictional Games."
,Recommended,282140,35309508,Posted: 29 September,all,Dalek:.,"Imagine if Bioshock 1 + 2 and Penumbra had a baby, this would be the result. Joking aside, this is a brilliant game. Although I stopped playing it for a while because I played other games, I got hooked and back into it instantly and really wanted to find out what happens story wise. The atmosphere and music is incredible, it really immersed me into the world and was a wonderful experience.Until I loaded up the game, I then said oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ It’s the guys who made Penumbra! I then knew I was in for a ride, and recognised the way that the doors and things moved, physics, etc.-Good--Solid Atmosphere-Terrified of the monsters that lurk about-Interesting story-No weapons, much like Penumbra.-In depth detail about equipment and recordings about what happens within the world-Love the voice acting, very well done - especially Catherine's voice ♥-Bad--Some blur here and there when roaming the ocean, I get this is meant to be like this but I hate depth of field etc. It's not that bad though.-One or two parts aren't so obvious to progress, e.g. when a room gets flooded, you need to left click onto the hole in the wall to progress-No MSAA, only FXAA anti-aliasing, which sucks. But it's not too obvious with no AA, so I'm happy about that.Overall, definitely worth playing for anyone interested in a wonderful story and experience."
,Recommended,282140,34638697,Posted: 31 August,all,Foodin,"Alien Isolation, albeit a at a slower pace.Terrifying (and weird) - a must buy for fans of horror (and walking simulator) genre."
,Recommended,282140,28666299,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lemon,What does it mean to be alive?
76561197971417681,Recommended,282140,24251154,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Anacro,One of the most enjoyable games I've played in a long time.
76561197975309967,Recommended,282140,24224161,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,H0ots,One of the most thought provoking games I have ever palyed - a page turner in game form.
,Recommended,282140,24165564,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,𝒔𝒉𝒊𝒏𝒏𝒊,"I enjoyed this game; it was entertaining and had also given me something to ponder:""if we found a way to copy a human's conciousness and put it into a machine .. would it be right to do it?""And what would happen if that data became corrupted? It might make them insane.Final Thoughts.- I liked the atmosphere created in this game.- 'Insufficient Power' scenarios were a little redundant.- Needs more monsters. c:"
,Recommended,282140,34426513,Posted: 22 August,all,a gigglepuss!,"Great game. Thought provoking, and totally nails the atmosphere and sound. Big recommendation for me, especially for people who've wanted a genuinely scary game, minus cheap jumpscares."
,Recommended,282140,35509157,Posted: 5 October,all,resistance™,"A masterpiece from the beginning to the end. This is one of the best stories i've ever witnessed in computer games. It really blows your mind and pushes you to go further into the game. There are some technical issues with fps drops. The sound is outstanding... music, sound effects and dialogues (very professionell speakers).The only downside are some trial and error monster chase/hide sequences. I would like to have the opportunity to trap creatures or go past them with puzzles or something like that. It is good to be helpless but not to be chased down with unfair and annoying mechanics.Beside of that !small! issue i think it is the greatest game ever made in that genre. Storytelling, Sound, Atmosphere... simply awesome."
,Recommended,282140,33297473,Posted: 5 July,all,Zizo,game make me go Wau...
76561197983014595,Recommended,282140,18199615,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ckaosatom,"Fantasic game from start to finish , great tension and scares,  engrossing philisophical aspects, and great graphics to boot!One of my favorite games from the past few years."
76561197966685532,Recommended,282140,18201857,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Panimu,"This was an amazing game and story. Forget Mass Effect, that story was always trite. If you want a real SciFi story it's awaiting you here in SOMA"
76561198020962979,Recommended,282140,18210345,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MA-SIMON,"Whoa, what an experience!It is good. Very good.But it will stress you out.Be shure to play with headphones.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18187902,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,A Glowing Thing,"I have played the full game and this review contains no spoilers.SOMA is not your typical half made jump scare game. Its a true experience where the story and atmosphere creates a believable world. The environments instill fear even though there might be no threat. Moments of the game actually were stressful to experience(fear). The story line is much more immense than most games out there; it will actually get you thinking about the subject yourself; making you more involved in world the game creates. The story and atmosphere will give the feeling of being truly alone. There are a variety of threats. Incredibly detailed environments play perfectly along with the events and story line. Graphical quality is great. Interactions with objects bring you further into the game. There are actually a few choices you can make during the story. There are survey's scattered about the game asking you how you feel about things giving you a glimpse of how your opinion might actually change throughout the experience. Controls are responsive and very easy to use, For the first time ever leaning is actually a useful feature that you should take advantage of. Sound is amazing in this game; ambient, music, and triggered sounds blend together well increasing the depth of atmosphere even more.There is still a great deal more I could say, but I just finished the game and my mind is blown over how great this experience was.The only way you could not at least like this game is if you were to make a big deal out of the few glitches or it isn't jump scary enough for you. As always to make sure you get the most of it, you need to play in the dark with a headset fairly loud so you can hear everything, to pay attention to all details, and observe and search as much as possible.This will go down as one of the best games ever made for me and I will remember it for a long time."
76561198036945692,Recommended,282140,18196928,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jordomav,Frictional Games does it again.
76561198036569085,Recommended,282140,18207826,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mugen ツ,This should be the new benchmark for horror games.
,Recommended,282140,18205416,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kelso,"It's that familiar Frictional styled Lovecraftian horror but with a beautiful new skin. It's haunting and exceptionally thought provoking. It takes a glorious step from the heritage of Amnesia and adds in a splash of The Swapper, Alien: Isolation, Bioshock and System Shock 2. It is an absolutely fantastic journey if you're a fan of horror and story heavy games that you would truly do a disservice to yourself for missing. Take the chance, descend the surface and explore what humanity truly means."
,Recommended,282140,18185595,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Johandy,Truly a worthy successor to Amnesia: TDD. Good story and super creepy atmosphere. Loved it.
,Recommended,282140,20044719,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Larry,"Well first of lets have some fun!-start up soma-weird sht happens i be like wtf-sp00ky freaking monster made me pee my pants-weird robots everywhere-catherine your my friend ;_;-gets jumpscared 69 times-changed underwears-found an ark-won the game and was mad-credits-the real ending11/10keep your good work up frictional games!so k, it started out weird and i didnt get itbut after some time it made a bit more sense and boom crazy but amazing story in my opinion!worth the 30 euroscary and spooky and awesome charactersjust buy it and if you dont got the freaking money fine, you know where you can get it for free anyways!HAVE FUN!"
,Recommended,282140,25660749,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DarkSpartan,"SOMA is definitely a masterpiece of the modern horror games, made by the talented people behind Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Penumbra series.The game brings a perfect balance between story, horror, puzzles and exploration. The beautifully crafted underwater sci-fi world, along with an unsettling atmosphere and absolutely great story and soundtrack, delivers a very immersive and pleasant experience!"
76561197969875942,Recommended,282140,25400016,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Dvine,"Existential SF horror?Personally it seems to me that in Penumbra Frictional Games went a bit more for the puzzles sometimes, in Amnesia they went mostly for the horror and ended up defining a whole new horror genre which led to Outlast and Alien Isolation. With SOMA they went more for a SF 'walking simulator' narrative type of game, not the superficial space opera type of SF but the deeper philosophical science and tech speculation type of SF. Sure it is still creepy, and there are still puzzles, but that's not really the focus here IMHO.Frictional Games have succeeded in making a horror game that makes you uncomfortable from an existential point of view, gets you thinking about your place in existence, what are we actually, what will become of us after we are gone, what if ...SOMA First Impression! 60fps GTX 1080https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiLoTkmmyiI21:42 What the hell is this place?30:37 Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ there is something behind that door.43:47 How to heal.As usual, pics on my fb.I also have later videos, like what happens at the ending, which would be a really big spoiler to put here :D"
,Recommended,282140,28924046,Posted: 1 January,all,Fireeye,"SOMA has several weaknesses - the puzzles found in the game not only are rare but also disappointingly easy for something that calls itself a horror adventure, the monsters tend to be more annoying rather than horrifying, and you spend the better part of the game simply walking from A to B while the gamer sputters forth its narrative.It is this narrative and the atmosphere created by it, however, that really make the game shine. What starts out as a more or less regular visit to a doctor quickly turns into a biomechanical underwater nightmare that repeatedly questions the philosophical concept of the self and what constitutes as a human, anyway.Long story short, SOMA basically is a glorified walking simulator, but unlike most other games in that category, this title actually has a story engaging enough to let you forgive its rather lacking pure gameplay. Those looking for a pure horror game that constantly keeps your heart pounding may be disappointed, however."
,Recommended,282140,19046203,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Archangel Sky,"A terrifyingly fun horror game with a lot of emphasis of physiological horror (rather than straight-up jump scares), good graphic design, and a very interesting story. Definitely worth playing if not easily scared; just watch out for the killer robots."
,Recommended,282140,33647612,Posted: 19 July,all,eZKL-,wow
,Recommended,282140,18175862,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Rambowjo,"I played through SOMA in roughly 3 sittings, with a few breaks here and there, about 10 hours of gameplay, with a little bit of replay value I'd argue.Overall the game was pretty amazing. It was not scary in the same way as Amnesia, but rather it played on the constant feel of dread. The monsters were great, but rather than being just scary, they instilled fear, if that makes any sense. There was a much clearer objective throughout the entire game, which really helps drive the player's motivation to work to get past all the monsters, rather than just sitting in a corner and weeping.The story was great, definitely felt more dynamic and natural than Amnesia's. Still had all the mystery, but you didn't constantly feel at a complete loss as to what you were doing."
,Recommended,282140,25534530,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,*PALE CROW*,amazing game just amazingthe story and the idea of the atmosphere it self is mindblowing
,Recommended,282140,23800803,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Thomas Clancy,10/10 one of the best games ive ever played!
76561197982417872,Recommended,282140,21281448,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hash,"SOMA just might be the greatest game released in 2015, it has fantastic scares, fantastic graphics, and a fantastic story. The only game I've ever played where I can't think of a single bad thing to say about it.I had mostly given up on Sci-fi horror games before SOMA came along because I thought that there was nothing new anybody could bring to the table, and boy was I wrong. This game makes you think hard about what makes us who we are, and what our place in the universe is."
76561197999230480,Recommended,282140,18226747,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,R3dtail,"I finished playing this a moment ago.A brief description of the game's story would read something like what Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥(Edit: Steam would dare to censor the name of the author whose works inspired Minority Report, Bladerunner, Total Recall, etc) would write after watching The Road.Pacing is steady with both threats and theme striking a very solid balance of tension  and release.I am never much a fan of ""RUn and hide from the myriad of monsters that are  chasing you for no readily apparent reason"" games, with the exception being that everything eventually ends up making sense.With a gameplay feel very much the same as one of the Pendumbra or Amnesia games, and an aesthetic that seems to take a note or two from Doom 3, the game looks decent. EDIT:I mentioned previously that lighting weasn't especially dynamic. After replacing my aging GTX650 with a new 970, I will retract that statement.The scenery was creatively designed, believable, and always contributes to the experience, contrasting claustrophobic malfunctioning underwater habitats with exposed agoraphobic seabeds, with the nightmarish pitch-black hadal depths and their associated crude, heavy-duty habitats. Where games like Bioshock used this environment to create a slightly more fun and kitschy atmosphere, SOMA uses it to create something that is extremely desolate and unnerving, while managing to keep things shaken up enough to keep from becoming too repetitious.I'm going to talk about the story some now, so if you're going to consider playing for the game's narrative and literary value, then you may want to turn back.The game delves heavily into existentialism, in what I think to be a relatively unique fashion. THe concept of using a natural biological intelligence as the prototype for an artificial intelligence is one that has gained some traction in recent years, with IBM revealing their new computer just months ago designed to process information much in the same way that a human brain does.Among the high-minded stuff in the game comes the question of how much of a human being you can remove and replace, and have it still be the same person. The Theseus discussion, as has been approached by cyberpunk fiction for decades now. Nothing truly revolutionary there, except when the game approaches the idea of simulacra, duplication of brains and personalities.You kill a couple of people in the game, including yourself, twice. Other games have you murdering droves of enemies with guns, never once permitting you to question why or whether or not it was necessary. In Soma, the story takes place after the end of the world, after the last survivors of a comet impact managed to wait out the end of humanity in a large underwater complex. SHortly before you discover that you are neither whom nor what you believe yourself to be, you begin to encounter machines who communicate,  question, optimistically ask for assistance. ANd then you switch them off. It starts to get more and more difficult the more human they become, until you finally realize what's going on. YOur personality was duplicated a hundred years ago in an attempt to cure you of a traumatic brain injury, but later it found itself being used as a template for artificial intelligence development, hence your waking up inside of the mechanized corpse of an oceanographer one hundred years later, at which point the game deposits the question on your lap, were those machines any different from you? And does that change your response to whether or not to let them die?The scenes you encounter become more and more emotionally and philosophically complicated, but the game won't beat you up for it. You might find yourself doing a good enough job of that, though, if you let yourself get immersed.I highly recommend this game for fans of the horror genre, and anyone looking for a good, powerful narrative with a lot of highbrow concepts addressed therein."
,Recommended,282140,19050735,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Ergo,"I like having same feels from the ""Amnesia"" series. There are plenty jumpscares and really interesting story. The have succeeded keeping the player interested trough the gameplay. Started the game and played till the end really good."
76561197968567439,Recommended,282140,22504304,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,AlphaBeard,Holy ****.
,Recommended,282140,18404293,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,[GND] Jester,"Incredible art design and atmosphere, powerful storytelling that tops the vast majority of games.  It may not seem as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent or Penumbra at first, but just keep playing... on that same superficial level it is significantly more terrifying than any other game as a whole, yet it extends much deeper still.  I previously considered Penumbra and Amnesia: The Dark Descent to be the best horror games ever made, but SOMA is an significant improvement in almost every way.Full review (do avoid the spoilers):http://www.gnd-tech.com/content/1015-SOMA-Review"
,Recommended,282140,30756409,Posted: 26 March,all,Fiodor,"It's haunting. Following the recipe of Amnesia and the penumbra games, it presents us with a very original main character setting and the characters, mainly, the main character and it's side-kick really develop in a very organic way.The questions presented in this game have no clear answer; and ultimately the player will reflect and decide whether it makes sense or not, whether it was worth it or not. Some will feel cheated, some will feel satisfied...The game tackles with what it means to exist, to live, to be 'human' and, in a minor sense, with denial.I highly recommend it.One playthrough takes about 10hours give or take. There's some 'stealth-y' sequences, some chase sequences, a lot of puzzles (which are not very tricky but rely on 'aha' moments) but themain mechanic is exploration(no combat, no skill-trees, no nonsense).I will remember this game for a long time, and I will always treasure the beginning I experienced, accompanied by a very special person to me."
,Recommended,282140,20168259,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Heavily atmospheric, Frictional Games' newest is more Bioshock than Amnesia and is all the better for it. Explores the themes of humanity and disease."
76561197994666222,Recommended,282140,23212194,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,reskiltith,"What a great game! If you like sci-fi horror fps games, then here it is.Just make sure you like games like Outlast and Alien : Isolation. You are going to be hunted at times. This is not a jump scare ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ phew that was scary"" game. It is a ""something is chasing me"" and ""something will be chasing me"" game. If you can handle that aspect and have a little patience for the lack of helpfull stuff like a map and inventory, by all means, play this game.The story unfolds at a nice pace. I was confused for quite some time. Then I was wide eyed and running and hiding. I had to learn very fast. With no map, it was, ""where was that place?"" I cannot say exactly what or where you are but there are a few genuine moments of, ""Wow"".Environment : AwesomeFear : Severe to moderateConfusion : YesStory : MethodicalCost : 30 bucks is about right. On sale, even better.Puzzles : YesFrustration : Yes10/10 Because I like the pain and the reward of completion"
,Recommended,282140,18227869,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Stokes,"There may be crashes to desktop and occasional frame rate drops, but the level and especially sound design is absolutely brilliant.  There is one section of 'Avoid the Monster' I wasn't particularly fond of, and I'm still not sure how I slipped by the last one. The 'puzzles' which the developers would rather you call 'activities' did not feel arbitrary.  The plot deals heavily with A.I. and it's use and misuse and puts you in many morally ambiguous situations concerning the subject.  The whole ending sequence is worth the price of admission alone.  Stunning."
,Recommended,282140,24559626,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ross,"Pretty good psychological horror game, with a lot of philosophical undertones. Although you can see the ""twist"" coming from the beggining, the execution is magnificent and makes it worth to play. Be warned though, performance on Windows is garbage for some reason, and It was never fixed. If you can, play it on Linux, it's much better (And even there you will have some performance spikes, they are just a lot less frequent and with a higher overall FPS)."
76561198036333006,Recommended,282140,18175586,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Julio,"A love child between Albert Camus, Philip k.♥♥♥♥♥♥and Giger. Gorgeous, elegant and, yes, very scary and very smart. Another masterpiece by Frictional Games."
,Recommended,282140,18197676,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,WARjunkie,"""Soma"" is great story driven game. Although the horrors are less than that of their previous game, ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent."" Soma is filled with great atomsphere and thought provoking story telling. That being said, this is worth your time. I'm already looking forward to Fractional Games' next project - if any."
,Recommended,282140,18188837,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ryan,"Bought the game yesterday, and played it till today and finished it.this game is amazingly well done, like any amnesia game!This story had a more interesting story line like any other.It was thrilling and even more.. sad?it really left an impression, very well done!Not a single penny wasted! worth it all! 10/10!"
,Recommended,282140,18187071,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ebolate (Swe),"Awesome Game ,awesome story and the  atmosphere  is  just perfect . Sometimes you feel lost (no minimap) so read maps over the area ,that you can find on computers. You also have to solve puzzles on your own and remember what you have to do since there aren`t any directions / objections you can view  other than  whats being told .   It`s not quite as scary as their first game amnesia  ,but you will feel helpless lots of times ,only thing to do  is hide or run .You will jump a couple of times and there are  very intense moments throughout the game , with suitable music /ambience  so it feels even more intense.I recommend this game for the story and atmosphere , the horror part is  just a bonus :Dplay it ,you wont regret it  -   game rate   9/10"
76561198067575256,Recommended,282140,18181067,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Jayzzz,20% exploring30% running50% hiding from monsters10/10 would hide again
76561198057911876,Recommended,282140,18170666,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Yazite,"The long waiting and anticipated title from FrictionalGames has arrived! Ever since we first heard about the game since it was announced in 2012 (I think) everyone has been hyped. The question is, did it live up to the hype and more importantly, is it up there with Amnesia: TDD? I'll try my best not to constantly compare the two, but it's hard not to.To start off, SOMA is an incredible game. The atmosphere and story is very immersive and the sound design is superb. Everytime I walked down a corridor, I felt alone and terrified, as if Iwasthe protaganist. SOMA pulls this off brilliantly. The feeling of isolation in a setting of nightmares is extremely unsettling, and after finishing a session of SOMA, it took me a while to get back to the real world.You're always kept on your toes while playing SOMA. There is never a moment when you are not apprehending a jump scare. There a few ""jump scares"", but the ones that do exist are well executed. As many of you know, a lot of the gameplay in SOMA forces you to run and hide rather than confront any enemies, as seen in the predecessor games. While this can be terrifying at times, I began to find the monster encounters to be very similar and a little stale. It's a case of hiding, staring at the ground and shuffling past them before they notice you. While one could argue that not being able to actually look at the monsters adds a level of terror to the game in the sense of ""You always fear what you don't understand"" a lot of the time I did want to have a good look at the monsters, because Iwantedto understand them. It's difficult to argue this point because it is an effective mechanic and it does make the game a bit more terrifying I suppose. I just thought the monster encounters were all very similar. The fact that the monsters don't despawn and simply patrol, sometimes made the gameplay become repetitive. On the other hand, many could argue that this is a better mechanic than having the monsters disappear, because it keeps your heart racing.SOMA is very story driven, and it makes the gameplay much more interesting. I spent a lot of time simply opening lockers and staring at pictures on the wall. I wanted to soke up every detail in regards to the story, which is a fantastic thing because I did this much less in Amnesia: TDD because the story wasn't as engaging. I've heard a lot of people saying that it is simply a walking simulator, and it kinda is, but I think this term is exaggerated in regards to SOMA. Yes, you will do a lot of walking, but I think this term can be discarded. I'd like to mention again, that the atmosphere is always unsettling, and quite frankly, the simple act of walking is one of the most unsettling parts to the game. Probably the most terrifying section of the game was while I was simply walking through caves on the sea floor. I won't spoil it, but it certainly was, in my personal opinion, the most terrifying section of the entire game.The puzzles in SOMA seem a bit more interesting and engaging when compared to both Amnesia games. They are actually quite simple and logic based, but will sometimes make you ponder. I must admit that I had to use a guide during one puzzle, because I was completely stucky. To some gamers, the puzzles may become a bit annoying if you come with a rushed mindset.SOMA is a great game in terms of story and atmospheric immersion. SOMA will leave you questioning things even after you finished it. It's not often that games have the ability to do this and I commend FG on their work. On the horror side, I sometimes felt that the scares weren't great. For example, you'll often find that all the lights will shut off and a monster will roar, making its presence known, which is a bit cliche. On the other hand, some encounters were truly terrifying and at one time I just wanted to close my eyes and not look. Most of the scares, in my opinion, simply came from the isolation and aloneness. I was always apprehensive when opening a door because I thought it would be a chance for a cheap jump scare. Luckily, this rarely happens which makes the suspense even greater.For fans of Amnesia and Penumbra games, or horror games in general, I would highly recommend this game. The interesting story and always unsettling atmosphere makes this game a great horror experience."
,Recommended,282140,23783151,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,gay bitch,"This game had an extremely strong and intense atmosphere and message that I wasn't prepared for, but I'm glad I picked this game up.Finished it in one sitting.'I can't believe it's only been a day.'"
,Recommended,282140,18214392,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Repoman,"This game is a truly amazing experiance, and an absolute treat to play! It has a very compelling story with brilliant voiceactors and the enviroment is super creepy.If you loved Bioshock, then you would love this as well."
,Recommended,282140,18227388,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Space Walrus,"From the creators of the original Amnesia: The Dark Descent, comes SOMA, another installment in the horror genre. Playing through this game, I've found myself feeling less scared of the game world, but more intrigued. While the game definitely has it's scary moment, mainly when the monsters see you, it's also got a fantasically in-depth and interesting story.The scary portion of the game comes from the wonderfully designed atmosphere, and the sound design. The sound design is amazing. The music, the footsteps of monsters, the creaking of the enviroment, all contribute to create an intense atmosphere. I must say, in comparison to Amnesia, Frictional Games has stepped up their game.The story is extremely interesting with twists and turns that keep you wanting to play to the end. While the ending of the game is lacking some closure for one or two of the characters, I feel that they (Frictional Games) wanted it to end like that. It makes you think and reflect on the game and what it means to be human.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story, intense gameplay, and are fans of the Amnesia/Penumbra games. Even if you're not a fan of their previous titles, this game stands out on it's own.9/10Left me thinking about humanity."
76561197991921123,Recommended,282140,18231497,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,meshuggah12345,"A really strong narrative, great voice acting, and the occasional scare make this game a treat to play through. An amazing soundtrack, and sound design only add to an already solid game. I found all of the puzzles to be very intuitive and logical, no bizzare or out there puzzles like you find in some games. I cannot recommend this game enough, it was worth every penny and I only wish there was more, even though the stoy comes to a fairly satisfying conclusion."
,Recommended,282140,32510271,Posted: 17 June,all,Mobius One,I've played through this game multiple times on PC and PS4. Fantastic game.
,Recommended,282140,18189810,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DBDB,great game
76561198004811351,Recommended,282140,18157249,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"SOMA takes high concept science fiction, Lovecraftian horror, and Bioshock's Rapture, layers them on top of each other and bakes them into a pretty delicious, disgusting treat. These inspirations are fairly obvious and the game can suffer from a bit of the “been there, done thats” that can take the edge and shock away from the prolific horror game player, but the overarching narrative that explores human consciousness and existence is well worth the journey. And it still managed to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me a few times.You play as a brain damaged car crash survivor undergoing an experimental procedure that calls for a high tech scanning of his brain. Shortly after the questionable treatment you awake roughly a hundred years later in an underwater facility built to act as a kind of last resort fallout shelter where the last of humanity is working to load an artificially intelligent facsimile of mankind into a pod, and shoot that “ARK” into space. Before you cry “spoilers”, know that the game goes out of it's way to drive home the point that it isn't a “mystery” story; there aren't any major twists that pull the rug out from under you, and looking for clues so you can feel smarter than your average gamer is pointless. This isn't an M. Night Shyamalan movie; the narrative is straightforward, and any extraneous detail is there to add flavor, not clue you in on some hard left turn the game will take later on. Are you a robot? An AI? Is the world really dead, and is this really the future? Well... yeah, dummy. It's all laid out in front of you. Accept it and focus on the larger story and bigger questions, because there's engineering problems to solve and monsters to hide from. I quite appreciate this approach, as the game's themes and effectiveness don't live or die on how grand of a twist it delivers at the end.The moral and emotional questions explored in SOMA impressively hit home, and are rather timely if you buy into our species rapidly approaching the technological singularity. Would you give up your body to carry on living as an AI? What weight would life and death carry at that point? How would you deal with copies/clones of yourself? These complex and mature intellectual queries are handled very well in the game, and the story congeals symbiotically around them. Your AI companion/door opener, Catherine, provides most of your guidance and exposition as you make your way throughout the dead underwater habitat, fixing things or breaking things as needed to progress. Your interactions with Catherine always come off as small moments of sanity in an otherwise completely alien and hostile environment. The only drawback to these character moments are some spotty voice acting; everyone seems overly calm and unimpressed in the face of death and the complete global apocalypse. I can understand the need to throw some lighthearted moments into such a heavy experience, but the offhanded nature of the protagonist and some of the supporting cast pulled me out of the immersion at times.If you've played Amnesia the hide-and-don't-look strategies for dealing with the malformed monstrosities that hunt you in the dark won't be a big surprise. At one point Catherine even remarks, “You know the drill...” in a moment of self-awareness. The familiarity doesn't make certain, terrifying moments any less nerve-racking as you throw any piece of debris you can find down a hallway to distract the screen-distorting, tentacled creatures. It also helps that these scenarios are used sparingly, so the tension doesn't wear out it's welcome. Only once did I feel like the game crossed a line where I was running around directionless in a maze, and the monster became more annoyance than nightmare. Otherwise the gameplay effects just being near one produces are still gleefully disorienting and freaky. Scattered around the game are organic “health stations” of a sort to heal your fragile mind, because just like in real life: if you're feeling down, fisting a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will make you feel oh so much better.Graphically the game is quite good. You spend a surprisingly large chunk of time exploring the vast, open ocean floor which looks fantastic. It manages to be both oppressive and agorphobic at once, with some nice lighting and particle effects that really drive home the hopelessness. The other major environments are all tight, claustrophobic interiors clearly inspired by the Alien movies... or more recently/fittingly Alien: Isolation. In fact, most of the puzzles you're tasked with solving adhere closely to the formula established by the recent Alien survival-horror game. Kind of tangentially, I think Alien: Isolation might be a better, more cohesive overall video game, but it also had the benefits of a much larger budget and the established franchise... but don't let that dissuade you from SOMA, as the themes and aspirations of either are completely different. If you did enjoy the structure of Alien, however, you're bound to appreciate SOMA if you can dig what it has to offer.SOMA is a very good sci-fi/horror game. It will make you think about life, death, what it means to be human, then it will throw some tentacle zombies at you. It successfully blends both genres with equal measure, and weaves a tale of morality and mortality that's well worth the price of admission and damage to your psyche you'll take on the trip. Think about it."
,Recommended,282140,29783605,Posted: 8 February,all,Xmeagol [ZF],"Made the mistake of finishing the game drunk, cried like a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198083140597,Recommended,282140,18271597,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Theater Thug,"Original gameplay time: 12.0 hoursSOMA is not only one of the best horror games I have ever played, but it is one of the best games I ever played period. It's a near perfect game complimented by an amazing storyline, fleshed out and memorable characters, a stellar sound design, and horrifying monsters. SOMA was by far the most emotionally intense experience I have ever had in a video game. By all means pick up this live-changing masterpeice of horror!"
,Recommended,282140,18980245,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,"Hogman, The Intruder",This game has been one of the greatest experiences I have ever had within any sort of entertainment medium.If you're a fan of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants whilst being completely engrossed in story and atmosphere... getting this game is a no brainer.
76561198049495939,Recommended,282140,29482381,Posted: 25 January,all,=[PoS]= The Predator of Death,Fisting Simulator
,Recommended,282140,18153441,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,☆Star-Queen☆,"They got the atmosphere right and the sound effects are great. I'm loving the story but the only bad thing is that the monsters aren't all that scary.I mean I can just turn around and look at a wall til they decide to walk away. Besides that, the game is enjoyable so far.8/10"
,Recommended,282140,18154719,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Moonie,"From what I see when you require power in the game: Killing = Power, that's what I see.Despite the fact of screaming like a girl for the smallest of things (Lights turning off, a spark or lights flickering)I love this, thank you Frictional Games for making another amazing game.The atmosphere, being underwater, running from things and getting scared for life, I mean... Who wouldn't want that in a Frictional Game?"
76561198020363186,Recommended,282140,18157358,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pukey,"Decent plot, nice variety of enemies, decent but frustrating puzzles. Overall I liked this game, but I don't see myself replaying it over and over like with Amnesia titles.The Ai has improved very much since Amnesia but it's still overly stupid yet sometimes too smart. For example sometimes enemies can't see you whilst you're behind the chair, yet on other occasions they will chase you down no matter how many turns you took and that you're very far out of sight. Dying and limping for half an hour being stuck on a puzzle is not very amusing either, especially if you're being chased while at it. I think there should be some health regen - even 10% a minute would be great.Not having a journal or at least a proper inventory like in dark descent is really frustrating. At times you have no idea what to do and what the items you picked up are. Quite often the puzzles are also frustrating. The one where you had to put in a number of modules to get information out of the scientist was really frustrating having to try and try over and over again. Or the one where you had to change the antenna to call in transport. Still the puzzles are more entertaining than the ones in Machine for pigs.The maps are designed pretty well but most of them look very much alike and nothing really stands out. I guess you can't make a big variety having to make tunnels all the time.Overall I think that plot and gameplay wise it's far behind the dark descent and far behind machine for pigs in plot and its trully beautiful maps. Don't regret buying it, but I expected a lot more."
,Recommended,282140,25864257,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Kyouma,Great game that makes you reflect on your own life.
,Recommended,282140,18153908,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Sood,"I'm incredibly pleased with the story, both how it was written and the themes explored.I am of the opinion that as a horror game, it fell short. But as a storytelling game, it's phenomenal. Definitely worth the playthrough."
,Recommended,282140,18146379,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Justin The Horse,"I was surprised by the storyline and graphics Frictional Games has created. It doesn't feel like Amnesia or Pnembra. It feels something more modernised and unique.The storyline is alright. Suspense is more than ever. Puzzles are complicated but not impossible. It also makes you wanna hide for your dear life. The audio is crisp, even the radio signals from Catherine is top notch. The atmospheric visuals and audio is crisp and beautiful.A few cons I wanna point out. The in-the-ocean walks are boring and unsatisfying. It's nothing compared to inside the facilities. It's like a ten-minute walk underwater from Point A to Point B. The puzzle were complicated and hard to understand at times. But like I said, it's not impossible.Overall, it's a beautiful, yet terrifying, game. Get it if you're interested with horror games."
,Recommended,282140,23460330,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Cpl. Punishment,"*Boots up Soma*""Aww this doesn't seem too bad, quite enjoying opening drawers and reading post it notes""..........................*10 minutes later*NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE!!!!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!!10/10 would shi* my pants again"
,Recommended,282140,30425628,Posted: 10 March,all,J3ubbleboy,"Dark, creepy, and thought provoking.Shares a lot of similarities in narrative with the Swapper. I loved that the game allows the player to make important decisions that lead me to question what is right and wrong."
76561197971308505,Recommended,282140,24475797,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Swiskon,"This game is really immersive .What makes this game great is how you get sucked in to it. The story and characters are great. The environment is changing through scary, cool, interesting and beautiful.The actual gameplay is mostly walking and running. You have some (like one to be honest) puzzles but they stick out a bit since most of it is straight forward. Sometimes you have too run or hide from “Monsters”. This bit is mostly really scary and good. The sound is amazing and the controller shakes with your heartbeat. It's not perfect though. At two of this areas I mostly just felt annoyed by them. I wanted to explore the area and listen to some records and read logs, but the monster just kept popping up. This made me speed through those areas just so I could be left alone.Talking about listening. It never feels old and boring listening to records here. They are not to many and the reading part is in a amount that feels nice. Walking around in the environments is mostly good but it had some moments where I went in circles before finding a new way to go.As a sum up. If you like scifi-philosophy, horror, both or actually any kind of scifi, then this game is for you. It took me about 9h to finish which I think was a good length for this game.PS: You can play the game on Linux!"
76561197966620466,Recommended,282140,18192502,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,MrWofu,"Pleasantly suprisedThe short and sweet:Buy this gamenow(if you don't mind being pushed towards insanity a little).When first going into this game, I didn't know anything about it; I was just intrigued about the premise: ""A horror game with robots"". There was no hype about it in my circles, and I certainly didn't know that it was made by the same guys as Amnesia.The thing, that really made me love Amnesia, was thedelicioussickness. The scary atmosphere and horribly deformed monsters were just a framework to tell this disgusting story about a man driven to do horrible, horrible things to innocent people. A game like that will stay in your consciousness for a long time, asking questions like ""What would you do, to stay alive? How much of your humanity would you sacrifice, to see another day?"", and if done properly, it will stay in your subconscious mind for the rest of your life.Amnesia accomplished this, and so did SOMA. It will stay with me forever.SOMA explores the concept ofbeeing. What makes youyou? When is a life worth living?Who am I?I really didn't expect the game to go as deep into these concepts, but it did it brilliantly. As you immerse yourself into the protagonist, the game will slowly push you towards a certain realization.As in Amnesia, the creepy atmosphere and scary monsters are just a framework to hold you in the right mindset. The real core of this game is a very depressing, yet beautiful story.When buying this game (again, do it; do itnow), in the worst-case scenario, you will have 7-10 hours of creepy gameplay with good visuals.In the best-case scenario, you will be pushed towards realizing,what you are.Definitely play this. Support these developers."
,Recommended,282140,18192338,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sarcinelli,"Great game, I recommend it!Full review coming later!"
76561198042258787,Recommended,282140,18215497,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sematawy,"A cerebral horror game that explores what it means to be human.  This is not an endless series of jump scares, like much that dominates the horror genre, but rather an intense exploration of a deep sea research facility haunted by humanity.  Despite a slow start, the game lures you into continuing despite the insane amount omnipresent of tension. Frictional Games succeeds in drawing the player into a world that is terrifying not just because what is happening, but what has happened and forces the audience to explore dark existential philosophy.Artfully done that done provides the player with a linear story that can be further fleshed out through exploration - it continually rewards the player for going outside the normal path.  The visuals and audio integrated so that players will often be left wondering whether or not the game is messing with them or if there's actually a monstrosity around the corner.  The controls are smooth, although later in the game there are reports of crashing – I actually had the game crash twice on me.  Nevertheless this is definitely one of the best games of the year and I can’t wait to see more mods added to the game.10/10"
76561198062511285,Recommended,282140,18239943,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,WOLFTSLAYS,"Is SOMA worth your time? The answer is yes!PROSExcellent story, seriously. Very happy with the arcs and ending throughout. LOVED IT.Exceptional voice acting. Loved the voice work for Catherine.Very creepy, unsettling atmosphere. Dread floods over you everytime you open a door.Puzzles were fun and cool to interact with. I found most to be rather easy, which is fine. But there were a few that stumped me for a little awhile. So if you're worried about howhardthe game is, it's not that bad.CONSI might be in the miniority here, but my sytem excels the minimum requirements by a lot, and it auto set everything to ""High."" However, the game does feel poorly optimized, lots of frame drops, stutters, terrible screen tears, some lackluster graphics/textures. Did this hinder my experience? No, not really. I just to adjust a few settings here and there, but would have loved to see it more optimized.Stealth mechanics could have been a lot better. Especially being that the game is primarily about dodging your foes and hiding from them. For example, you can't hide in lockers/closets/under table or desks. I'm sure there is a reason for this but just a small gripe I had. Overall it works and is probably about as good as Amensia: The Dark Descent's mechanics are.SCORE8.75/10Quick ConclusionSOMA was such a refreshing game. Sure, it esentially follows the same formula that Frictional games has always followed. But I found it to be much more rewarding. The story is incredible, I loved the twists they had on it and it has some very heavy moral issues throughout. You're not penalized for anything that you do, but I can't say that I don't feel guilty about some of the actions I did or had to do. And I'm sure you're all wondering...is itscary? Well, yes and no. I couldn't put this in the pros or cons because it's divided, and in a good way. The game is very unsettling, not overally gory, or filled with jumpscares. But the atmosphere is wonderful and lays a deep sense of dread over you. So overall, it has it's moments. Pretty much all of the 2nd half of the game is terrifying, it just takes a little while to get there. I personally thought it was a great balance. However it's not as scary as Frictional games other works, or some other horror games out there. But none of them in my opinion had as cool of a story as this one did. By far myfavoritehorror game to date."
,Recommended,282140,24347328,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,MellowDan,"Maybe SOMA is closer to being a walking simulator than a game, as the term is understood in the conventional sense anyway. It doesn't matter how it's labeled frankly. The smart, ambitious storytelling and themes more than compensate for the simplified gamplay mehcanics. Not doing an intro to the story because it's in the game description when you first loaded the store page.It's a perfect blend of Sci-fi and horror, but it's not as oppressive and scary on a visceral level as Amnesia was. On an intellectual level, however, SOMA is more terrifying than Ameneisa and most others in its genre. Specifically, the questions it asks (or spring in your mind as you progress) and its thematic elements.But SOMA isn't smart or scary just because it asks philosphical questions about consciouness and what it means to be human. Heck, SOMA isn't even the first game to ask those questions. It's because the game forces you to reflect upon those said questions from a dark, uncomfortable perspective you may never thought of using.This is why I think the simplified gamplay mechanics add to game rather than serve as a detriment. It allows your mind to do all the beautiful work of reflection and introspection while the game is tormenting you in depths of ocean hell. And then you employ your stealth or run the **** away and hide here tactics when you do encounter the occasional monster, much like Amensia. Speaking of Amensia (again), if you played thourgh to the end of that game and felt relieved (or umimpressed), SOMA's ending, not to spoil it, will leave a more powerful impact on you, as in your soul and mind.Sound design, storytelling, and detalied environments are top notch, exceptional quality. It's worth full price and your hard earned cash doing whatever."
,Recommended,282140,26240904,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Rooski,"I don't normally do horror games, but man am I glad I made the exception for SOMA. Really enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent even though I could hardly play it for me than 30 minutes at a time alone. SOMA isn't nearly as difficult as Amnesia: much of the enemies can be easily avoided, there's no tricky tinderbox/lamp oil inventory that you have to carefully ration, and the path to the end is pretty straightforward (save for a few areas where the objective isn't that clear). SOMA is still scary as hell in parts, but it never felt like it was too much for me, and I was really able to step into Simon's shoes and feel the drive to want to see the end of the journey as much as he did.SOMA was a life-changing experience that I simply cannot reccomend enough. 10/10 (I would still suggest you wait for a sale since $30 is a lot for a game you can finish in a little over/under 12 hours)"
,Recommended,282140,24091212,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,D0WNF411,"Don't compare this game to Creative Assembly's ""Alien Isolation"" they are two different creatures entirely.Soma does what it's predecessor ""Amnesia"" does not, which is tell a gripping story line with a good script, and believeable voice actors. Add this to a vibrant world with fantastic lighting & sound effects and you've got a beautiful game, however I would not say that it's any scarier than ""Amnesia"" was, still it builds suspense well, and does a good job at making you jump.The puzzles are rather well thought out, they aren't too much of a challenge to frustrate you and yet not easy enough to do with your eyes closed.I loved the storyline and the underlying message within that story. It made me laugh and made me sad, along with scarying me and getting the heart pumping which is of course its intention.If Soma was a book, what a read it would be.All in all I am a happy customer, and if this is a benchmark as to what we can expect from Frictional Games in the future, then I think we can all safely say they have a bright one ahead of them.Bravo!"
,Recommended,282140,21680649,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dragon Ranger,"To this  day, I still regard Xenogears as my favorite game of all time. As a turn based JRPG from the late 90s, it not only delivers a solid, and creative spin to the gameplay, but the story is one of the best ever written, as a brilliant sci-fi masterpiece, centered on theology, psychology, history, science, morality, and humanity. Since the day I finished it, I have always held out hope for a video game to have a story which was as thought-provoking, and inspiring. But, despite some games which were excellently written, nothing ever seemed to quite reach that same level. The kind of story that you ponder over, weeks after finishing the story, still discovering new intricacies, and making you want to seek out theories, and summaries, and commentary. I honestly didn't believe I would find a story in a game, that would ever give me that feeling again.Then, I played SOMA.After hearing numerous people speak on it being a mind bender, and an interesting narrative, I decided it was worth a shot. I enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and A Machine for Pigs, so I knew Frictional Games had a great sense for crafting engaging settings, and stories, as well as a real talent for tapping into territory to make the player feel unsettled, uneasy, and on edge. But going in, I never would have guessed they could create a game which tapped so significantly into deep human emotions, morality, and psychology, that it would invoke those same feelings I got from playing Xenogears, all over again.Like Xenogears, SOMA is still a solid game in the first-person survival horror genre. It has excellent area designs, amazing visuals, and amazing artwork, reminiscent of H.R. Geiger's biomechanical style. The enemies in this game are, for the most part, not overly grotesque. Rather, they are elegantly unnerving, and can cause just as much panic as any enemy in a survival horror game. As the type of game which is focused on the fleeing, and hiding, rather than open combat, this game has excellent pacing, as it has segments in between the threats. In short, you escape an area where an enemy is endlessly hunting for you, to reach an area where there may be some exposition, or a puzzle to solve, or environmental interaction. It breaks up the segments of suspense, and fear, with segments of wonder, or confusion, or character interaction. It makes the horror that much more engaging, because it is surprising when it happens. You don't just run into one enemy after another.The best way I can describe the experience is the gameplay of Amnesia, meets 2001: A Space Odysey, in the world of a cross between Bioshock and Alien. The world of SOMA is absolutely phenomenal. I don't hesitate to say it is one of the best games I have ever played, and without a doubt, an incredibly thought-provoking experience. I will admit that it may not be for everyone.  If you are looking for a more horror-focused game, you would probably be better playing Amnesia, Outlast, or Alien: Isolation. If you particularly interested in story-driven games, SOMA might not be entirely out of the question for you to try, but there is a good deal of story, and dialogue in the game. Ultimately, if you are on the fence about this game, or are a horror game fan looking for something different, or running low on quality horror games to play, I can say that SOMA is definitely worth a shot. Above all else, when you go in, it's best to not know what to expect. For me, it turned SOMA into an instant favorite, an unforgettable game, and a modern classic."
,Recommended,282140,22570519,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,microtonka,"Thank you frictional games for this awesome sci fi experience, eagerly waiting for your future project and please buy this game even if it's on full price, it is totally worth it and  i highly recommend it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,23132115,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,makilakixki,"10/10I've played tons of games. I've read tons of sci-fi books and watched lots of movies. Yet this game is simply one of the best science fiction experiences I've lived.This is not a horror game though. It is scary sometimes, but it is more than  a survival horror game.If you like immersive environments and exploration. If you like games that tell good stories. If you like sci-fi in general and specially those stories that make you doubt about the absolutnes of identity, self-consciousness and existence, this is you game.Thanks Frictional Games."
,Recommended,282140,29913907,Posted: 13 February,all,kaizer0002,This horror game messed me up more than any other I can think of.
76561198101364465,Recommended,282140,28109638,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Bernard,damn synths
,Recommended,282140,18246177,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Dan da Destroyr,"9/10. Awesome game, but little replayability.Pros:-Compelling story-Beautiful Graphics-Sound Design and Voice Acting was spot on-Spooky factor on par with skeletonsCons:-Sometimes the frames drop, probably due to point 2 in Pro category and usually on a transition load where the game reloads all the assets and lighting.-Late game 'monsters' felt 'meh' and more annoying than anything else. Not really a way to play around them or bait them, just brute force it...-Not a whole lot of replayability. ""One and done"" unless there's DLC added in the future (kinda doubt it) or you wanna backseat game while a friend plays it (<- I'd recommend that).Overall:I'd give this game a 9/10. The only short comings were, as stated in the cons, the 'monsters'. The developers made it so multiple monsters reacted differently and had different ways to 'play around them', however they must have lost some of that mojo later into the game since I just had to bellow out a manly scream and charge right past the monsters instead of baiting them or what not (which may have forced me to skip some documents or other neat non-essential story stuff).Other than that complaint though I absolutely love this game. The story was so enthralling from the get-go that I completed this game in just two huge sittings; I just didn't want to turn it off!The story also made you really question the nature of a soul and what it means to be 'alive'. Loved it!Make sure to play this game in the dark too, with a headset for complete immersion. After a while even the eerie silence and just the sound of your own footsteps got unnerving while you're waiting for whatever comes next. A definite ""Worth"" in my book."
,Recommended,282140,27709264,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tony Pepperoni,"Fantastic game. Even if you're not a fan of the ""chased by monsters"" gameplay found in Amnesia, the narrative more than makes up for it. Definitely worth a playthrough!"
,Recommended,282140,18836461,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Grey Moth,"There's not a lot that anyone can divulge about this game without revealing a ton of magnificent plot points, so I'll try to summarize without spoiling this incredible title.This game is intense, and as always, the team that brought the famously popular AMNESIA: The Dark Descent as well as several other horror titles before have mercilessly painted the game in a grim palette that's border-line decadent. The cold, lonely, dripping halls of the under water stations you will tromp about trying to get your bearrings are claustrophobic, horrifyingly lit and look like you've walked into everything right around the time Cthulu decided to get his lazy♥♥♥♥♥out of the bottom of the ocean and wreck the entirety of existence. The silence is deafening, forced to listen old transmissions of a hopeless world that is dead, and where you might honestly be the only sane man left.As the game progresses, you will be presented with many, many moral choices. Though the dialogue is by no means tedious between the protagonist, and his pretty 'assistant' as we'll call her, they discuss a great deal on their concepts of what is life, what is death and what that means to the world around them. You set out in hopes of restoring this assistant's project dubbed the 'ARK', a artifical world where humanity's last dying hope may be to leave behind everything that is human, and take off as nothing but mere data on a little sattellite, roaming the cosmos for thousands of years.As of the time I'm writing this review, I have not yet completed the game. The monsters are masterfully crafted, and every little groan, scream, or perturbed murmuring they make induces nothing but sheer panic. Their appearances are sheer terror, and thanks to the claustrophobia of the dimly lit halls of this station, you will be forced to make some very daring escapes, or cry in a corner while the monster howls at you. The moral choices I discussed are something I can't really reveal without being entirely heavy handed, but suffice to say, if you enjoy thinking and recieving inputs other than your own on the possibilities of 'what is life', you're sure to find yourself staring forlorn and frustrated as you're presented with someone else's life, in a 'what would I want if this was fair'. But none of it is fair.The only negative comments I can make? Well, I'm not sure this engine has been properly stream-lined. It really lieks to eat up resources, and there are parts where I putter along with choppy graphics. The chatter between the protagonist, and 'assistant' are somewhat common place, and if you're looking at this title for the hopes of being utterly alone, I'm afraid you'll be disappointed. She likes to talk when there's no monsters around, and will be in your ear buzzing like a busy bee. But don't worry, if you don't mind the break from screaming and crying she never chirps up when there's real danger present. That, you get to face alone.A absolute classic for the horror genre. And thank God they hit the mark again, it seems the AMNESIA team quickly come to save the day before this genre becomes all hallway shooters with spooky scary zombie mutations."
76561198312713347,Recommended,282140,24429070,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mister Jawson,"Let me start off by saying I have never played the Amnesia series, but after experiencing SOMA it's safe to say I am a lot more inclined to do so now.Developed by Frictional Games, SOMA is a sci-fi psychological horror that puts you in the shoes of a Simon Jarrett. After a brain teaser of a prologue (pardon the pun) you find yourself in a research facility at the bottom of the ocean known as PATHOS-II. It isn't long before you soon realise that something terrible has happened here, it is then you embark on a journey to not only unravel how this event came to pass but to find a way to escape the inevitable despair that lurks in the shadows.Whilst the game-play is by no means revolutionary I still thoroughly enjoyed playing it. For the majority of the game you will be exploring the vast, highly detailed facility and its connected stations. Uncovering and piecing together the remnants of this forsaken place through the use of audio logs and terminals scattered around, traversing the ocean bed floor in order to reach your next objective and so on. Although I did enjoy the scenery I do feel some of the exploration, specifically the long ocean walk segments did become a little repetitive towards the end but this didn’t hinder my overall enjoyment. The rest of the game is made up of monster encounters and puzzles that obstruct your path and must be completed in order to progress. Personally the monster encounters were possibly some of my favourite moments of SOMA, the designs of these AI controlled creatures were horrific alone but being trapped in a small area, in the dark, defenceless, had me on the edge of my seat the entire time. As for the puzzles there were some highs and lows. Interacting with a person’s consciousness and manipulating their reality via computer in order to obtain needed information, that I find to be interesting, but flipping a few switches in a specific order to summon transportation isn’t that engaging to be honest but they did add some variation to the game-play.Where SOMA really shines is in its storytelling, from the opening scene to the end credits I was captivated. It’s been quite awhile since a games story has grabbed me the way SOMA has, if I’m being honest I’d go as far to say since the original BioShock which happens to be one of my favourite games of all time. The concepts that Frictional explores such as the relationship between the body and the mind, artificial intelligence and so forth is something I find fascinating and the way they are implemented into the story is simply genius.VerdictNo game is perfect and SOMA isn’t I can assure you but what Frictional have crafted is something more than a game, it’s an experience. The mechanics are decent at best and there are some repetitive moments but it’s compelling and engaging story, exceptional writing, outstanding voice acting and memorable intense monster encounters all come together to create a superb horror experience that should be played by all horror fans alike."
,Recommended,282140,18194320,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Riley de la Croix,"SOMA is a step in a fantastic direction for Frictional Games. Since Amnesia, the games may have lost some of their fear inducing monsters and scream causing enviroments, but it is a rivetting story and a maddening emotional ride from start to finish. The voice acting is A+, delivering as much immersion as possible. The enviroment is meticulously crafted and jaw dropping, a truly believable sci-fi world beneath the sea. The plot is top notch, as Frictional's story writers deliver one of the greatest and thought-provoking science fiction tale I've ever seen in any media. My one true gripe is that it feels as if the 'monsters' that Frictional tries to cram into their games detracts from the story a bit, ocassionally forcing you to skip through levels faster than you would normally. I would have preferred only scripted monster moments for plot reasons, rather than tedious monster dodging through narrow halls. It became less a scare and more a nuisance. What made Amnesia great was the fear, but what makes Soma great is the story. Frictional games proves with Soma that they could easily deliver the greatest written atmospherical games on the market without relying on scares, and still sell.Regardless, I give Soma the prestigious 10/10 for a near perfect horror game, and a perfect as hell sci-fi story that will stick with you forever, and will make you forever question our existance."
,Recommended,282140,24964963,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Leonhard Euler,A masterfully-made story-rich spooky scifi game that predicts how google will corrupt humanity.
,Recommended,282140,20263672,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SiNGUL4RiTY,"Probably the best horror games I played in 2015, crushing atmosphere combined with clever story telling. I liked Amnesia a lot but the whole stetting of Soma is just more of my taste."
76561198134565642,Recommended,282140,18519634,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,velkito,"I am not one for adventure games or horror games, but I had to get that after the blog I follow regularly (shamusyoung dot com) praised it as ""not very scary, but a great science fiction"". And this is very much true. I'd recommend it to other people not good at or not enjoying adventure games or scary games, since both parts are handled well."
,Recommended,282140,21696594,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,WarezWaldo,"A genuine science fiction story at its best; thought provoking, mind expanding and fantastical. This is the game Ken Levine wishes he could make, one that explores ideas and themes without tacking on gameplay systems that conflict or muddle the story and atmosphere. That said, the actual gameplay of hiding from enemeies is the weakest part of the game, even though it did build up some nice tension at times."
,Recommended,282140,18832536,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mr. Bubbles,If you're into story driven first person exploration with horror elements and an immense amout of atmosphere. SOMA is an incredible experience to dive into. With interesting puzzles and powerful decisions to make along the way. Definately a memorable experience!
76561198116131373,Recommended,282140,24308878,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Shepherd,"I bought this game shortly after it came out.I gave up on this game halfway through it.(Theta)Then one of my favorite streamers, Russ_Money, played through some of it and I decided to give it another go.I am glad I did.Amnesia is has a lot more horror elements to it while SOMA is more narratively focused. Story driven games are my favorite kind of games, so that works out for me. The game pulls a BioShock Infinite. Your choices ultimately don't matter in the end; so, The choices only matter to you as a person. I am glad they did this with this game and had one ending because otherwise, it would have been really tedious to play through again to get a different ending.It's a solid 8/10 game.Time to play through some custom stories!"
76561197970273372,Recommended,282140,18218342,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Ultramoose,"Phenomenal sci-fi horror with a great storyline. The environments and atmosphere are beautiful and immersive. They've achieved an interesting blend of awe & creepiness, with lovely scenery juxtaposed with despair and monsters.I just wish that people like these would go and make a TV series out of this kind of thing, many of my non-gamer friends would love this."
,Recommended,282140,22442199,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Shin,"Really good game, can't sum it up more than that in the end...But I suppose I could go into detail on why I say this much.Great graphics, it's on par with many of the other games I've played. But in the end, it's the story that's getting to me. By that, I mean I'm not even at the end yet. Honestly, it's good enough that I feel like tabbing out of the game just to write a review on how much I enjoy it, so that other people will buy it and give it a try as well. But the story of this game... Simply wonderful, something I'll remember for years to come. The monsters in this game, while not completely terrifying as some people say they are, are brilliant as well. But then again, I didn't buy this game to try it for the monsters. I mean, you could completely remove them (I believe there's a mod to cause them to not attack) and still love this game.If you honestly don't believe me, give it a try... You won't regret it, unless you're not one for horror stealth games with brilliant stories. I mean, if that doesn't interest you, then I don't know why you're looking at the reviews anyways; it's posted everywhere on the game.But in the end, I got 2 copies of this game. I wanted to gift it to a friend, I'm sure that speaks wonders for how much I recommend it."
,Recommended,282140,26282955,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BASED Justice(OUT OF TOWN),"Who am I, and what have i become?"
,Recommended,282140,22789909,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Nesatzuke,"WAU... Just, WAU..."
,Recommended,282140,19325648,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bob Dolan,"Great game, fun experience, I recommend more of an interesting story than a spooky scary game in my opinion, but I recommend regardless."
,Recommended,282140,18502020,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,creitve,"I'm so so happy now and would have gladly payed more than the price. In these years overabundant with new titles, this one is a rare example of narrative and gameplay cohesiveness, and truly a masterpiece of sound and environment design. The «Horror» tag doesn't do it much good, for it is first and foremost an atmospheric science fiction with only occasional shivers down your spine and trousers. I recommend having it in your collection."
,Recommended,282140,27057809,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jager,"""I THINK, THEREFORE I AM"""
,Recommended,282140,21349380,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Manicroyalty,"Truly, this game is such a masterpiece my words aren't enough. The less you know about the story or setting before playing it makes it so much better experience."
,Recommended,282140,18281993,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Neuman,"An amazing horror themed story/narrative driven game. While it focuses less on the survival horror aspect and a lot more on the story, it can still give you a couple fo scares. It left me feeling completely depressed and empty once I was finished with my playthrough. Recommend this to anyone who liked Amnesia."
76561197981578067,Recommended,282140,23961420,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RemingTRON,"One of the best games I have playing in a long, long time.  A must for any horror game fans."
,Recommended,282140,26791285,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sherry Khanny,"A very good tense, atmospheric, horror game, with a story that's very twisted, but also very original. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,20127201,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hatsen,"I've often been asked what my favourite game of 2015 is, and well guys... It's SOMA.This is a psychological horror done right, by the creators of Amnesia and Penumbra, the horror legends. The game have mechanics that could pretty much ""kill off"" your old classic first person point and click type game, the way you can manipulate with every object in the game makes it feel much more alive.The story is amazing so is the sounds, and the gameplay. I can't recommend SOMA enough, this is a milestone in the gaming history."
,Recommended,282140,18213298,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,FuzzyMelox,"10/10I can honestly say that it was by far one of the best games i´ve played - Incredibly story rich, absolutely fantastic graphics and a stunning attention to detail!If Amnesia, Bioshock and Deadspace had a threesome; this would be it."
,Recommended,282140,19762603,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mark Z,"Very tense, very engaging story.  As a fan of the developer from Penumbra through Amnesia, I had high hopes and they were met.  Much better than A Machine for Pigs."
76561197962466877,Recommended,282140,18298396,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,draC,"What is time? What is life? What are cheetos? What are doritos? This game literally made me sit back in my chair, look at my two hands, and wonder if all of it was real or not.  Would contemplate exsistance again. Real/Real"
76561197971159263,Recommended,282140,27554268,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Flick E. Ring,Awesome horror game. I love the underwater walking parts. Prepare to discover the changed world and the horrors that lies beneath the ocean. Also raises a queston ''what makes us human and what is life?''
,Recommended,282140,29083287,Posted: 7 January,all,Cryptor!,"About the Game:The Story:The main protagonist Simon Jarrett survived a car crash that killed his friend Ashley Hall.He's suffering a permanent brain damage and after some time he agreed to try an experimaental treatment that involves a brain scan.A Doctor named David Munshi is responsible for Simon Jarrett and the brain scan.Munshi told him to drink Tracer Fluid before attending to the scan. After Simon arrived at ""PACE Laboratories""  in Downtown and he noticed that the office is closed for remodelling and he can't see anybody at the front desk.He takes a look around and tries to find a way into David Munshi's Office to get the treatment. After some time he found the backdoor code to see David Munshi.Munshi told Simon that it won't hurt to take a brain scan and he said it's like ""taking a photo"" so nothing special. Munshi started the scan and a bright flash was showing up and everything went dark. After some time , Simon woke up again but he don't know where he is.........i won't tell you more.Pro´s & Con´sPro:+ Survival Horror at it's finest !+ Great Sounds overall footsteps , environment , water etc+ The Story is just great and lets you think about it+ The Characters are convincingly ( a huge amount of personalities and background stories )+ great voice acting+ No Weapons or self-defense+ The Graphics are pretty good overall+ You're feeling lonely....+ cool enemy typesCons:- The animations are kinda clunky- no quicksave / loadConclusion:At the End i really love that game and im going to play it definetely again. It´s a Game where you have to sit down , relax and enjoy the Story.Some decisions i made were really bad as iv´e noticed. A Story about two Friends seeing each other after 5 Years without a contact to have an adventure that might unravel some dark events behind the beautiful town Arcadia Bay.Be ready to become part of a story that is going to let you think one more about your final decision!"
,Recommended,282140,23519753,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Quoth the Raven,"Fantastic, like a movie with so many feelings- not the least of which being fear and sadness; yet a lingering hope you will all be left with."
,Recommended,282140,22564832,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,margrave16,Probably my favorite game of 2015.
,Recommended,282140,23460638,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SirTurdle,"I will be avoiding any spoilers, because this game really should be experienced blind.I actually hated this game because im easily scared and a lot of the times you cant ""avoid"" a monster you are going to HAVE to aggro a few of them sometimes, mainly because there is only ONE desk throughout the entire game you can hide under to avoid the monster (And its towards the end of the game too).But the story and atmosphere just made me keep playing this game.  Even though the actual horror aspect can be annoying, i dont recommend playing with the wuss mod (No monster attacks) just because i feel like it takes something away from the game. The monsters kindof tie in to why you are doing what you do.  It influences your feelings throughout the game and the actions you will take (You have lots of choices in this game. I dont believe they influence anything in game, but they give you something to think about)And for people who actually are horror fans, each monster has their own unique look, and (for the most part) all have different ways of how they detect you.Overall this game really is a must buy even if you hate horror games. Its something that really takes your breath away and makes you think.LIGHT SPOILERS AHEAD (Monster related)Some of the monsters know where you are all the time, you cant avoid them. Also sometimes	 you are going to intentionally get caught so if it seems unfair its probably scripted."
,Recommended,282140,18386346,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Regn,LOVED IT
76561198061795630,Recommended,282140,18434457,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Unicorn Scrotum,"I wish I could erase Soma from my memory so I could play it again and experience everything like I did for the first time. And do the same once finished.This game really is amazing. I would and have recommended this game to pretty much anyone who plays games and enjoys some form of horror. The story is my favourite part of this game, which is really well presented and most of it isn't forced on you if you aren't really that interested or don't fully understand what's going on. Even a week or so after finishing the game I'm still thinking about it, and probably will do for a long time still. The more you understand the story, the better the game becomes. As for the horror, countless times this game has caused me to Alt-Tab for some time to build up my courage before playing again.The GNU/Linux version works really well, though three or more times throughout playing the game crashed randomly without any obvious cause (remember the kill -9 [pid] terminal command if this does happen!).Minor spoilers below.The monster encounters that you would expect from Amnesia: The Dark Descent don't happen straight away. You are exposed to a couple of easier monsters at first before properly moving onto the horror. And about the teleporting monsters, there is one that does this intentionally, the others not so much."
,Recommended,282140,18351627,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Moly Hackeral,"Other than needing patience for lacklustre monster AI, it's a great game that I would recommend for horror game players."
76561197993206389,Recommended,282140,18652057,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,kamih,"Excellent horror/sci-fi game!Great atmosphere throughout.Excellent sound design.Original, interesting story and characters.Some scary parts, but less scary than Dark Descent.Definitely recommended if you liked Alien Isolation and Dark Descent."
76561197962825142,Recommended,282140,18814737,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,lofi.samurai,"Really a fantastic game for the first half. Philosophical sci-fi horror with incredible atmosphere.A great balance between puzzle game and interactive story.At the 50% mark it turns into a generic stealth horror game. ""We need to enable machine Z but first find parts X and Y while avoiding the scary things."" If you're keen on repeating that type of fright, this game is for you."
76561197970553823,Recommended,282140,18685502,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,RoachMojo,"Wow, what can I say? This game was simply amazing. I felt like I was a participant in a brilliantly solid science fiction/horror indie film, and I didn't want it to end, but I also prayed for it to end before I lost my nerve to play...But I HAD to know what was going on...I had to know...and now I cannot wait for the next Frictional game."
76561198088131989,Recommended,282140,18629059,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Auragazer,"I am not someone who likes horror games that much, but I did happen to play a bit of Amnesia and I instantly felt like I was immersed in the game due to the atmosphere. Frictional Games know how to make horror games scary, and they know how to set a scene. With SOMA I was fascinated as it took on the sci-fi genre (Which I love) and combined it with their iconic elements (Knowing how to make an atmosphere immersive). SOMA is absolutely amazing, I was completely immersed in the gameplay, and interested in the story so much that I was constantly at the edge of my seat (Which made monsters getting me even more scary!). The game took me about 10 hours to complete, and it was absolutely worth it. I would reccomend this to people who play horror games, sci-fi games, or just anyone interested in immersive gameplay and amazing story.9.5/10 Perfect in my book"
76561198085062720,Recommended,282140,18583471,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Darth Vader,Disturbing atmosphere and beautifly complex campain. A must have
,Recommended,282140,18626827,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Miszlamas,"Just finished this game last night.What can I say...Wow.Wow...This game was incredible.For me, I was absolutely in love with Amnesia: The Dark Descent. I played Amnesia SO many times.I love horror and psychological thrillers with a little bit of puzzles thrown in.SOMA has an incredibly interesting story and concept. Frictional Games did a DAMN good job on this one.The atmosphere was creepy and dark, just as expected. The monsters were intensely creepy. I couldn't help but scream when they were around. They literally made my skin crawl.But SOMA's story is what drew me in.I won't spoil anything, but that ending was PERFECT. So perfect, I literally cried my heart out.Well done, Frictional Games. Money definitely well spent.I LOVE this game. HIGHLY RECOMMEND."
76561198032417877,Recommended,282140,18239861,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,robbobert,"Even after the disappointment of Machine for Pigs, I was really excited for SOMA to be released, and it hasn't disappointed so far. Equal parts ""surprisingly cool sci-fi concept"" and ""crap your pants with fear horror game,"" it's really been a blast to play through. Definite recommendation if you enjoyed the first Amnesia or are just a general fan of the genre.Pros-Frictional Games is back to doing what they do best -- scaring the crap out of you.-Great setting-Thick atmosphere-Great sound direction-Great enemy design-Surprisingly cool sci-fi concept-Mod support just like in Amnesia. Neat!Cons:-Finding the freaking tracer. Put the tracer in the fridge, not your freakin' desk drawer, ya dingus.-Some puzzles are a little too clever for their own good-Little to no direction on what to do next/how to do it leads to some unintentionally dull stretches-Enemy behavior can be a bit predictable, so some of the scariness is lost at times."
,Recommended,282140,18349634,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,you ever just fuck plastic?,"M8 THIS GAME IS SO GOOD, great story, great scares (no jump scares, relies on atmosphere, story and suspense), super interesting lore + monster design + level design, really good, favorite game by frictional, 9/10"
76561198038827783,Recommended,282140,18914058,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Niruth,"This game is amazing. I was waiting for Frictional Games to release this for so long, and it sure did not disappoint!It's actually scary, so many people nowadays say ""not scary"" to literally every horror game there is, I'd say this is simply because these people are *too* used to horror games from either playing too often or watching others play them too often. Also these people needs to sit in dark rooms with headphones at midnight, not outside on their balcony in the middle of the day.Just because YOU didn't find something scary, that doesn't mean others will feel the same.Anyways:*The story and everything is perfect, and it leaves you thinking a bunch about life. Lot's of lore stuff everywhere!*Graphics looks great!*The ambience/atmosphere/setting is beyond perfect, deep underwater abandoned stuff, creepy dark hallways etc.*Controls works great and the game has full controller support, but I would personally recommend playing with a keyboard.*It's scary. The amount of times I've gotten myself some tickets to NOPETOWN are beyond measure at this point...*Mod support!!-I've heard the game isn't optimized too well, so I'd say you should make sure your computer handles the game before grabbing it.If you enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, this game is definitely for you. You probably won't find it as scary as Amnsia, but this is still very good. SOMA is definitely an improvement from Frictional Games previous games, and I'm strongly looking forward until their next horror game since this one was on-point!"
,Recommended,282140,18859369,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,나리공주,"Very atmospheric and scary game!Has a nice soundtrack, great sound design, and the game has a good balance between horror and exploration/puzzle solving so you don't get overwhelmed with one thing or the other!The story is also quite interesting to follow as you move along in the game, explaining what happened with you and the world!There's also a healthy variety of monsters in the game, that will keep you on your toes all the time!There were parts where I screamed so much my throat started to hurt.. Think I woke up my neighbors too at one point. >_<;"
76561197999290993,Recommended,282140,20645047,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,root676,"The best Horror-SCIENCE-FICTION game I have ever played! Why the caps-lock in science fiction? Because it is not the horror that makes this game special - it is it's thrilling and complex sci-fi story that makes you question your own existence and forces you into ethnical dilemmas. For this title it is more than appropriate to quote Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥on the first screen of a freshly started game: ""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away""."
,Recommended,282140,20785024,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,deez,Very enjoyable game.
76561197975201338,Recommended,282140,22576048,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,pcacton,"Single ? Divorced ? live on your own? ... or just partner out for the night.... ?...do your self a favour, shut all the doors when u play this alone...you will check behind you, and u will be unsettled if you play with headphones on and lights out... Its grossly atmospheric, so much so u can almost hear it sucking you in !  Well done frictional, this is intense and beautifully crafted and the pinnacle of your journey so far...very impressed.Recommended"
,Recommended,282140,30272115,Posted: 1 March,all,PSYONIC,Do you like hyperventilating while solving complex multi-step problems? Do you enjoy games that make you feel helpless and entirely without hope? Do you like crouching for minutes on end watching a horrifying mountain of flesh and cybernetics move near you in near complete darkness? Then this is the game for you! Game play is simple but polished. Storytelling and voice acting is way above average. Environments are macabre and beautiful. A must by for science fiction and horror fans.
76561197973402038,Recommended,282140,21035262,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,bara,"wow! Finished it in two sessions, was total fun (and very scary). Can totaly recommend it. It defenetly gets on my top-games shelf. I won't spoil anything, so you will have to trust me. If you liked system shock, bioshock or amnesia, this is totaly for you."
,Recommended,282140,18582451,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Great Schism,"Wow, Whenever Frictional Games makes a horror game you know it's going to be a good one. Forget all those ill thoughts that occur when you think of machine for pigs, that was Chinese room sponsered by Frictional to make a sequel that in all honesty should have been a standalone game. But this is about Soma and boy did it impress. Imagine a scifi with a rather cold opening and enough atmosphere to really have you invested. If you haven't purchased this or heard of this beauty after all the countless youtuber let's plays that i'm sure have occured, than just know it deserves to be picked up and played. Also if you are a fan of Amnesia: the dark descent just know this, although this isn't similar in atmosphere, monsters, or setting, in Soma you can pick up, interact with, and touch everything, just like Amnesia.EDITI forgot to mention that modding is laid out for all to use in the steam workshop. All connected and easily accessable, is a new modding community that have been trying new things and releasing practice mods. So you don't have to go to any other websites for your mods, unless of course you prefer to. Soon enough as more people gain interest there will be countless mods with a strong community for Soma, similar to how it was for Amnesia."
76561198041001120,Recommended,282140,18175822,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Unknownpony,10/10.The story is really well written and the progress of your characters and feels this game makes is just WOW.Worth every penny you will spend on it. Could be a little longer though :P
76561198008325037,Recommended,282140,19381051,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,enzYm,"SOMA gets a 9/10and is the second best Survival Horror game I have ever played.To me it contains the best story of all videogames I know of.The heart of this game (as stated) is it's fantastic story which I absolutely love. The core of it and the way in which it is told are fascinating. I recommend playing this game at least once just for the story. To me it was absolutely worth its money and if you are into deep psychological stories this game is a MUST HAVE.Puzzle mechanics are very fun to solve and feel reasonable and fitting for this games universe.There are some parts that make no sense or are ultimately pointless and felt like plot holes but as a whole it was very enjoyable if you can forgive some minor futile mistakes.The reason this game does not score a 10/10 and therefore beeing the best Survival Horror game (to me) is due to it's very lazy gameplay mechanics. Compared to ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" (a game also made by Frictional Games) it was a very big step back considering gameplay. Discovering areas is without reward and hiding mechanics are basically pointless for the first 4 hours. The entire stealth mechanic consists of you crouching behind boxes in dark areas. The ""pick something up and throw it somewhere to create distraction"" idea is not working at all and therefore pointless and misguiding. Hiding in lockers or boxes (which would seem reasonable) is not implemented at all (unlike in Amnesia) so it comes down to just hiding in the dark behind stuff. That's not much and the stealth sections are a little boring due to that lack of options.Sound design + music + voice acting are fantastic and to me easily one of the very best you can find in any videogame.Graphics are good, nothing extremely special but they look fine and capture the dark atmosphere of this game.Your first playthrough will take you roughly from 6 to 10 hours so it falls a little short in my opinion.!!!SPOILER!!!But the part that hurts me the most is that even with all this good/evil decisions you have to make during the entire game there are no multiple endings and absolutely no replay value despite having this amazing potential...The one ending itself is very good though and I absolutely love every thing about it, just hurts seeing all this potential wasted."
76561198005708745,Recommended,282140,18807572,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,╰ ℕoVuS ╮,Haven't been this scared since I played the Alien: Isolation last year_   :PStart the game > scared > turn off the game > exciting > start the game again_
,Recommended,282140,21002601,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Schwang Leei,"One of the best games I have ever played.Also, watch the movie ""The Prestige"" before you play this game."
76561197994548680,Recommended,282140,19491166,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Akumajō Dragula,"No surprises gameplay-wise considering its pedigree: avoid horrid monsters with an arsenal of hiding, staying completely still and trying not to do anything too stupid. Perhaps not quite as holyshit scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and certainly not as challenging.It is, however, a much better whole. Thought-provoking, well-paced and atmospheric as the dickens. Strongly recommended to horror fans whose favorite SF movie is ""Alien"" and SF fans whose favorite horror movie is ""Alien."""
,Recommended,282140,19588352,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DL_Drill.NB,"SOMAis a horror game created byFrictional Gameswho are also responsible forAmnesia: The Dark Descent. You play as Simon throughout the game, who not only brings up someveryinteresting speculations and perspectives on life, but also brings us a sort of humanity in a otherwise dark and murderous world.The character design is very smoothly done and I often caught myself speculating about something Simon said - my thoughts would run off to a wild track very often, into speculations entirely different to the game.Though the sound design and ambience isverywell done, there are some things about the visuals that bother me- such as the map design. Youcanandwillfind minor map glitches/imperfections in the maps, which can in some cases ruin the immersion.Some of the special things about this game, is how open it is to modding. The game has some extremely open source files that, does not only allow players to mod it, but also to find some very interesting files in there - Ihighly suggestyou take a look in the game directory some time..The ending is not very perfectly executed though, the way it's performed makes the game seem very unfinished/rushed to me, which frustrates me a lot. The ending leaves a pretty bad impression on the game and I think they could have redesigned it, or at least given it some more thought.Before I take off here, I quickly want to mention the stability - I crashed an unbelieveble amount of times during my gameplay, just on one day, I crashed over 12 times. This might be my computer, but I would be interested to hear if anyone else is experiencing this.Story 8/10Soundtrack 9/10Atmosphere 9/10Scenery 7/10Characters 9/10Graphics 8/10Stability 5/10Overall 8/10Notjusta horror game"
,Recommended,282140,19673245,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,cat-party,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561197987686115,Recommended,282140,19511349,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Akamus,"Though a bit confusing at times getting around that confusion is half the fun, even if it pisses me off sometimes XP."
,Recommended,282140,19360330,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Keen,one of the most amazing games I've ever played
,Recommended,282140,19453719,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Jared,"I bought this game to get scared. I ended it needing therapy, not because it was scary, but because it broke me."
76561197971160002,Recommended,282140,19489072,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kamawan,"I've played Frictional's previous games, and I've still never played anything like this. The first game I could ever describe as ""Harrowing"". By the end I was literally questioning my own existence. It is utterly, utterly grim.Don't even think about the money, it'll be worth it. Get some good headphones and a dark room.One of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,282140,19366666,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Vimn,There's an enemy that has his♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hanging out and he runs over and kills you if you look at  him. Would recommend. - Only takes like 10 hours to beat though.
,Recommended,282140,19376678,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jalli⚜,This game is about hopes and dreams and their slow painful death.
,Recommended,282140,19382524,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Narsil101,The only game that has made me wonder if ending the life of a character is something I should do.10/10
,Recommended,282140,18421400,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,"Great Game. Really Immerses you into the setting of the game. If you enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, you will definately enjoy this game."
,Recommended,282140,18885674,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Laser Dolphin,"Absolutely phenomenal game. Frictional Games is best known for 3 things so I'll rank these here: Horror, Puzzles, and Story.8/10 HorrorNot the scariest game ever, but it had very unique ways of building atmosphere and tension and it could scare you in unique ways other than simple jump scares; certainly a unique horror game in terms of its mechanics and story.5/10 PuzzlesPuzzles weren't challenging, and despite being able to pick up everything, you will almost always know what objects are useless to you, and which ones will help you complete a puzzle.11/10 StoryThis game is not only an amazing narrative, but a thought experiment about what it means to be alive, and what it means to be conscious. Many philosophical and ethical issues are presented in the game in interactive ways that really get you to think about your actions.The story is very subtle and easy to miss as it is not shoved in your face. Story is delivered mostly in the form of written notes scattered about, emails on computers, and ""memories"" stored in corpses. There are many interconnected story lines involving many different characters; they are gradually revealed as you progress in the game. All of them culminate to deliver an absolutely amazing ending."
,Recommended,282140,19167303,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SmallTownCityMan,"The best horror game in 2015.  This game has it all: great audio, great dialog and voice acting, beautiful graphics, and some pretty memorable challenges.  The game isn't very difficult once you get the hang of it.  The only downside is the lack of replay value, a very common caveat in single player horror games.  However, unlike some, the price is good for a well-made 9 to 10 hour game."
,Recommended,282140,21135264,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,-maestropan-,"Just the right amount of creepy without making me reluctant to play--the 2-hit health mechanic allows experimentation not found in earlier Frictional games and makes progress easier. It's a story that will stick with you, a rabbit hole of intrigue. The only con is lack of VR support."
,Recommended,282140,18356302,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Loathe,"[This review contains no spoilers]If you want a good pyschological horror that builds on atmosphere and story, look no further.Nope, no jump scares.Some knowledge of philosophy (well, existentialism mostly) and how consciousness works will help you,but it isn't needed.It doesn't rely on Lovecraft type of dread, which was a surprise to me.Anyway...Play with headphones, in the dark, without distractions.Enjoy it. Best horror game since Alien:Isolation.9/10"
,Recommended,282140,20801995,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Reino,"Story is interesting and surprising. Definately a must have for horror fans. Horror in game doesn´t mean there are jump-scare after a jump-scare. Well, maybe once or twice. The game crawls under your skin through mystery and unknown."
76561198209610371,Recommended,282140,20636502,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Prototrobe,This game will make you question everything!
,Recommended,282140,21358710,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ant,"Excellent game! I got nightmares from playing this game (kidding, but it didn't help when I played before bedtime). I really enjoyed Amnesia, so it made sense for me to buy this game and play it. Definitely give this game a try ! Great job from the creators!"
76561198063950904,Recommended,282140,18421069,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,pennyvise,"This game honestly blew me away. First you pay $30 for a game and it's finished. Then the story is amazing and has much depth as you want to spend on it.  This is not a game for the FPS crowd but more of a super trippy interactive movie.  Very good game, very polished.  Thank you."
,Recommended,282140,22042524,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,J0kk3 - 尤克,Don't think I ever played a game or read a book with a better story than this game. A shame that its not as scary as it could have been.All in all a must have!
76561198040299855,Recommended,282140,18282290,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Brahmann,"I had high expectations from SOMA, and it did not disappoint in the slightest. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,25238199,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,notshurly,"As one of those people who has the misfortune of not being scared by movies, books, and most games, SOMA took me on a journey I thought I'd never experience.I honestly can't praise this game enough. The total helplessness this game made me feel and the gut-wrenching panic I felt running from those awful creatures was so new and so refreshing to me. Mechanics aside, this game has such a beautifully immersive story line that left me wondering how I’ve felt about the ending for days.Wordy bullhonkey aside, this game is good. Thumbs up. Will play again. Already working on cosplay for various in-game monsters. Anxiously awaiting sequel and/or DLC. Googling lore and fan theories in free time."
76561198075204834,Recommended,282140,25282107,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,millennium_night,"I picked this one up hoping for a great story, and boy, did it deliver! The game's audio and lonely environments set the mood perfectly. Occasional monsters, which seemed more bizarre than horrific, ensure that the player does not race through the levels and their presence contributes to the constant feeling of dread. I was positively surprised by the diversity of the environments; props always helped tell the story and never felt random. I also liked the aspect of confronting the player with some moral issues, which lead to several plot twists.I found the game to be very enjoyable throughout with only very few moments in which I was stuck trying to figure out how to progress. Definitely recommended for people who liked the Amnesia games or similar and for those who love a strong narrative experience."
,Recommended,282140,19184187,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Grim Gravy,"A horror sci-fi combination of Bioshock, Dead Space and Amnesia. Not bad, but I've played scarier games. I'd say it's way scarier than Penumbra, but not as scary as Outlast or Amnesia. Had a few good jump scares.Time to beat: about 11 hours for me.Played with keyboard and mouse. Easy to control.Bugs: fell through the floor once and had to revert to a previous auto save. Thankfully!!!!!Story: I enjoyed the story. It was satisfying and made sense. I won't spoil it for you.Motionsickness factor: I managed to keep my dinner down. :)Would I recommend it? YES! Absolutely!!! It was really fun to play!"
,Recommended,282140,18923106,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Grim,"Amazing game that makes you question what it means to be human. If you're looking for a story driven game that focuses primarily on a rich story line and immersive environment then this is your game.Pros-In depth and wonderfully crafted environment and atmosphere.-Well written story.-While being a frightening game at times, it does not rely heavily on jump scares.-Makes you think deep thoughtsCons-Limited replay ability-Makes you think deep thoughtsIf you're interested in seeing some gameplay and reactions, feel free to watch the following videos:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anMNCbAGL_M"
,Recommended,282140,20140896,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,peeinstrong,"Brilliant. Phenominal. These indie games nowadays are blowing my mind.This is my first delve into a Frictional game, so I wasn't entirely prepared for what was in store for me. Now, people say that the horror in this game is toned down a bit compared to Anmesia: the Dark Decent, but I haven't yet had the pleasure of that experience (it's in my library, the hype around it has me too scared to press 'play') --but holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game has moments that are pure nightmare fuel!Horror not really your thing? Too bad. But on the other hand, this game features one of the best sci-fi stories in a video game that I've had the enjoyment of playing. Not only that, but it's part of a roller-coaster ride one would expect from a AAA game, by a ""blank-check"" kind of company.The graphics? Detailed to the extreme. Combined with the (I herald) KING of sound design, with head-phones on and the lights out, you will be hard-pressed not to be sucked into this incredably dense atmosphere.Graphics? Check. Sound? Big Check. Story? Two boldchecks. Controls? I played with a controller just fine--check.So what's bad? Well, that would be the monst--no, you know what? I liked the monsters. As long as you take your time with them, be patient with them, you will work through them. Admittedly, there are portions where the monsters became a nuisance, but hell, they're supposed to be that way. Some of them are down right horrifying, but as long as you can figure out their ""trick"" they are very managable.So, to anyone actually reading this: buy this game. Play this game.Experience. This. Game."
76561198028494641,Recommended,282140,23312273,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kevem🎃,"Dear Frictional Games,Never stop making horror games. Especially with custom story's  °_°"
,Recommended,282140,22538844,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Aworumaton,I filled one difficult survey...
,Recommended,282140,23936030,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Relenzo,An artistic acheivement in science-fiction and interactive cinema.
,Recommended,282140,23938852,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,偽ツンデレ,"Great game: good ambience, characters, story, gameplay. The puzzles are enjoyable and have quite the variation. The robot buddy is Companion Cube 2.0.I had some lighting issues for the first part of the Abyss, but that was probably a local issue."
76561198310681513,Recommended,282140,23693032,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Nicolas,"Great story. The immersion was excellent (to the point of feeling depressed).Gameplay is NOT the focus. If you want gameplay and hate story in games, don't even bother."
76561198039912497,Recommended,282140,23715760,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Doctor Plok,"A rich, original narrative with a delightfully haunting science-ficiton setting, bolstered with quality voice acting and some decent monster evasion action. The story is wonderfully told and more profound than most video game offerings - a real treat for Sci-fi fans. The design of the monsters both aesthetically and mechanically was interesting enough to keep the encounters varied. The environments explored are wonderfully detailed.My only real complaint is on a technical level - was a bit of a chore trying to get this game to run at a stable frame-rate despite being way above the recommended specs. Also suffered from noticeable stuttering that I managed to get under control with third-party software and the game froze a handfull of times too."
,Recommended,282140,22655515,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,KyleWF,A game that I would be more then happy to play over and over again...-10/10 ign
,Recommended,282140,18233259,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,II Echo II,I really liked this game! I just finished it and i highly recomand it! But the ending could be better.
76561198022289789,Recommended,282140,18474570,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Broddan ⍨,Wery god
,Recommended,282140,24074194,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[PwR] Kastor,"Comparing SOMA to Frictional's previous titles I would say it is the least frightening experience they've delivered but the most immersive environment they've created. The story line, location and characters are all interesting and makes you want to keep playing.The game may be less scary than Amnesia which for me personally may be that I feel more comfortable in a sci-fi setting than in an ancient castle. The environment is great to explore yet it did feel almost lacking in some areas. I felt as though there were a few too many ""empty"" rooms. Empty meaning the same props you have come across already, no story or puzzle elements, etc.The voice acting is top notch and really makes you feel attached to the character and the story is the strongest point for SOMA. The thrilling atmosphere is great but I would have loved more puzzles. but don’t get me wrong the game never felt slow, or boring in anyway. You just spend more time exploring this world than doing puzzles. Which I think is new for SOMA coming from Penumbra and Amnesia.The game is definitely worth picking up and I had great fun playing it.Technical informationThe game is capped at 60fps which can be uncapped.The game doesn’t natively support SLI but it can be forced with decent performance. I personally experience a lot of texture flickering in out door scenes so I left it off.Game runs well, I did my play through with a single GTX 670 at 1440p mostly over 60fps."
76561198019429596,Recommended,282140,24079626,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,keloxz,Very nice atmospheric game
,Recommended,282140,24062356,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mullvaden,"Frictional always makes the best horror games in my opinion, and this is by far the one i love the most.  The environments are awesome and the underwater theme has always had its charm to me since i first played Bioshock.But the thing that makes it all is the story. And the story in Soma is better written than 99% of recent games and movies. It is one of those little golden nuggets that just comes around once in a while. It is one of these games where you want to explore every room, every little area just to see if there is  something more to learn."
76561197980054422,Recommended,282140,24062653,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Metalhead25,"SOMA is a sci-fi survival horror game made by the same studio that gave us Amnesia: The Dark Descent. As a result the two games share quite a lot in common with one another. They are both survival horror games where the player is completely defenseless, and the only way to avoid death is to hide in the shadows from the enemy. They also share completely immersive worlds where each environment in the game can tell you a story based solely off of the objects that populate that specific environment.However, SOMA, unlike its predecessor puts more of a focus on its story rather than the horror aspects of the game. Normally this would be something that would detract from a horror game, but in this case the story itself is incredibly compelling and wholly unique. SOMA's story is a unique one that focuses on the concept of transhumanism, which is a concept that has been touched on in other games, but not nearly as well as it has here.Even if you don't care much for horror games, SOMA is a game worth playing through for its story alone."
76561198006923019,Recommended,282140,24049362,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,√ puffy★,Like penumbra series ?Like Amnesia series ?Like Outlast ?You will like this game!
,Recommended,282140,24019623,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cortexifan,Bioshock meets Amnesia meets Alien Isolation meets Event Horizon with some thematic elements form the Matrix sprinkled in. I love it. A hidden gem for fans of single player adventure games.
,Recommended,282140,24056698,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shaolin Monk,"Hands down one of the best games i have ever played in my 19 years of gaming, keep it up Frictional!"
76561197970174990,Recommended,282140,24021768,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Artemic,"I went into the game cold, not seeing any lets plays and only going from a reccomendation from a friend, who spoilt nothing.The Atmosphere in the game was spot on, the story was fantastic and the sound was immersive. Graphics do not make a game, and whilst not uber amazing they do the job well enough.I got it on sale for 50% off, and think thats about the right price point, for the time I spent with the game. The 9 hours was an emotional, visceral and thought - provoking rollercoaster. Paniced moments when things spot you, peace reading logs to fill in the story and good 'character' interaction. A definate reccomendation for people who enjoy more than run and gun games, and like a great story.Dont know if any of the Dev team read these reviews, but thank you for making this game.It really was an amazing experience that i havent felt since playing games for a long while."
,Recommended,282140,24001514,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,WereTiger,"Wonderful story, great graphics, challenging but not too hard, and great philosophical content."
76561198002622102,Recommended,282140,23997329,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nightwayne,"This game is exceptional. While I could not get myself to play through Amnesia or the Penumbra games, SOMA was like a drug to me. I love the well realized world even though it is ugly and goo-ey. Every room, every body, and every item you pick up in the world has a reason to exist there. The world is crafted with a lot of care. There are rooms and items with clear inspirations from Alien. I simply love it.The narrative is even stronger. The story deals with a lot of heavy moments where you have to make certain choices. These are not easy, and they will stick with you long after you make them.If you were able to handle Bioshock or Dead Space, you will enjoy this game as well. Infact, that is how I think about this game. It is a wonderful mix of Bioshock and Dead Space 2 (without the stomps). Everything feels very mechanical, and things go wrong....a lot. But you endure, and you see everyone around you die till you reach the end.I hope Frictional will come back to this IP and maybe make a sequel. I would love to know more about Pathos II and its fate."
,Recommended,282140,24795938,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Killpo1,"A game created from the developers of Amnesia series, Soma is a continuation of their line deeply engrossing atmospheric horror games. Without going too much into the story, essentially you are within an underwater base wrought with machines that range from thinking they're people to being horrific manifestations of something unknown.The mechanical abominations that hound you are differing in size and ability, and each require a unique approach to being outsmarted or avoided, a nice addition over the previous games that featured a less than diverse cast of monstrosities. Perhaps my favorite part of this game however is it philosophical elements that make you questions things you might have not before, and for the sake of not potentially spoiling or ruining the story I will leave it at that.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys deeply engrossing experience and especially recommend to anyone who enjoys the thought of being mentally engaged and questioned throughout a game."
76561198025898884,Recommended,282140,18312497,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MARtheCHIEF,"SOMA is a very excellent game. One of the greatest atmospheric horror story driven games I've ever played. My first exposure to Frictional Games was through Amnesia: The Dark Descent - from that point onward I was a fan of the company. SOMA explores the psychological and physical aspects of a story driven narrative very well. It makes you think, ponder the choices of your actions, and see how a world that was once vibrant and alive descend into madness and despair.The engine for this game is very impressive, giving it a very unique atmosphere that is very hard to find in other games (to me it was a mixture of Bioshock and Dead Space without weapons!). There was the occasional AI frustration, but they were well designed, and reacted very amazingly. Puzzles were simple and well done, very unique without repeating itself, but at times they were so simple that I ran around a bit too long looking for them. At least there's an interactivity highlight option in the menu you can set if you'd want an easier time finding items and puzzles to interact.I love love love the storyline. It certainly gives you a range of feelings and you certainly grow fond of the characters you interact with and care for their well being, especially towards the last quarter of the playthrough. The monsters and other dangerous creatures you encounter are very well designed and unexpected. The music and dialogue was memorable and downright creepy at times. The story, music, and atmosphere will stay with me for quite a very long time to come. This kind of game definitely warrants a second playthrough, it is that good!"
76561198048924990,Recommended,282140,18316886,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,sayyouwantthis,"Well worth the price. Incredibly immersive, atmospheric, scary, and a compelling story all coometogether to make you quiver."
76561198004570082,Recommended,282140,18309996,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,DarkZide,"The game is good - but I feel like way too many reviews are giving a WAY too positive feedback than the game deserves.The game has some flaws, such as- Not scarier than Amnesia: Dark Descent, actually not scarier than a lot of games out there today. I would put the scary-score on medium. Some monsters (like those towards the end) are really scary, others are just non-scary and annoying.- Really long loading times. I don't know if it is my computer, but it's not particularly fun to watch an almost black screen for 5 minutes every now and then- They kept it too simple. There is not even a real inventory this time and I wish that after all the negative feedback on Machine for Pigs feeling too much like a walking simulator, Frictional would step up the game and introduce more stuff/features for the game. This isn't like Machine for Pigs, but is not like Dark Descent or any old survival horror game either, it's more scaled down. For both better and worst.With all that♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my chest, I think this is one of the best games 2015. The story, the way it is told is actually the most creepy part about SOMA. It is not a new theme in sci-fi (""What is consciousness?"") but the way it is told while you are pushing through this dark adventure, it  explores every aspect of this kind of story and results in becoming an eerie tale filled with much ambiguity. Second, the atmosphere and the setting is crazy - SOMA definetly does underwater way better than Bioshock. The intro of the game also helps to give it a bizarre Alice in Wonderland-feeling, with you wondering how deep the rabbit hole really is. Gameplay is... okay. It's still just the normal hide-n-seek horror with nothing new added to it. But it is generally well-designed, though sometimes during dangerous situations it is not always 100% clear on what you are supposed to do. But I got a few scares and I had fun during most of the game. I definetly recommend this game for any horror-fan and also sci-fi-fans."
,Recommended,282140,18314803,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,GarretMP,"Great horror game, story is surprisingly well done."
,Recommended,282140,18195976,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,XxGodlyxX,"This is coming from someone who absolutely hates scary games in every way.The story of this game is great, you really feel like you are part of the world. The amazing atmosphere and enviroments help with that a lot. The music and audio are perfect. While you play the music can make you feel calm after something scary and the sounds you here can add to make something seem so much more scarier than it is.Overall this was 100% the buy and I recomend this to anyone who is thinking about buying it. Even if you hate scary games trust me it is all worth it."
76561198020514724,Recommended,282140,18196462,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,rentgeeen,SOMA the best game ever played with best story. Rating 11/10. Thank You Frictional Games
,Recommended,282140,18313581,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,nordmann89,"Can't stress enough how much I recommend this game to everyone. Instantly my personal favourite, along with Alien Isolation, System Shock 2 and Black Mesa."
76561198011971599,Recommended,282140,18315486,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,"Duni, Waaaaagh","Its a Really nice game, but it's a little short.  Waiting to see what the community makes of the game with mods.For fans of The Dark Descent it's definately worth the money."
76561198026913578,Recommended,282140,18647423,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,NicetL,"Although the horror elements can fall flat in a few places, the writing, narrative, world design, and characters all more than make up for the fact that SOMA may have been better if it had committed to being a ""science fiction game with horror elements"" as opposed to trying to be a horror game.But I don't want to focus on the negatives. I can't stress enough that overall this is one of the best narrative-driven games I've ever played. If you like science fiction horror, you NEED to check out SOMA."
76561198067934874,Recommended,282140,31209328,Posted: 17 April,all,3 Inch Pounder,"Wow....okay.... just finished the game and I have to say, what an awesome and absolutely amazing journey it was! The characters were so well done with voice acting that was so believable and authentic. I loved the plot, the enemies were terrifing; who am I kiding, the whole darn game was terrifing. Such a great game! If you liked Amnesia: The Dark Descent you will be blown away by this game! Fantastic job Frictional Games, fantastic job!"
,Recommended,282140,20268355,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Celark,"If you like horror games but feel that they have been lacking recently...this is the one you have been waiting for. The oppressive atmosphere, the dread, the twists, the setting, the mind-♥♥♥♥s it's all there. There were times when I stayed in a room for like 5 mins because I couldn't bring myself to open the door. There was SOMETHING out there. I never did find out what it was, I just ran and never looked back.It is better not to know any details about the game. Just that there are many times you will say NOPE. Not going down there...and then have to go down.I'm still not over that ending, it is still being debated...."
,Recommended,282140,31224163,Posted: 18 April,all,Cheenis,"Este videojuego fue extremadamente espeluznante y contó una historia excelente, realmente te hace cuestionar lo que significa ser humano."
76561198006293367,Recommended,282140,31184791,Posted: 16 April,all,Boes Boes,"What can I say? This game has it all: an intriguing story, beautiful graphics, neat little puzzles and horror elements which will leave you shivering. Completing this game gives you answers, but will raise new questions just as much. Questions that exceed the pastime of playing video games. Questions about life itself and how vulnerable it really is. Soma is a superb game."
,Recommended,282140,18590874,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Andeh,"First off, I have to congradulate Frictional Games because honestly they really did outdone themselves with this game, as speaking from a person who used to play amnesia all the time. I can tell you that this game is worth every penny and cent for many reasons.One being that the whole atmosphere of the game was just phenomenoly intense and creepy, along with the music that just made it more mysterious. Another being that the storyline was absolutely beautiful, through the game I actually thought really hard about what was going to happen and made my own theories until the end. It made you think, PERIOD. Another is that the combonation with the puzzles that actually made the game challenging. I think that overal this is a good horror game for the ages.BUY THIS GAME, IT'S GR8. :D"
,Recommended,282140,22985631,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,spektyr,You dont understand how much this game ♥♥♥♥ed with me. I have often thought of a device that more or less does just what  the do to save the human race.. Plus its just creepy but beautiful and wonderous all at the same time. A silent and horrifing beauty. 10/10
76561198062279327,Recommended,282140,32837360,Posted: 26 June,all,Krindle,"Not worth $30, it's just not.That being said, if you catch this game on sale, it's 100% worth it. If you want a horror game, you've come to the wrong place, SOMA isn't so much a horror game as it is a vehicle for philisophical discourse in the form of a video game. There are tense moments, and I'd say that the 'horror element' is there, just that it doesn't drive the story (something which I believe a lot of horror games could stand to learn from, good scares don't make a good game).9.5/10Worth your time, just not your money at base price."
76561198118181630,Recommended,282140,25308488,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,fglrx,"this game is amazing.one of the top favorite games i have ever played.you do not need to know much before you start. you wont have to hide from enemies all the time, while they might seem a bit out of place they are merely a little extra challenge.explore a dark, industrial underwater world with great graphic design and a potentially impressive story.played it on linux, no issues."
,Recommended,282140,31104084,Posted: 12 April,all,Bimmelbahnfahrer *5k,"Great game! It's Scary, tentioning and actually has a good story! I kinda have to think about Dead space (the first one that is) and Alien: Isolation... i'm not saying it's copying anything but those two were great games so.... i guess that's a good thing. Seriously tho buy this game if you liked the afformentioned games or if you like athmospheric horror games in general. I bought it in a sale for 9 bucks but it's also woth the full price! 10/10 on my side. It's also combining some myths, monsters and creatures and their effects like Slenderman but with a bit of twist... i'm not going to spoiler anything here tho....."
,Recommended,282140,31107550,Posted: 12 April,all,SpearChucker2000,"One of the greatest games I've ever played, Developers have took no short cuts in the immersive environment and mechanics, beautiful storyline with brilliant voice acting. I rarely get emotional over games but this one for sure. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,31109579,Posted: 12 April,all,Sun And Moon,"One of my favorite games of all time, this game had me thinking about it for weeks after I completed it."
,Recommended,282140,18454300,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,-Doktor Trakpad-,This game is really...Deep
76561198010424570,Recommended,282140,24052274,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Klemente,"SOMA's pacing and atmosphere are excellent, its gameplay is immersive and engaging, and the story is well written and surprising. The folks at Frictional have outdone themselves. This game is wonderful and terrifying, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,282140,18621065,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Link,"You know, the indians refuse to take pictures because they thought they stole your soul.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18419536,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Vaderkon1,If you are prone to existential crisises....DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME
76561198067675147,Recommended,282140,18817238,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Noa,Reminds me why i dont play Horror games.2spooky4me10/10 would pause furiously
,Recommended,282140,18860424,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,InS@NiTy,"One of the best game stories I've played, in fact it'd be hard to think of a game with a story as good as this one; lots of layers and without the terrible ending these kinds of games usually have. Really well told and well paced as well. Gameplay is pretty standard for Frictional Games, fairly simple puzzles and lots of walking. Not their scariest game, although its probably not supposed to be, Amnesia:TDD was far more overbearing and 'horrifying' this was more 'spooky' with the odd scary bit and some disturbing bits. If you like to play games for story and you like a little mystery this is a fantastic game. If you only play games for game-mechanics probably not so much, although its not a 'walking-simulator' and its definitely a game as opposed to a Dear Esther type interactive experience thingy. Probably my favourite Frictional game."
,Recommended,282140,18760698,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,FieryEgon,There are robo ♥♥♥♥♥♥s throughout the game that heal you if you stuff your hand inside one of them 10/10
,Recommended,282140,19583147,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Abe P,"I remember when i was a child, robot & mecha are my best friends;well.. NOT ANYMORE AFTER I PLAYED THIS GAME, THEY ARE TRAITORS!! ;-;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHHQUneWGPQ"
,Recommended,282140,18393869,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,LeMon.,♥♥♥♥worthy. It'll have you excreting different bodily fluids.
,Recommended,282140,18374290,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mr. Cake,"Good Heavens. This game. This GAME!!If you love something to stick into your brain and hump your mindinto oblivion. Then you should get SOMA.It's Rich in it's story and lacks Nothing out of a horror game.In fact, this is a new type of horror that i've encounter'd.Spooky Munsters - Check.Amazing story - Check.Yogging for your life -  Check.And a Breathtaking Atmosphere.All the time i was Wow'ing this and Wow'ing That,The ocean is pure beauty and the sounds are more than perfect.Find the trailer and screenshots interesting?You buy Game.You like the reviews and positive ratings of this game?You Buy Game.You like scury munsters and unknown things?You Buy Game.You Want to be MLG 360NoScope baby?Go Back to kindergarden.In other words; Get Buying!My rating ~ 95/100"
,Recommended,282140,19216020,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,krip,"this game was a TRIP. amnesia nuances in the best ways. i love the story so much. the writing is spectacular and the acting is spot on. im ready to replay this honestly. a fresh and original horror game. best of the decade. (if silent hills was released this might be a different statement). i bought this game instantly because i have been antiscipating it for over a year, i do not regret it. that being said it is scary and the jump scares and monsters are haunting. theyre eery and flat out disgusting but SO important. im begging you to play this game, i didnt play this alone so i dont know if id recommend you playing it solo. its so gd scary i dont think you should."
76561197971701135,Recommended,282140,19511914,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,outcast,"Possible one of the best and most thought provoking theme and plot I have ever seen, in any medium. Won't say more then that, but that is really the driving force behind this game.As for the rest it has a very interesting environment, very much alike the one in Bioshock with an underwater base or the space station in System Shock. The gameplay is nothing special though, and I was not a huge fan of there being enemies in the game as I did not really feel they brought any really interesting mechanic or gameplay with them. I think the story and atmosphere where enough without these mechanics in the current format. In the case of going for more gamplay I would have loved a bit more freedom with a more coherent base, like in System Shock, instead of a more segmented route where you are in area A for a while, then go to area B and then on to C etc. But this game is much more focused, especially on its story, and that is totally fine since it is such a fine story.Also I could not stop thinking about how amazing this game would be in VR. Both for the atmosphere, experience, and the actual theme of the game, it would just be totally mindbogglingly good and would fit perfectly with everything this game is, and I could easy see that being one of the best fictional experiences you could get anywhere if done right."
,Recommended,282140,19533997,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BIRD BIRD KILL IT,Still thinking about this game months later. 10/10 yes buy it.
76561197972080920,Recommended,282140,20276761,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Stiffler,10/10Would lose all sanity again.
,Recommended,282140,20277523,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[MAK] IndyNick,"I started playing this game today...very well done game. Next thing I know...8 hours later, my headset dies. Back on charge, eat, drink, recharge, and back at it again.I highly recommend this game to anyone. Not a waste of money, im loving this!!!"
,Recommended,282140,20063982,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,A_Atrax,An absolutely stunning game with amazing graphics and a fantastic storyline. I'm just really sad that there wasnt more to this game. The base game only comes with about 7 hours of content. Beat it in a day. Will still recommend but needs more content.
,Recommended,282140,20596744,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Wells,"When i first saw this game, i wasn't really intereseted about buying it, but after watching a few gameplays i told myself: stop watching other people playing this game and play it by yourself!The best decision of my life.SOMA  is a reallly, really great title, for me, game of the year 2015.It has fairly good graphic, a really detailed and good looking world, a great atmosphere, and, over all, a GREAT story. It has very deep and philosofical significances, it really made me think a lot about... everything.Oh, I also found the voice acting, the sounds and the music to be pretty good. And the ending...that ending just made me feel so ♥♥♥♥ing empty, for the fate of humanity that is litterally at the edge of a razor just makes you really feel for the characters and their future destiny that awaits them... but i don't wan't to spoil anything.Look, just... Just play the game, alright? You won't regret it."
,Recommended,282140,20024747,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kauffy,"First off, this is not a FIRST-PERSON-SHOOTER. This is a FIRST-PERSON-ADVENTURE. Basically, that means that while you'll move around like a first-person shooter game, your primary interactions with things will be thoughtful. This is an excellently-wrought first-person game, that tells an original, fresh, and engaging story that continues to feel like it has twists and turns hours into the game.The short version: this game was designed by Americans.. well, North Americans.... Canadians. Canadians designed this game (at least, seemingly) and the result is wonderful. An experience appreciably distinct from most American games: there are really no technical shortcomings here-- it all varies in the story.I don't want to write a whole long thing here. Do not buy this if you're looking for Bioshock: Advance, or Alien: Isolation 2. It has moments of both of those games, for sure, but this game is not primarily about bull♥♥♥♥♥♥keyhunts, or backtracking over large bits of geometry, or even combining the right ridiculous combinations of firepower and (say) plasmids to solve a particular puzzle. This truly is a first-person adventure game."
76561198006958295,Recommended,282140,19530271,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,crill_,Lovely. In a mind-♥♥♥♥ kind of a way.
,Recommended,282140,19593788,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mexie,Yes
76561198124112797,Recommended,282140,18638297,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DeadShock,"Under the sea! Under the sea! Darlin' it's better, down where it's scary, take it from me! Up on the shore they are all dead, under the smog they waest away! While we devotin', full time of running, under the sea! Down here all the monsters are angery, as off through the wau they grow, down here thier chaising   trying to kill you, under the sea! Down here you as luck, they are after you indeed, what you must go throw is tariffing, run for your life as fast as you can, under the sea. It's a good game, like a realy good game!"
,Recommended,282140,22286214,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Aurongel,"While not exactly terrifying in the same way Amnesia and Penumbra were, SOMA has more in common with the very best adventure games. The gameplay is more stripped down and streamlined than previous titles but that void is filled with an amazing story and voice work. I can't say enough good things about the story and writing in this game, it's among the most genuinely thought provoking material I've ever seen a game attempt to capture.Enthusiastic recommendation, don't let those knocking the lack of horror persuade you to ignore this gem."
76561198141065494,Recommended,282140,22416410,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,DesertKnight,One of the best Games i've played so fargreat game 10/10worth the pricealso it's not that scaryall what i care about is the story line it's so cool
76561198043297097,Recommended,282140,24130799,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,o0o,One of those rare games that gets better the more into the story you get.Very philosophical by the end.Would recommend if you like intelligent horror and sci-fi......or even just one of those things.
76561198098930500,Recommended,282140,24108227,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Barney the Dinosaur,"I bought this game on sale for half price, and it wastotally worth the money. I would say that paying the full price would also be completely worth it - this game is fantastic. From actual psychological horror and scary enemies (not just cheap jumpscares) to an immersive and powerful story, this game kept me hooked until the very end. There are points in the story that make you really think about the effects and the morals, and the ending reflects this too. I'd recommend going into this game without watching any playthroughs or using walkthroughs unless you are really stuck, but you should get the hang of the mechanics quite quickly. Overall, if you are thinking of getting this game, wait no longer!I give this game a solid 9.5/10 (There were a few performance issues - nothing major, and it may just be because I was playing on a laptop. The lag did not affect the actual gameplay, it was mostly when loading a new area.)"
76561198031548010,Recommended,282140,19718378,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Biglouie,"Everytime you think games have reached it's plateau on originality, there comes a game like this one, SOMA, that in it's simplicity, makes perfection. Single handedly one of the best storylines I personally have ever seen..."
76561198032279844,Recommended,282140,25940275,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Max Power!,"While not quite as frightening as Amnesia, and with some of the hostile encounters slightly more irritating than unnerving, SOMA more than makes up for the (mild) loss of shart-your-pants factor in its presentation, and absolutely astounding story.  At least once through the course of the narrative, you'll experience malaise, fool's hope, heart-racing terror, edge-of-your-seat anticipation, jubilous exhiliration, crushing despair, and just beneath the surface of it all, a sense of pure, blank loneliness.I personally figured out the first major reveal pretty quickly, but it didn't stop me from continuing, and man am I glad I did.  Stories that are this thought-provoking and deep are few and far between, and while it didn't confront me with any existential questions I have not at some point or another considered, nothing I can say would do the experience of its presentation justice, and I refuse to spoil the experience for anyone even slightly interested in going on this ride.Alls I can say is, ""WAU, this one's a gem."""
,Recommended,282140,33120045,Posted: 2 July,all,Code Minion,"WARNING : This game has a missing save issue the devs know about but never addressed. It's still a good game, but you should read up about it if you were considering buying this game."
,Recommended,282140,19779792,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Nica,"I had huge expectations for SOMA and was extremely hyped for it. It fulfilled the absolute majority of my expectations: it was atmospheric, the sounds were amazing, the story was great, the game is pretty as heck, and it was creepy - to a limit and definitely in its own way. However, I found that the puzzles were slightly too easy for my taste, and some of the monsters too... cliché. Looks-wise, at least. They however had some very nice variety both in looks and mechanics. I was hoping there would be more moral decisions that actually affected the game and the outcome.Overall, SOMA is an amazing horror experience and sincerely recommended by me."
,Recommended,282140,33071989,Posted: 1 July,all,Drake Thane,"SOMA is not as 'scary' as Amnesia, but I feel Frictional Games have returned to their roots with an atmospheric and mysterious story similar to that of the Penumbra games; it even has a couple thought-provoking themes to boot."
76561198064498681,Recommended,282140,33122319,Posted: 2 July,all,God Dammit,"Easily the scariest game i've ever played, putting other games in the genre to shame, and ontop of that, evokes thought provoking existential questions regarding AI and the future of humanity. They hit the ball out of the park with this one."
,Recommended,282140,33160745,Posted: 2 July,all,Dominodyl,Best horror game I've ever played.
,Recommended,282140,33227475,Posted: 4 July,all,JIMMAH ~A.K.A~ SATAN,"One of the most stimulating and overall featured experiences I could have asked in a game, I went into the game blind and I would say that the overall; immersive control scheme, full range volume, captivating storyline, phenomenal voice acting, and plot are but some of a long list of remarkable features this game presented. The vast depth and range of emotion I felt while playing this game is something Frictional Games is wonderful at doing. My only possible criticism is that for new players, or those who are easily startled, may find the game to be ""too"" reaslitic. My final thoughts of the game are slightly negative yet only because I know, personally, that I can never come up with such a moving and dynamic sense of humanity that this game gives (and I am a human!)If you enjoy; mystery, adventure, psychological-horror, and can hold your breath, than dive in! Who would have thuoght I learned so much about my own perspectives of humanity from a computergame,"
76561198070405731,Recommended,282140,33224959,Posted: 4 July,all,QuasarSevilla,"Bravo Frictional Games. Im glad to see an Indie Dev company I have been following many years to accomplish this, a Triple AAA quality game.Soma is a journey, and what a journey! It dips you into a deep story, where you only want to dive more and more. The pace of discovering step by step and getting mindblow is really well made and balanced.The technical part (graphics, OST, sounds) is neat.The only thing I missed was a different kind of enemies. Dont missunderstand me, they were scary, and the ""not look at him"" mechanic was cool, but not always and for almost every enemy.8.5/10"
76561197971078248,Recommended,282140,27970288,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ship of Hiram,"Came in expecting a horror game with a good story, came out broken and not sure about life itself.This game is a masterpiece in my opinion - having nice graphics, good horror gameplay, great atmosphere (which overall scares more than the monsters), and a fantasting plot that will get you thinking and will stick with you for a long time after the game ends.my biggest con of this game is that there is no replay value to this game.So why are you still reading this? Buy it and play it for yourself! Have fun!"
,Recommended,282140,27899171,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HesselHoff,"Thought would just be horror game, turned out to be really good story driven game.Was still ♥♥♥♥ing scary though"
76561198083789713,Recommended,282140,33196290,Posted: 3 July,all,izzy,"Do I recommend this game? HELL YES!!!The story in this game starts off like a rollercoaster with onee very big drop in the begining  and continus with many twist and turns. As you play this game u become so involved with the main character and at the same time detached. I found myseelf feeling sad, confused, horrified but enjoyed every step of it all the way down to the end.  If u ever wanna kill sometime this is deffinetly a way to do it"
,Recommended,282140,24066391,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jaketify,"When I bought this game on sale I thought I might not finish it, because I don't play horror games. I was wrong. I was so interested in it's story I just couldn't stop playing. It's scary, you may die few times, but you will push forward just to follow the story.Just buy itIt's great"
,Recommended,282140,33017510,Posted: 29 June,all,[Kacho],"A great game by Frictional, the creators of the Penumbra and Amnesia series. SOMA is most similar to Amnesia, in that the playable character has limited means of self-defense beyond hiding from enemies, and the game is designed to be a horror experience. Compared to the industrial historical settings of Dark Descent and A Machine for Pigs, SOMA's environment is far more effective and interesting--especially for those who are afraid of the deep sea. The story is more complex, the characters have more depth, and the environments are chilling and unique. Best of all, there is a greater variety of enemy encounters--a total of 11 compared to the 3 or 4 which appeared in the Amnesia series, but no harm done to the length or quality of the ""puzzles."" Buckle up for a terrifying, severely interesting, and often-times heartbreaking sci-fi story."
76561197967674425,Recommended,282140,32986115,Posted: 29 June,all,Scaryevilpanda,Deeper than the Mariana Trench! What is life? Is it mine? I don't even know anymore...10/10
,Recommended,282140,18635703,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,B-D9,"WAU... This was one of the best games I have played in a long time.The story was gripping, the atmosphere was enveloping and I could not stop playing till I was done.If you like horror even a little bit, pick up this game. NAU!"
,Recommended,282140,18940858,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Teal Zealot,"I suppose I could start by saying that this game does not offer up the up front spook - fest that Amnesia offers. However, it does offer...- An engaging narrative (especially if you like good enigma codes). Deep Sci-Fi more so than horror that borrows from genre favourites such as Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥- A rich, palpable atmosphere.- Scares in the form of uneasy situations, unsettling ideas and spooky (for the most part) enemies. I can't recall a cheap jumpscare anywhere in the game.- A decent-ish amount of content for a game of it's price.However it isn't without its flaws. Some of them include...- The game is pretty easy and the threat of death is numbed by the fact that most enemies don't kill you without multiple attacks.- No crafting/inventory system at all.- Choices mostly mean nothing although in some cases it is better this was as you aren't told how 'good' or 'evil' your choice was. You are left to think about most of the time with no outside judgement.I would recommend this game if you enjoy rich Sci - FI, Horror and/or atmospheric games that have a story to tell."
,Recommended,282140,18282916,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Meebly Glort,"This game is a masterpiece. It's got incredible graphics, it's terrifying in all the right points, the gameplay is stellar, but what really made the game the incredible thing that it is was the incredible ideas and principles behind the story. The concept of everything that happened in this game is unforgettable, and will certainly keep me up at night.I cannot say it enough, BUY THIS GAME. It's nothing short of incredible."
,Recommended,282140,18269826,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,CthulhuBear,"Almost made it through the whole game without ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself. Thanks for ruining that, you goddamned nightmarish angler fish.Also, I think I'm probably going to be awake all night contemplating existentialism.10/10 would question the very nature of humanity and reality again"
,Recommended,282140,18331347,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Scootch,I uh.....Just.... just buy it.
,Recommended,282140,18388434,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Sodaras,Absolutely perfect
76561197982148637,Recommended,282140,18349942,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Jeff,"Another great effort from Frictional Games. An atmospheric, claustrophobic sometimes frightening game with a great sci-fi story. Highly recommended for fans of horror or sci-fi."
76561198058424241,Recommended,282140,18154708,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,CommodoreCanada,They didn't make a game. They made a world. 11/10
,Recommended,282140,18199458,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Fladagus,"The most disturbing, unpleasant thing I have played in years.♥♥♥♥♥♥My Pants/10"
,Recommended,282140,18183522,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ShadsterWolf,"(I recommend ""Amnesia: The Dark Decent"" before you play this game)The Gameplay:You don't feel as alone like most survival horrors, but you still get that helplessness you want.You will feel right at home with the feel of the game, like Amnesia or any exploration game.Puzzles you encounter will not hold your hand, and very minimal backtracking is required.Not very difficult, most creatures/monsters are easy to avoid, but somewhat difficult to predict movement.The Design:Extreame enviorment detail, breath-taking scenery. Keep textures on HighModel design feels lazy, by that all humans having lazy eyes.There are more pictures of the characters, rather models. The reason im sure is above.Design of the unknown and creativity of the world is astonishing. Especially underwater.The futuristic-subterranean-ruin look fits well. Take ""Bioshock 1"" and ""Alien:Isolation"" together and ship itThe Story:It's an exotic intriguing idea. Reasoning may baffle you when emotion and decision come into play.The addition of finding audio-logs/messages are not as helpful to understand many segments of the plot.Interesting emotional factor how your main character reacts along the way, dialog based on your decision too.The plot is like a bell-curve by how interesting it gets overtime. Leaves a cliff-hanger, but main point gets across.The Audio:Creatures/Monsters each have easily notable sound ques of what they are doing.Each object has their own sfx. Objects dropping, scraping, and rolling on what surface seems so precise.Music never is dull or repetative while exploring, it fits your suroundings, but not so significant.Voice acting is well performed and executed.The Conclusion:Overall main story of the game, it's good.But guess what will make this game amazing? Yeah, Mods.After so many Custom Stories for Amnesia, I can't wait what mods will be like for this game.For $30, it's very reasonable for a game of this quality."
76561198030497001,Recommended,282140,23184176,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Roe Jogan,"I came, I saw, I got scared.Game is worth more than its pricetag! Totally worth every penny and the ending is just a fantastic conclusion to a long journey filled with plentyful memorable moments.I look forward to everything else Frictional Games has in store for us."
,Recommended,282140,23240188,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,kernelpanic0x0,"10/10The best psychological horror I've ever played. It has a great story, visuals and sound. I highly recommend to anyone who likes sci-fi!Runs great in Linux (Ubuntu 16.04) with everything maxed out, 60+fps at all times. (gtx 960 4gb+ i5)."
,Recommended,282140,23244900,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Long John Silver ☆,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is so twisted I am so happy to have finished it.
76561198016345609,Recommended,282140,31849596,Posted: 19 May,all,Fail Aim,Cured my constipation.
,Recommended,282140,27881363,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NodeWDF,Game gets under my skin almost immediately.  I only thought I was immune to the horror genre but after playing just a touch of SOMA I find that I am a scaredy cat.
76561198034818498,Recommended,282140,18360033,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,jACKBAUEr,Had me scared like not many games have since i was a kid. Worth the 30$. Sharing this game with my friends.
,Recommended,282140,33544338,Posted: 14 July,all,ErrorUnknownGT,"What an experience! A unqiue, original game. It's a horror game with puzzle elements essentially, and I loved it. So the theme is very similar to that of Amnesia's and was made by the same team (I believe.) The game's premese is testing facilities, underwater with killer robots, and abominations running rampid. As soon as I got control of the character I knew it had very similar mechanics to Amnesia's, the physics, throwing abjects to produce noise, and so on. The game is linear, I'll say that off the bat, there is quite a bit of exploration to be had however, not multiple routes, but rooms where you can gain information about what's going on. The puzzles can be a bit confusing, I only got stuck on one of them, so I imagine they could be frustrating for people who dislike puzzles or are bad at them. I spent quite a bit of time getting lost/confused because I miss obvious things very easily :P. The game's story is fantastic, and is very enjoyable to unravel the mystery, and what needs to be done. That's all I can say really, a really great horror game with puzzle mechanics. I'd say avoid if you're really bad at puzzles, otherwise, I recommend it, great game, maybe wait for it to go on sale, because 30 euro is a bit pricy for a few hours, but it was a fun game. There's also workshop support for the game, need to go have a look, which may extend the gameplay time!"
,Recommended,282140,33602158,Posted: 17 July,all,Gooseheaded,"SOMA packs a mind bending story in an unspeakably dreadful setting. If you like science fiction and horror, this is a title you absolutely cannot miss."
,Recommended,282140,18212099,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Aura,"Where do I begin with this game? I went in, expecting a plesent horror game developed by one of my favorite Indie developers. What I came out with? Something completly diffrent. SOMA brings a new meaning to life, death, and what exactly a state ofbeingis. SOMA streches out to aterrifyingbranch of what one could call Cyberpunk. SOMA not only touches on type of philosophical questions that Cyberpunk media may ask, it hits the questionshard. This game doesn't use the common in your face horror, and scares, this game gives you ideas, and theroies to think about that are so..Terrifying. This game gets under your skin and craws there, not only the story, but the gameplay too. It's really anxiety horror, it makes you fear whatcouldhappen. The storytelling in this game is wonderful, the gameplay is fun, the level design is briliant, and the visuals are beautiful. There is nothing I have wrong about this game.This section here is a potention spoiler,PLEASE DO NOT MOUSE OVER IT UNLESS YOU HAVE FINISHED THE GAME.I'd love to see an expantion pack continuing to story on the ARK, or maybe something to continue on PATHOS-II"
,Recommended,282140,26988240,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Litheon,The setting alone is worth playing this game.
76561197993459184,Recommended,282140,18421790,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,c0mplete,"Just finished this and thought it was incredible. The writing, pacing, setting and characters are all fantastic. Even if you're not into horror you should still check it for the great sci-fi story and setting."
,Recommended,282140,19447395,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cuttarn,If you like sci-fi and/or horror there is no reason not to play this.
,Recommended,282140,19610230,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,39stripes,gud spook
76561198090240356,Recommended,282140,19682957,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TeeBoneCapone,"Game that makes you think about value of life, even if it's artificial!Great game! Best storywrite of 2015!"
,Recommended,282140,20397414,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MuscularTeeth,Damn fine storyline.Define what it is to be you.
,Recommended,282140,19278144,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,great game and has very scary atmosphere. well worth the purchase.
,Recommended,282140,19451253,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Seren,Masterpiece.
76561198022143568,Recommended,282140,19460183,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MaTHzz,"The plot from this game will sit with me for a long time, unforgettable gameplay and really fun and creative puzzle solving. Frictional Games sure know how to deliver horror games, much like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, this one is brilliant too. I'm giving this game a score of 10 out of 10."
76561198002784244,Recommended,282140,19590656,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,pred,"An incredible experience. Frightening! Yet, interesting with great audio and visual designs and a stirring storyline."
76561198146354213,Recommended,282140,19677847,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,infrallu,Easily the best horror game i have played. Do yourself a favor and buy this.
76561197972060366,Recommended,282140,32841737,Posted: 26 June,all,clivewil,"I am only partway through the game so far and I don't know what else lies ahead, but I must say that SOMA has been excellent up to this point. Anyone who likes System Shock 2, Bioshock 2 or Prey (2017 version) will probably enjoy this too.It is a horror game (but I find it disturbing, rather than outright frightening) and you might need to perform some actions that are morally questionable in order to continue your journey. There's a bit of swearing in the dialogue, so perhaps use headphones if there's kiddies about.I haven't seen any combat yet and I don't think there is any, but it's the currently best run+hide+explore type game I own. And the visuals are great as well.Running on Win 7 Pro 64bitgfx card is an old 3gb GTX780 @ 1920x1080Using mouse+keyboard.I'll update this review upon completing the game.--->ok, done. the above review still stands, but i'd like to clarify a few things:The story is quite linear, not that it's a bad thing. You are often free to complete Task B before doing Task A, but the game plays out in sections (a.k.a. maps or levels) and these are completed in a set sequence. An open world RPG it is not. Most of the time it's clear what you need to do, or how to get to your next objective, even though there's no mini-map or quest markers.There's a few ""argh i'm going to die"" moments in there but they are very few, most of the time you can get on with what you need to do by hiding for a moment until the threat moves away, or by going to another part of the map. But you might feel a bit guilty after doing some of the things needed to progress further.I often go from game to game, a little of this, a little of that, but i played SOMA pretty much from start to end - it kept on calling me back for more.A great game. 9/10."
,Recommended,282140,33268374,Posted: 5 July,all,Obscure,"SOMA makes heavy use of the “evade invincible monsters” survival horror formula, which is an excellent means of generating lasting tension, but does not cohere with the game’s equally excellent narrative focus on existential horror and questions of identity and consciousness. The disconnect, thankfully, does not significantly diminish the overall quality of the experience."
76561198173857195,Recommended,282140,23124937,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BroderG,It's not only horror game... It's great story too
,Recommended,282140,33280551,Posted: 5 July,all,Putro,"This is should how survival horror game looks like. So creepy and so darkNo ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bullet, no CQC, no map, no stupid zombieAn extraordinary game! 8 of 10 score"
,Recommended,282140,27944984,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chanpu,"When I started playing this game, I thought it will be kinda the same as AMFP. But it turned out to be the best game ive ever played. The story is amazing, the pace is great, the emotions you feel when you reach the end are so intense I cried. I don't want to spoil it for those who want to play it, Let's just say - you wont regret playing it one bit and you will comeback for more after sometime. I did.<3"
76561198120103905,Recommended,282140,27960394,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Echodonut,"Frictional Games really did a great job on SOMA. They experimented with making the player feel very complex emotions, and the scenario the player is put in does this really well. Writing a proper review is quite hard however, because complex emotions tend to be a bit hard to describe in a short amount of text.Besides that fact, the real value of the game lies in the story rather than actual gameplay. There are horror elements, and these can be categorized into: atmospheric horror and avoid-the-monster horror. The first is very well done, the second worked better in Amnesia, but might have been neccesary to keep up a sense of tension. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is quite similar in that aspect, but different in that it had both less avoid-the-monster moments but also less atmospheric horror.The story is well written, so much so that it has left a mark on me, making me bring it up in conversations with friends every now and again. However, I would not wish to spoil anything. My advice to anyone in want of a great story-driven horror experience: play this game."
,Recommended,282140,27965169,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"٩,٩૦£","Hands down one of the best story games out there, the atmosphere is amazing, the level design is amazing, the plot is amazing, the spooks are amazing. It's just all around an amazing game."
,Recommended,282140,33350403,Posted: 7 July,all,Anson,"I only ever review if I truley liked a game or hated it.With the case of SOMA, it was recomended through a friend. I did not read anything about SOMA so I just assumed it was a sci-fi space game through the pictures you see when downloading it.When I first played the game I was instantly hooked -still at this point believing to be in space- and later finding out I'm under water! I'd spoiler but i'm pretty sure the game description says this anyway.SOMA had an amazing atmosphere, the sounds, areas and voices were wonderful, and the game length and puzzle difficulty were spot on. I thoroughly enjoyed this game and would recomend it to anyone.I Picked this game up for £6, and for pound for pound and quality of game it is one of the best investments you can make."
76561198002124086,Recommended,282140,33329822,Posted: 6 July,all,Charles Darwin,"I'm a very picky gamer and only like the highest production value games with good interfaces. I also feel that I'm a sci fi fiction fan with some unrealistically high standards. This game is wonderful. I love the first person genre, but this one isn't at all focused on gunplay. There are no guns. It's creepy, but its highly embedded within exploring the concept of self in AI. It's a wonderfully creative plot. Those of you who appreciate the asthetics of bioshock will like this game, too. Highly recommend."
76561198164151578,Recommended,282140,30017124,Posted: 18 February,all,scarlxrd,"Awesome game, way better than Amnesia and Penumbra and it has an really awesome story. Worth buying."
76561197982204431,Recommended,282140,24145139,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Breaky™,"Game endowed with a scenario of a very too rare complexity nowadays.It questions reality & identity in a very brilliant way.I recommend this game to all the gamers who like asking themselves of big questions.Even if u're not a big horror games fan, give it a shot, it's more like a psychological thriller.And what to say about the end ... I was litteraly like ""whoa...""This game is one of these works of art which leave you something for your whole life.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,32608822,Posted: 20 June,all,shankly1985,"Loved It, What an excellent Story. That Ending!I really don't want to say much about Story its best left for the player to experience but this could easy be a blockbuster movie if done right.+Graphics ignoring textures the lighting and effects are very well done+Sound and voice acting top quality+Performance mostly solid 60fps @1080p+Horror at times this game will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself+Level designThey no excuse this is a must PLAY!! Do ITFor anyone interested this is my Full Playthrough -https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgsVPkxuVe8FZ8FMD2KsXakHROxmNFsGs"
76561198047233991,Recommended,282140,25701057,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Cantankerous Carnivore,"This game is amazing, great story, great gameplay, etc. Only thing negative I can say about this game is the only way to save your progress is to ""Save and Exit"" back to the main menu, which is more of a nuisance. As is to be expected, the game plays like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but SOMA is a more atmopheric type of horror, keeping you on your toes and such. I personally both hate and love horror games, and Frictional games did a great jo  of balancing between scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, and keeping me tuned in. 10/10 one of the best games i've played in years."
,Recommended,282140,25715302,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Smartnik,"Fantastic story about transhumanism, somewhat hindered by the inclusion of enemies which don't really serve any purpose other than to prevent you from exploring and make you restart sections over and over. Probably one of the few examples where less ""game"" would have improved the experience."
,Recommended,282140,31375756,Posted: 26 April,all,|M|A|V|E|R|I|C|K|,"Having just finished my second playthrough (this time with the Hard Mode mod) I feel informed enough to write an accurate review of this game.For me, Frictional Games have been the shining example of how to realise video games as a legitimate and effective form of story telling, this is why when I think of Frictional the first thing that comes to mind is 'Story' not 'horror.' The horror genre to me is associated with pure shock-value rather than story or atmosphere, and in this sense SOMA (along with FGs other games), is not horror. If you want horror I suggest the Outlast series or something because this game is not that.For me, SOMA is a dark sci-fi which plays on the deep philisophical classics of conciousness, identity and what it means to be human in order to craft its narative. Is it our physical composition that makes us human? Or is it our conciouss mind? This is the question that I was continually asking myself when for days after I had finished the game.The level design is masterful as always with FG capturing the claustrophobic WAU-infested corridors of the underwater deep sea reseach station just as well as the musty dungeons of Brennenberg or the cold mysterious rooms of The Shelter. SOMA does away with the health system of previous games; if a monster catches you'll first be knocked out and if it gets you again then game over. This is definatly an excelent feature as the game can loose alot of tension if the player is forces to repeat a sequence.One of the two major critisisms I've seen of the game is that although the player is forced to make choices at certain points, these choices do not have any real long term consequences. I however believe this is niether a flaw nor a missed opportunity. It forces the player to really think ""What would I do in this situation"" rather than ""how can I get the best (or worst) possible ending.The second major critisism is that the enemies, although terrifying in appearence, become tedious obsticles as they can be effectivly avoided rather easily. This has been a problem for all Frictionals games but SOMA does take it a step in the right direction by fielding a very diverse range of enemies each requiring different tactics to avoid. The devs manage tension very well in SOMA with periods of terrifying danger been broken up with spates of almost peaceful exploration meaning there's no 'desensitization' to the atmosphere which was a problem for me in the Penumbra and Amnesia series.To wrap it up SOMA is an amazing narative that relies on a chilling atmosphere and disturbing plot rather than cheap scare tactics and is absolutely worth the buy for anyone who enjoys story more than actual gameplay."
,Recommended,282140,25688625,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,pixxi,"If youre looking for a horror game like Amnesia, look elsewhere. This is not the answer to that. Soma is something more, a psychological and existential journey.“Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away”.What does it really mean to be human?"
,Recommended,282140,24543994,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Smai_,"Absolutely fantastic game, loved and was terrified by every second of it"
76561198102269834,Recommended,282140,24546787,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Maelstrom,BRILLIANT
76561197971116035,Recommended,282140,25663634,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Skeksis13,"Ive had this game on my wishlist for a while now, a few weeks ago I caught it on sale and had to pull the trigger for such a low price.So here it is a friday night, and after a long day of work I am really tired but not quite ready to go to bed yet.  Wife is asleep, kids are asleep.  I put the lights out and the headphones on and decide to give this a quick go.  I really just wanted to make sure it ran on my system and tweak some graphics settings and then be in bed in 20 minutes.2 hours later I am writing this review.The last 120 minutes have been intense, this game has atmosphere so thick it suffocates.  I sat up, face practically pressed against my flat screen as I stumbled around in the dark trying to figure out just what the hell has happened.This game is terrifying, maybe I am just getting too old but it actually dawned on me that a stress induced heart attack is not completely out of the question.  At one point after being chased up some stairs by a... well.... I dont know what it was  and I dont really want to. The scary music is going, the ""thing"" is screaming, jets of steam are hitting me so my guy is screaming, I am screaming in my dark room.. I get to the top and run through a door and dive behind some desks.  I cant tell if the heart beating I am hearing is in the game or if I am actually hearing my own heart beat.Cant wait to play more, so far this game has delivered."
,Recommended,282140,21515471,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,T W I T C H ¥ ² 👌,I know that the only me is me.Are you sure that the only you is you?
,Recommended,282140,24626957,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Instinct,"I only just recently got around to playing this game and I love it. Scares the @%# out of me. If you're into a great story-line, puzzles as well as a lot of good scares - definitely consider this. Also, clearly... if you've played Amnesia and enjoyed it, you will have the same feelings toward SOMA.I am currently using this game as my YouTube channels first Let's Play.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJvi61EIfvw"
76561198142559002,Recommended,282140,24922328,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,panstromek,Masterpiece...That's all I'm gonna write.
,Recommended,282140,24590472,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Xenotyde,Honestly one of the best horror games I have ever played. It focuses heavily on atmosphere and environment for its horror rather than jumpscares and gore. The storyline is phenomenal and allows the player to explore what it means to be human. The time played on my profile is for one playthrough. I stopped to read and listen to all of the notes I ran across. The ending is REALLY good and even if you expect it the execution is flawless. The biggest flaw I noticed was it does suffer from the 3/4 syndrome that most horror games fall to. Around that point in the game progress does begin to feel sluggish. The last two sections make up for that however. Highly recommended. Don't pass this game up on a good sale!
,Recommended,282140,31126776,Posted: 13 April,all,A BigAss Dog,Great horror game and storyline
76561198128022586,Recommended,282140,23356336,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Horrorking,"As a person who plays games for the story rather then running and gunning *now don't get me wrong DOOM was a fantastic game* this was a game i went into rather nervous. Seeing small gameplay footage and screenshots I kinda thought it was a mix between Alien Isolation and Bioshock. But oh boy was I thrown for a curve ball. This game blew me away, Now what made this game so fantastic was it's story. It completely floored me. Constantly I had to stop and breathe, think about what in the world I had done. It was amazing. If your someone who finds themselves playing games for story... I recommend this with all my heart. It was amazing."
,Recommended,282140,24788588,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Periapse,"This game... it MOVED me, man. You should go into it as blind as possible so please don't spoil anything for yourself. Know that it will put you in a sequence of existential crises that will have you questioning your personal philosphies, but best of all, it isn't pretentious about it. Soma hints at ideas to you and drops subtle clues, then slowly ramps things up and lets your mind run wild with the ideas it presents rather than pretentiously shoving them in your face or drawing conclusions for you. For that reason alone it's a masterpiece. Rest assured the rest of the gameplay  - the stealth, the puzzles, the environmental storytelling - are just as great. Seriously, what are you waiting for, get this amazing game right now. My head's still spinning from it, I think I gotta lie down..."
,Recommended,282140,27768183,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,@amiantos,"What an amazing game, which is weird to say because arguably the worst parts of the game are the most game-like. SOMA is essentially a 'walk around and explore' interactive story, with the run-and-hide monster elements from Amnesia shoe-horned into it somewhat unnecessarily. The atmopsherics can't be beaten, I haven't been this immersed in a game since System Shock 2. The story is top notch grade a thought provoking philosophical musing ala Blade Runner. I feel like this was a game made by people with all the same influences as myself, which is a good feeling. What a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,282140,27916368,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spoonlander,"Alright..........Let's get real. This game is bonkers. Like whoa.The story is deliberate and important with none of that filler we're used to in AAA releases. The levels are thoughtfully designed with careful attention to detail, beautiful textures, and almost no clipping what so ever. The character development and voice acting are top-notch, and I couldn't have asked for more. Plus, those things are scary. I love scary.Play this. Now.Arbitrary Rating:61.5/65"
76561197994554587,Recommended,282140,28001763,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DonharoSVK,"F... you..... Please don´t leave me alone, Cathrine.Lie down, try not to cry, cry a lot with crazy insane smile. (me after end)Cathrine is partner through game- never met, never saw, but still become your crush.Game is very emotional and deep to think about yourself and what would you do in this kind of situation. Next an incredible game after perfect Penumbra and Amnesia.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,28695321,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,peterbourbon,"This game touched me deeply. It shows with amazing perfection what games can achieve nowadays, if they are well made. Immersion, suspense, a 100% perfectly told story and extremely enjoyable gameplay from first to last second.Maybe SOMA is a benchmark for the fact why I play games at all. I have nothing to rant - this is a perfect one. Deep respect to the developers. Thank you so much."
76561198015279724,Recommended,282140,27086148,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sergi Montaner,"I'm not much into horror games but this one is clever, beautiful and it doesn't have much jumpscares in it, which is much apreciated!Its like if one of the more twisted Black Mirror episodes became a videogame."
76561197963437800,Recommended,282140,18231047,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sitting Duck,"Best horror game I've played since the early Silent Hill games.  Good voice acting and graphics create an amazing setting and mood.  There are a few flaws.  Avoiding the monsters can get a bit repetitive towards the end, but it's still a great experience overall, and well worth the price.  The game is on the short side, but no shorter ot longer than it needs to be to tell it's story, which is a good thing in my opinion."
76561198106002772,Recommended,282140,18593308,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SonicFlash,"I just finished Soma and I am left with mixed emotions. Not about the game itself ,but  the impact of what happened at the end.I would say Soma is more than a game, and more of an experience everyone should play though. ""What it means to be human "" is more than just a tagline after you finish this game. In a way its very sad what happens to Simon, and yet there is  still Happiness as well.For the game itself: I would say Soma is def. a must play. The sounds,  the story you learn about piece by piece, everything culminates into a very real experience that you just dont get alot of  in games today.Simon is a great character and the dialouge between him and Catherine is exceptional.  Sometimes i felt relieved when i got to talk with  Catherine again, to know that i'm not the only one  down here in this forsaken place.I  cannot do scary games, let me just say that. I played Amnesia the dark descent but had to stop before i knew it was going to get scarier. Soma is just the right mix. There were one or two times where I had to just pause the game. It was so intense! I frequently got goosebumps when i played this game. It was a thrilling experience nonetheless.Highly reccommend and would advise players to take there time when playing-Flash"
,Recommended,282140,30928343,Posted: 3 April,all,Sinraj,Fantastic game! And the ending...just brilliant! After the ending I was stuck in my thoughts for a while (in a good way that is).
,Recommended,282140,30910340,Posted: 2 April,all,madhazelnut,"Deep, subtle, beautiful. Will remain for long in my head. Played in two seatings."
,Recommended,282140,30928371,Posted: 3 April,all,Easy Pete,"This is probably my favorite horror game ever. The scariest part of this game isn't the creepy♥♥♥♥♥robots either, it's the whole overlying situation which continues to get more and more ♥♥♥♥ed up as the game goes on. It will leave you speachless. 10/10"
76561198008845726,Recommended,282140,30922265,Posted: 3 April,all,Syphren,"Nice little game, finished in 17 hours, with a few help.A linear gripping story with some situations under pressure. Good athmosphere and music (or sounds...)"
,Recommended,282140,22150309,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Guran75,"For anyone who is a fan of sci-fi in the style of Alien, this is the game for you! The game is full of detail and exploring the sub nautical world is very atmospheric. It can also be scary  and mentally challenging in a good way. In my opinion the story and settings have the production values of a triple-A game. Overall SOMA is a fantastic accomplishment that I can't recommend enough!"
,Recommended,282140,24594450,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,valar,"This is absolutely amazing.I've got a huge experience in watching and playing horrors and SOMA..is the only, the only one that made me panic not because of the monsters and etc, but because of the story and idea itself.All these games with perception..surely would make anyone panic.SOMA must be taken seriously. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,24134355,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Bruh,Ever experienced crippling anxiety and paranoia while playing a video game?You will now!♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants/10
,Recommended,282140,25958315,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Wildfire,"This new Bioshock game is pretty scary.But now that I've finished the game, I feel...empty. It's an amazing game it just makes you feel kinda sad when it ends."
76561198014876693,Recommended,282140,25930252,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Arkantos4dead,"When you get to Munshi's, take the black rolling chair from his desk and plant it on your seat before sitting down on it... Trust me, you'll laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off xD... Oh, and, umm, yeah... the story's pretty good too."
76561197987565903,Recommended,282140,26012617,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Abomination72,"Very dark and gloomy atmosphere with an interesting and disturbing story.Had some pretty scary moments, although surprisingly that's not the main point of this game.It's more about the background story itself and the disturbing choices you have to make in order to progress.Very beautiful graphics and sound.Excellent narritive, although the player did feel a bit detached at some time.Don't think anyone would react so coldly as he sometimes does if this was for real.But then again, are you for real? And more importantly: are you human? ;)Only one small downside in my opinion: it's too linear.Would have liked your actions had some more repercussions on the storyline, or at least some alternate paths, but that isn't really a big issue. No matter what choices you make, they will leave you with an unpleasant aftertaste because none of them are really that great for you or the other party, which is exactly what this game is about.Definitely a fantastic game and can highly recommend it to anyone loving scifi/horror adventure games."
76561198014324517,Recommended,282140,29407538,Posted: 21 January,all,ClimateChange,Good. Only get it if you are looking for story and atmosphere. that is all there is really.
,Recommended,282140,26823792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ausmerica,"A fantastic example of a horror game that actually goes beyond what many smaller studios think is necessary of a horror game. Instead of relying on tired gameplay and tropes -- oh it's a dark house, and I only have a flashlight -- Soma explores something deeper, namely consciousness and the grey area that exists implanting human consciousness in artificial, man made technology. Set in an underwater compound, after a catastrophe that has potentially wiped out life on the surface, you're set with a task of preserving humanity however you can, in whatever medium possible.Following up from Amnesia: Dark Descent, a solid game that saw a lot of attention and hype despite being fairly by-the-numbers was always going to be somewhat of a difficult task, but Soma succeeds by pushing out of that comfort zone and trying something brave and something new. Something that genuinely elicits thought.All in all, an enthralling idea, world and concept, but widely similar gameplay to its predecessor. A very necessary purchase for any horror fan."
,Recommended,282140,26712547,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jazgot,"Incredible and deep story, simply a masterpiece!"
76561198035673171,Recommended,282140,28280471,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,alex.yarmoshko,Just awesome.
76561197960729630,Recommended,282140,26461414,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Black Waltz,One of the scariest games I have ever played.
,Recommended,282140,26006864,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SheenaLuxe            /ttv,"Really spoopy game, but the story is phenomenal. Loved it!"
76561198070972814,Recommended,282140,29512089,Posted: 26 January,all,CursedLegend,Possibly my most favourite single player horror game. I absolutely love the game design and story. Highly suggest you play this if you enjoy sci-fi horror
,Recommended,282140,26366686,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Zid,"A very solid sci-fi exploration game, touching on intellectual themes. Namely, the common sci-fi trope of transhumanism, pertaining to the idea of consciousness in this narrative. Nothing life-changing or thematic enough to question philosophically, but being a game brings this idea to an interesting perspective. The story will bring the player to decisions that will make them pause and reflect on their choices.The devs being Frictional Games, they bring their brand of horror to this setting, and can still lay to claim their masterful craft at establishing atmosphere and mood. SOMA employs less horror than the devs' previous outings (Amnesia and Penumbra), but they more than make up for it in spades with one of their best stories, alongside a universe that leaves room for more. The setting, the sound, the immersion and plausibility of it all... SOMA's an amazing piece of work that works with or without the slight survival horror gameplay.The puzzles are on the easy side, and the AIs of every one of SOMA's abominations are not difficult to outsmart, but they're still deftly layered behind the oppressive, bleak world that doesn't care what has happened. It's not overwhelming and suffocating like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but SOMA effortlessly submerges the player in its world and inspires wonder and curiosity. There's no small amount of lore that aren't in the way, but answers as many questions as it does create them. Its near-futuristic world and its implications are chilling to think about.The story has its holes, and its ending felt like it could have been better written (It seemingly forgot a few details) for a better delivery and meaning, but it's overall good and paces itself very well. The star of SOMA is not its scares or its gameplay, but it is the world that Frictional Games has created, and how it immerses the player in this world. Not really a replayable game or has a long length to its entirety, nor is it as much of an intense distillation of horror as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but SOMA is more worth as an invitation to explore and indulge."
76561198011676564,Recommended,282140,26346416,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Road to 401k,"This game has made me angry, this game has made me somber. This game has even left me feeling very tense and unnerved as to what to expect next. However, the most impact this game had on me was the ruminations and the thoughts on the morality of the characters and their choices throughout its entirety. SOMA introduces a variety of characters that, when opportune moments come (both in their favor and against them), will display a side of themselves that they have never shown before, whether to others or even themselves.Morality and ""mankind"" are held to extreme ideals here, and some may baffle you and make you question the integrity of the people associated with the game. You might even empathize with some of the characters as well. Who's right and who's wrong? The answers are more complicated than one may initally ponder.However, let's not forget that this is also a horror game, one that leaves you with no weapons to fend for yourself and one to leave you more tense than shocked. The game does well with setting the uneasy atmosphere and doesn't rely on jumpscares that much as a scare factor.5/5 I highly recommend playing this game."
,Recommended,282140,26393286,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,MatataGood,"Great game. About a 10-12 hour play through depending how long you investigate the in-game lore.SOMA will take you on an existential journey of what it means to exist. The story wrestles with artificial intelligence, synthetic life, and replicating human consciousness. Although the game is slow to start, the game takes a twist early on. The mood is horror filled and suspenseful.I sincerely enjoyed the game, and was on the edge of my seat most of the time."
,Recommended,282140,27020425,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fishdevil,"Just blew my mind. The atmosphere, creativeness, sci-fi elements used in horror in a really amazing way.. Easily in my top 3 favorite horror games, maybe even singleplayer games in general.Story wise it made me read every single scrap of paper I could find and made me want to find more about what's happening in the game.Beats all horror movie storylines. (lol)"
,Recommended,282140,28389485,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,butthurtscrub,This game made me genuinly terrified and gave me an existential crisis. I loved it.
,Recommended,282140,24483191,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Kite Man,"Just finished the game, what an incredible journey. The monster parts aren't too difficult, and should not sway someone from purchasing or playing this game. The atmosphere, use of sci-fi, and story are all top notch. Highly recommend!"
76561197970466493,Recommended,282140,26468053,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,HAL9000,This game is fantastic. The most eerie and atmospheric gane I've played in a long time. Not only that but the philosophical themes in the soma are some of the most thought provoking I've seen in a a video game. Couldn't recommend this game enough.
76561198008143812,Recommended,282140,29516557,Posted: 26 January,all,Andy,"Simply one of the best Horror games out there. Very unique, amazing atmosphere, engaging story. 10/10. highly recommend."
,Recommended,282140,29365722,Posted: 19 January,all,bLiND,This is Frictionals best work yet
76561198215292717,Recommended,282140,29400153,Posted: 21 January,all,Archimedes,Amazingly immersive story. Creates a profoundly strong connection to the characters. 110% recommend it!
,Recommended,282140,21377712,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TangledMangle,"As soon as I saw this game advertised, I knew it was going to be amazing. A story of the importance of life, existence and memories. Would you prefer to die as a human or to continue ""living"" on as a machine with your human memories? The art of the game is gorgeous, the ideas disturbing yet creative and interesting, giving you many difficult choices....I felt guilty so many times with my decisions. One thing I adored most of all was the character development. It's only been a few times where I go into a game and feel so connected with the characters. How you will love and hate the end of this fantastic story!!--What are you waiting for? Play it! Highly recommended!Davy Jones - ""Do you fear death?"""
76561198033318423,Recommended,282140,22408358,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,☸ mezhu,"One of the most evocative and thought provoking games of the last few years, a must-play for any fan of science fiction and gaming in general.It's a shame this gem is hidden under the carpet of rubbish games that the masses seem so eager to chew on."
76561198247744670,Recommended,282140,22054157,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Xti0,"well worth the money, this game was just simply amazing"
,Recommended,282140,29706824,Posted: 4 February,all,Vī | Ferōx,This is the best game I have ever played.The story is... just amazing... beyond amazing.The Pros+EverythingThe Cons-Some levels are a little difficult to get through.
76561198003460164,Recommended,282140,23331434,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,BattleTree,YOU ARE missing out if you dont play this gem. this game easily rivals bioshock imo.. i might have even like soma more than bio shock... this was such a joy to find seeing as i never heard of it. i wish more devs put as much thought into story as soma does. loved it from second one. perfect pace great story and imo beautiful game. and not one crash.
76561198067815065,Recommended,282140,18508903,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,[{OHD}] Foxy,"A lot of people are saying that this game wasn't scary which is true in a way but, I don't think it was meant to be focused on the horror even though it is titled as a horror game. Sure it had its scary moments but man, the story of it, once you get to understand what is happening and why you are there and what you are going to do, it just hits you like a wall. This is possibly the only game to bring me to the brink of tears. Not because I was afraid, just because of the sheer emotion and reality that is portrayed through the story. I can't say much about the story as I do not what to ruin the game for other people but if you get the chance you NEED to play this game.The story is one of the most intricate yet, complex stories I have ever experienced in a game and it hit me quite hard toward the end.I definitely reccomend this game to anyone who is considering buying it as I would classify it a masterpiece."
76561197971127773,Recommended,282140,31202499,Posted: 17 April,all,Mohjo,"Overall i really liked this game. The Reason is the strong storytelling and buildup of suspension until the climax. Its less a survival game and more an adventure.Pros:- the Big strength of the Game is the Storytelling. It has the right mix of calm Moments and adrenalinloaded Parts. The Progression has the right pace without boring filler parts.- the Gameplay is completely intuitive. You learn about the core mechanics on the fly in the intro of the Story without really noticing it.- The graphic style is fitting and the sound fits the athmospherecons (arent really weak spots of the game):- the puzzles arent too complicated. advanced puzzle solvers shouldnt have much problems and loose too much time on them- gametime 6-8 hours for atm 28€ are maybe a bit insufficient, but in a sale this game is a no brainer must buy."
,Recommended,282140,29682973,Posted: 3 February,all,Vulkan,"A game that I would recommend to any horror and puzzle fan.SOMA has an incredibly atmospheric and immersive world which you will certainly not forget.  The puzzles and monsters are also varied and interesting.  You will complete the game in between 8 and 10 hours depending on your skill level and how much backstory you decide to delve into.  Once again, Frictional Games have created another high quality product with an amazing story."
76561198019387255,Recommended,282140,31310451,Posted: 22 April,all,MoridanX,"I refrained from buying this game because I was under the impression it would be identical to Bioshock (I happen to not be a fan of the underwater theme), but I was surprisingly shocked. This game has various levels of complexity and challenges the senses in a great story."
,Recommended,282140,31310819,Posted: 22 April,all,DarthTater,"This is an absolute roller coaster of a video game. 10/10, would ARK again."
,Recommended,282140,29151759,Posted: 9 January,all,Zombie,"I expected great things from this game from the people that helped me fall in love with the survival horror genre of gaming when I spent late nights playing Amnesia: The Dark Descent all of those years ago, and this game doesn't disappoint. Although a bit short, the game quality has certainly improved in terms of graphics and sound design from the Amnesia games yet keeps that creepy and atmospheric feel. Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,282140,18215305,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,This is one of the BEST games I've ever played. no joke at all if this game were $60 I would have gladly paid it. I love this game and it ♥♥♥♥ed with me so hard on every note. Please make more games like this and ♥♥♥♥ YEAH this is amazing. I love the developers and like I said dude.... 99/5 thumbs way up
,Recommended,282140,18178714,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Baahubali,"Wow, just wow. This game makes you truely think about what it means to be human. A tense atmosphere and intelligent story makes this a must have!"
76561198060281247,Recommended,282140,18179322,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,OzoneDelta,Runs very good on linux! (ubuntu 14.04 gnome)Interesting story.Very beutefull and athmospheric game.Amazing sound.
,Recommended,282140,18179463,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Onlystolen,"If you liked Penumbra Overture/Black Plague and Amnesia: The Dark Decent, chances are you'll love Frictional games new titleI'm only a few hours in and already drawn into the game, wanting to play more.Its darkIts scaryDisable F.lux while playing the game (it messes with the gamma)"
,Recommended,282140,18179664,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Richardogo,"This is a master piece of Frictional Games; the history, the ambient, the diferent monsters, etc. If you liked Amnesia: The dark descent, this game will blow your mind.When you think that you can predict what's gonna happen. Surely you will be wrong.So, enjoy it!"
76561198034696743,Recommended,282140,18179892,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Alex Olinkiewicz,"Despite any Flaws or Issues I've experience with this game, I'll still might go as far and call SOMA my #1 favorite Horror game.If you are hoping for a game that is eqaully or is more terrifying then Amnesia, you might be disappointed. However, if your looking for a Horror game that makes you question what it means to be alive, then SOMA is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,282140,18179915,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lustikurre,"What does it mean to be human? What is life? What is consciousness? Who is to decide the answers to those questions?I think, therefore I am. Right?Even after the ~15 hours it took me to see the credits rolling down my monitor, these are just some of the questions that still boggles my mind. It's games like this that may make your head spin, and to question your very own existence.Even with the above being said, remember that this is a horror game and it may make you s**t your pants.Oh well. On to the game itself.Aside from being scary, the game offers an extremely deep atmosphere and story. Combine this with existential questions, horrifying gameplay and breathtaking artistic design, graphics and sound, and you should at least have an idea what this game has to offer.Without spoiling the story or any plot points, I will just say that if you're a fan of sci-fi, you will greatly enjoy the story and the setting this gorgeous, yet haunting looking world has to offer. It will also force you to make some very morally difficult choices, unless you're a cold-hearted human being that is. This is one of those games that sucks you into it's world, making you not wanting to exit the game until you've reached the credits.If you ever played Amnesia, the last masterpiece released by the same company, you should feel right at home with the controls and physics offered by this game. Pulling out desk drawers, opening doors, it's all controlled the same way (holding the mouse button down and moving the mouse) and feels just as good.While there is no inventory screen you can still carry some items around with you that are used automatically in their proper places. There is also no HUD for health, but the game gives you very good visual feedback about how close you are to dying. When really low on health you can no longer sprint and instead are limping around and the screen gets much blurrier etc.The game ran fine on my GTX970 and I managed to almost always maintain 60fps on the highest settings at 1920x1080 resolution (except when the game clearly loaded the world and it dropped). I found some minor bugs, like places where you could exit the level's boundaries although they required me  to really going out of my way to jump around looking for them (as I have a tendency to do :P ), otherwise no game breaking bugs to report.So, without dragging this out too long, here are my conclusions.Would I recommend this game?If you like great stories and atmosphere where you can really take your time to absorb and interact with the world around you, then yes, without a doubt.If you enjoyed Amnesia, then yes, this is for you as well.If you're too afraid of scary games, but still want to experience the story? I'd say stay the **** away!Is it worth the 27,99€€ steam asks for it?After completion, for me, personally, that's a ""Yes, definitely"".ps. ""robots"" can be freaking terrifying. Sleep tight..."
76561198107534996,Recommended,282140,18180046,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,damion_battosai,"I finished this game with a mix of feelings that I've never had before: depression, then upliftment. I've seen many people and reviews saying that this game isn\t scary or frightening, but I have to disagree. Then again, perhaps I am more prone to  feeling endangered by creatures that I don't understand, but I digress.The story of Simon was told brilliantly, and each moral choice left me agonizing for minutes on end.Basically, I love this game, and I'm even more excited to see what the community does with the new engine and Custom Stories."
,Recommended,282140,18180295,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Zachary3D,I don't even know what I am anymore.This game will linger in your mind for days.10/10 On My Top 5 List :)
76561198052990853,Recommended,282140,18180298,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,FALLONSKY,Comic book employee vs slenderman vs big daddy vs gman vs shai hulud. god save your souls 7/11 like skyrim with gunsnot quite as scary as amnesia dark descent but story is on par if not better. the only real problem in the game is that it perhaps is a bit too quick on the draw and shows all of its cards too fast. took me about 10.5 hours to beat but I doubt that.  probobly closer to 6 or 7.
,Recommended,282140,18180381,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Champion Of Degroot,"If ""The Talos Principle"" and ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" had a baby.SOMA is an excellent horror title with a nearly perfect mix of horror, storyline, and atmosphere. The storyline will pull you in, and some choices you make in the game may leave you judging yourself even after you put the game down. SOMA does not rely on jumpscares (though some are present) to keep you on edge, instead, suspense is built with ominous sounds, unnerving enemies, and well designed environments, all of which make a terrifying combination that will have you looking over your shoulder as you trudge down every abandoned hallway and room.If you enjoy horror games, but want something that will make you think afterwards, SOMA is the game for you."
,Recommended,282140,18180417,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DaKon,Perfect time for a good game like this.  Plays well.
,Recommended,282140,18180586,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Taxidermy,"Great atmosphere and story more than make up the mediocre monsters. However, I think this game would have been stronger without monsters at all."
76561198015319710,Recommended,282140,18180627,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,indyora,"Frictional Gets It(No Spoilers)I must begin this by disclosing that I am a long time supporter of Frictional Games, my first encounter being Penumbra: Overture. After that, I was hooked on Frictionals style and story-telling, even if I had to force myself through the scares.SOMA then.Visuals-To all veteran consumers of Penumbra and Amnesia, I am glad to say that this game is an amazing progression in almost every category while remaining true with tone and structure(more or less). The sounds and music are phenomenal; the former is utterly convincing and unnerving, the latter is subtly beautiful but powerful enough to drive across the new exciting tone SOMA has introduced. Voice acting is also nearly perfect. The visuals went far beyond what I expected and especially the underwater sequences were especially impressive. The crafting on the environments is also superb. When on entering a bedroom, a messhall, or a laboratory, one can really feel the people who lived there and the events which took place. While not all the areas are outright oppressive, they feel established and genuine.Gameplay-I found myself initially missing Amnesia: The Dark Descents inventory system, but it never really hampered my progression abillity apart from times when I didn't really know what my character was holding. Overall, I found the puzzles fun, although getting lost can be frusturating. The puzzle complexity is somewhere between the first Amnesia and Penumbra: Black Plague, leaning more toward Black Plague with the importance of computer terminals and electronic challenges. While hunting around for that one component that will make everything work is not fun, it did not happen often.Enemies/Horror-This is a scary game. Besides the plot, which I will get to, there are plenty of scares to be found in the bleak visuals, terrifying soundwork and, of course, the antagonists.  I actually found myself initially dissapointed by the levels of terror; after all, both the Penumbra and Amnesia games turned up the horror to 10 pretty speedily. I was soon to realize that this game had a different buildup. Instead of peaking near the middle, the scary in this game peaks near the end. This, along with the fact that I encountered different entities relatively breifly meant that I was rarely at ease in the later half of the game. In fact, I was in such a hurry to evade threats, that I surely missed out on some wonderfully designed environments. What little I saw of the creatures coming at me was very limited, but very effective at increasing my run speed; if anyone knows how much of a monster to show, it's Frictional. Of the sound, however, I got a larger sample. While time spent hoping that the shambling creature threateningly close would just go away was plenty, I never really felt bored due to the horror of their design. As for jumpscares / setpieces, there were two scripted scares I anticipated and one that I really didn't. The game is light on jumpscares, most of the horror comes from the dread of going forward.Narrative-Probably the most vivid aspect of an already intense game. As the header indicates, I won't spoil anything, but the story is worth at least a second and third look. In addition to the contextual fright that it adds, it's just plain amazing. The view gleamed in the course of the game seems only like a peek at the massive framework behind it all. Frictional in the past has had problems with ending the story in a way beffiting the rest of the plot, but in my opinion Frictional gets it right here. I will not say any more, but I am already excited to delve into the plot more and more even as I have already finished the game.As for anyone who is unaware of previous Frictional Games, this game is for you too. If you are a horror enthusist, sci fi fan, or someone just looking for an experience that isn't dull and washed out, an experience that meant something to your mind: I would highly reccomend a playthough of this game made by a passionate studio by five years of work."
76561198050593699,Recommended,282140,18180639,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Zaedrin,"Cold. Lonely. Brooding. Hateful. Alien.Five words that best describe the atmosphere of SOMA, befitting for a storyline about the relationship between reality, humanity and a fast-approaching future of technological progress. Every room felt so authentic and even if you absolutely, positively knew that you were in a safe, story-based part of the game, it still had the feeling that you were being watched by some terrible intelligence. The slower, more puzzle-based sections made the more ""active"" portions all the more terrifying because you'll be content in a place of certain safety with the full knowledge that you have to leave it again to press on.My sole issues with the game are that the game chugs from time-to-time (though it may be because my laptop needs a bit of an update), you cannot hide in closets or put up barricades anymore and the monsters have this annoying habit of opening up doors without a single issue.You'll have a few laughs and smiles here and there in odd places, but remember: You are alone. Nameless abominations stalk the dark hallways. You're trapped on the bottom of the sea and you don't even know if you're even the slightest bit Human anymore.And nobody on the surface can help you.Welcome to SOMA."
76561198019742740,Recommended,282140,18180671,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Thunder_3k,"Ok, I've spent just shy of 20 hours in this game reaching the end. This is without a doubt one of the most thought provoking games I've ever played. The story takes many unexpected turns and tackles quite a few subjects like survival, morality, and what it really means to be human. The horror encounters arent always really as scary as you would expect, I found myself more terrified of the sound design of the environment and the petrifying, bleak atmosphere the game gives you. This is not a happy game, but it doesnt need to be. The writing is good, and the voice acting is spot on. The puzzles dont feel like stereotypical video game puzzles, like the resident evil cranks and whatnot. They actually feel right, like it would if you were just a random guy who didn't know  how to work these strange machines. This isnt a game that holds your hand, it takes some patience to work out where to go sometimes, but you feel a good sense of accomplishment when you do. My problems with the game were fairly small, mostly some performance problems here and there, graphical bugs, fell through the world once. And while there arent very many loading screens at all, they did take a LONG time for me. All in all I definitely reccomend this to anyone interested in either a horror game, or just a very intriguing story to dive into."
,Recommended,282140,18180847,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Deity,"Like Frictional's previous games, (Amnesia, Penumbra), Soma focuses on atmosphere and immersion to create an extremely engrossing world, with more psychological scares than jump scares. However, unlike it's predecessors, Soma focuses more on story than gameplay. But it's always hard to write a review for story focused games, as the things that make this game so great are the things that can easily be spoiled by mentioning them. All I can say is that this game is the most philosophical game on Steam so far. I can easily recommend it if you feel like entertaining the intellectual part of your mind. This game deserves at least one reward."
,Recommended,282140,18180914,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Cobalt,"Feels like the next step from their past games. More variety of enemies and environments than previously. Decent number of jump scares, nice psychological type of horror game. I'm definitely enjoying the hell out of this!After finishing the game: I overall loved SOMA. I had no trouble getting immersed and being on edge for a great deal of time and even being scared a few times. I watch and play a lot of horror/scary movies and games, so I'm pretty desensitized by it all. SOMA took a different angle through using philosophical and psychological means to create tension and horror in the situations you're presented with whether in person (in character) or through audio logs.Most definitely NOT the scariest game I've ever played, but damn if it doesn't make you think and enjoy the hell out of doing so."
76561198075127068,Recommended,282140,18181410,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Phoenix_The_Kid,"Gloomy, atmospheric and somewhat melancholy.  This game is as philosophical as it is creepy - at times, you'll be holding your breath, hiding in corners and trying to dodge monsters.  Other moments, you'll be exploring the environment and picking up little clues.  This isn't a game that you play to win.  It's a game that you play to discover and ponder.  It is also very much a horror game - expect tense situations, the occasional jump scare, and a building sense of dread.The puzzles throughout the game were more challenging than its predecessor, Amnesia: The Dark Descent.  I was left scratching my head on a few occasions, though if you keep exploring and trying everything available, the solution usually presents itself and saves you from having to look up the solution online.The monster AI also got a little trickier - they can hear you much better, and they tend to adjust their patrol routes based on where your character was detected.  There are also a host of different monsters with different behaviors, and you must figure out how each monster works to successfully evade them.Some cons with the game - make sure your video settings are adjusted correctly.  Even at some of the lowest video settings, I experienced some framerate drop and lagging, especially in the larger environments and extremely sensitive situations, for example, when an angry monster is chasing you as if you just insulted the entire maternal side of its family.  Loss of coordination due to framerate drop can make for some clumsy gameplay and repeated, frustrating deaths."
,Recommended,282140,18197064,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,sufjanstevens,"Three hours in and I have to say this is wonderful. I'm not the biggest horror buff, and I have to say this is truly perfect. It's definitely difficult and frightening, but the challenges do seem more manageable somehow, and the horror still feel complete, but balanced. The pace of the game seems amazing and the story is perfectly solid. It's truly engaging and wonderful. I can't wait for tomorrow to come so I can complete the game.The years of work they put into this masterpiece really shows, and if you're debating whether or not to get this game, do it. Do it right now. You won't regret it.Edit: I'd like to say that anytime I think of this game or of any part of the ocean below the surface, I am actually afraid. This game has seriously made me afraid of the ocean (and humanity, but that was already kinda there)"
76561197996409699,Recommended,282140,18308404,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,dschhhhh,"Oh my, just finished Soma after 11 hours of gameplay.This is quite possibly the best game I have played in years, alongside with The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, BioShock and Alien: Isolation.Where to begin.. The game has a fantastic atmosphere, it plays well, mechanics work and quite honestly I was never annoyed.What really drew me in was the story. If you're the kind of gamer who likes to read every bit of clues, listen to every audiotape etc. this game is possibly the best choice you can find at the moment of writing. I found myself concocting theories of what had happened, piecing together the puzzle. The tension-release-balance is very enjoyable - storywise and actionwise.Without talking too highly I must point out that games like Soma are for certain type of gamers and not everyone's cup of tea. Long story short, if you enjoy a good thriller & adventure with a very good narrative GET THIS GAME. Play it alone with your headphones on in a dark room - not because the game is frightening (it is at times) but because you will be deeply immersed in the world this way."
76561197999352080,Recommended,282140,18311788,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,nomakdr,"""Masterpiece"" is the right word for it. Narrative is superb, the story is superb (although somewhat predictable if you paid attention to the details) except for some slight oversights, gameplay is smooth. The stealth parts are limited to certain smalls areas without compromising the feeling of horror and despair, while benefitting fun, exploration and story development, and adding to the challange without becoming frustrating, or slowing you down too much.The setting is incredibly alive (not literally) and well designed.The voice acting is good, dialogues are good and the philosophical aspects of the situation are deeply and thoroughly explored, without ever getting boring or too far fetched. The length is also perfectly set.Technically, graphics are good enough, performance is mostly smooth exept in some loading points, audio is simply great and adds a lot to the atmosphere.Way to go, devs."
76561198063682547,Recommended,282140,18316139,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gamers Against Anime,"Some games are meant to be fun and to let us forget about reality, however sometimes a game comes along that makes you question reality itself. Soma is one of those rare games point blank. Frictional Games flirted with greatness on this one and almost achieved it, this is a major improvement over the now classic A:TLD. The single player is not very long, about 8 hours in total, but the questions you will have at the end is worth the price of admission. In Soma there is no right choice, there is no wrong choice, and you will always walk away wondering if you have strayed too far from humanity. 8/10"
,Recommended,282140,18307847,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Amoapay,"I'm sure that this will not happen, but for me this is the game of the year, possibly one of my favourites, ever.It mixes the best of the series in the most minimalist way making it easier in terms of controls and very inmerssive, it too mixes themes from games like Bioshock.The story is close to one of science fiction's classic authors (Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Asimov...). This is one of the best games you can buy, period."
,Recommended,282140,18311583,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Helvetika,"8.5/10 - Well worth purchasing and playing.21 hours and a few small heart attacks later, I finally beat Soma.  Designed by Frictional Games (the creators of Amnesia), it truly stands out as a masterpiece in the stealth/survival horror genre.The story was well crafted and the creators did a great job of landing it at the end to the point where I felt unsettled by it and the choices I made well after I had beaten the game.  The sound effects were also superb!  I was more unsettled by the things I heard than what I actually saw, many times.  That, along with the fascinating setting (think Bioshock meets Amnesia), really made for an atmospheric and immersive experience!My only qualm was that the voice acting came off a little flat.  The inflections in the characters voices just did not convey the true horror of what was happening around them and came off as very matter of fact.  As if seeming to compensate for this, the main character would fill the silence during certain scenes by getting very long winded and philisophical about pivotal moments during the game's story.  As if the creators of the game did not fully trust that players would be able to pick up on those elements themselves.With the exception of the voice acting (which wasn't terrible - just not great), it was an excellent game and well worth playing!"
76561198066345626,Recommended,282140,18312245,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Jake,"I make it a point to buy games like this and support developers like this.An excellent game, and an excellent thought provoking story that leave you with few philosophical questions,..Well done Frictional games. Worth the wait and looking forward to your next release.Best game since Alien Isolation. (Which was the best game since Amnesia a machine for pigs)"
76561197967862892,Recommended,282140,18196681,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,RTKGuy,"The short of it: this is a great horror game. If you like Amneisa, if you like horror-themed games in general, buy and play it.The long of it: while I doubt this game will have the same impact on the gaming community that Amnesia did, SOMA is pretty damn good regardless.Pros:- A great story. If you've watched the trailers, you'll know that transhumanism runs strong here, with questions about what is to be human, and how our technological progress might one day dangerously blur the line between humanity and machine. Trust me, you don't know how far down the rabbit hole goes on this one.- New and improved graphics make this a gorgeous and atmospheric game, with an immersive world that draws you in. It makes you want to stop and look around a bit... if you ever felt like it was safe to do so.- The game uses much of the same gameplay model as Amnesia, so yes, you will be hiding and running from your adversaries. For some, that may not be innovative enough, but I think the model still works to ramp up the tension and scares. And there are some great sequences beyond the ""being hunted"" moments as well.Cons:- Not very replayable. I don't know if the mod scene will be as strong here as it was for Amnesia, but we'll see.- The game uses a lot of blurring and distortion effects. Good for atmosphere, bad on the eyes at times. It may or may not affect your enjoyment of the game, but you can dial down such things if it gets to you.- Not the best voice-acting from the protagonist, though other characters are more serviceable.So, again, if you like your games horrific and thought-provoking, give this one a go."
,Recommended,282140,18308724,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CheaptardBill,"SOMA takes the player on a thrill ride under the depths of the ocean. Despite having not finished the game, I would have to say that I was taken aback by how this game did not show any signs of Frictional wanting to coast off of their past successes. They reintroduce the ""don't look at the enemy"" mechanic in such a way that it did not feel stale. 10/10 would replay this game after my initial let's play series."
76561198027879261,Recommended,282140,18312334,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,INK,cant recomend enough  8)
,Recommended,282140,18317749,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,DeadMeat,"Was enjoyable, you can become very involved. Kinda has a replay appeal. A good amount of hours to the game completion."
,Recommended,282140,18318528,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Tsukiko,"This game is a very good representation of horror, one that i would definitely recommend to any who like horror games.I would describe it as containing fear of the environment (dark and foreboding, with really good sound placement that constantly kept my nerves on high), fear of the things that go bump in the dark (these sections are really tense and made me yelp quite a few times) and fear of myself, which is the point of the game as the choices given to me, the things I had to do to finish the game made me question who i am and what i was willing or unwilling to do to progress the story.Long after the credits finished i'm still pondering and thinking about the game, it really is well written and thought provoking!Graphics are really impressive, the underwater sections are a beauty to walk through and the interior environments incredibly detailed.Sound is brilliant in this as I already mentioned, i do recommend having surround sound of some sort on during this.It plays almost identically to the Amnesia games (no surprise there) and is pretty solid. My only quib with controls is for a game based on stealth and hiding/running from enemies in those sections, you are pretty limited in what you can do, something that i would love to see enhanced for future Frictional games :-)Highly recommended game, i loved every minute and do not regret dropping all games to play this on release :-)Nominating this game, best ""whoa dude"" game :-)"
,Recommended,282140,18196721,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,SilverLogic,Epic.
,Recommended,282140,18311961,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dust980,"TLDR: a great experience both from a horror stand point and philosophical one.---Wall of text---I've always thought of story driven games as a sort of cross between movies and books, you have the length and depth of story from a book, you can pause it at any time to continue later it also has the visual and audio work like that of a movie. Unlike a movie or a book though you are not a passive receiver of the story but rather active. SOMA also manages too feel like a book without any explicit need too stop the experience through save stations or such things, just play for a while, immerse yourself as much as you like and stop when ever you want or need too.SOMA manages to deliver both on story and feeling as well as touch on some rather deep philosophical questions about the self and what it means to exist. Being a fan of both Horror and sci-fi combined with a like for philosophical ideas made this game almost ridiculously tailored to things I like so i might be somewhat bias, but to me SOMA did not disappoint. The ideas presented in SOMA are some I've thought of myself from time to time, and SOMA is now a great excuse for me to talk to my friends about these concepts. To those not familiar with these ideas I urge you to play this game: It is likely blow your mind, and will lead to some interesting conversations.Like any great movie or any great book SOMA leaves you feeling a little different and with some strange new thoughts in your head."
76561198027258084,Recommended,282140,21108532,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,melkor23,"This game truly great, so that i think best game of 2015! Graphic is mehhh but story is epic with terrific mystery."
76561198190865965,Recommended,282140,21092893,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Whisper,Great game. not as scary as I had hoped. but a great story
,Recommended,282140,18424674,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,p-himik,"One of the very small amount of games for which I was ready to sacrifice my sleep. Not that it that scary, no - I just didn't want it to end."
76561197970545173,Recommended,282140,22137599,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lord Kronox,"I have been a hardcore PC gamer since 1994. I have seen the industry make leaps and bounds in both technology and quality in the 1990's. I have seen things gradually slow down in both aspects over the past 22 years... console ports be damned!! SOMA and games like it are why I still play.Triple A game developers are the bane of the true gamer. SOMA is a well deserved slap in the face to companies like EA and UBISOFT. Half the price of their titles and I sincerely am enjoying this game more than any ""triple A"" title in recent memory.Buy it, play it, you won't regret it!!"
,Recommended,282140,21518303,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,*Noose Noises*,"Great game, I feel that this game has some legit horror rather than just cheap jumpscares.And the story man! What a great ending. <310/10"
,Recommended,282140,31478227,Posted: 30 April,all,Huzzah!,"Very few games can offer an experience as richly detailed and profound as Soma. I find it difficult to name a flaw with this title, especially one that can't be addressed with mod support.Great characters, writing, graphics, sound design, I could go on. If you want a game that makes you think and feel, look no futher."
,Recommended,282140,31548163,Posted: 4 May,all,Nec,"great ♥♥♥♥ing game, very easy to immerse urself in with an atmosphere like that. seems like a survival-horror bioshock at first and the enemy-ai is a bit easy to trick, tho theres a mod to fix that... or a mod to remove the monsters entirely, if u prefer a real horror experience without the tension of hide'n'seek.if u enjoyed outlast, u should give this one a shot."
,Recommended,282140,24052319,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,boxxy,"Jokes on you Frictional, I'm already destroyed emotionally!20/10"
,Recommended,282140,24089771,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jinsai,"SOMA is a great interactive story, but it stumbles when it tries to add gameplay. SOMA is best appreciated as a kind of interactive movie, where the player must take action and do things to advance the plot. The story arc is quite satisfying.However, that great story is undermined by a few nuisances. There are a number of ""stealth"" sequences where you must try to avoid the gaze and proximity of some unkillable enemies. These sections feel both out-of-place and poorly implemented. I found them more frustrating and annoying than satisfying. There's a modified version of the game that removes these entirely, and you may want to go right for that.This ""story/game"" conundrum is responsible for the only other minor negative comments I would have about SOMA. It's overwhelmingly linear (there's often literally only one way to go, and only one way to solve every problem) and it has nearly no replay value. But the same could be said of a great movie or story.SOMA is arguably a new kind of storytelling that sits between a linear narrative such as a book or movie and a fully interactive game. I look forward to a virtual reality adaptation, and similar things to come."
76561198059613801,Recommended,282140,31799785,Posted: 16 May,all,kush_Monster the Devourer,"spoilers present BEEP BEEPYou ever have that one game that you can just ramble on forever about?SOMA's that, for me. Just listen to me for a sec, please. I'll explain why I like a relatively obscure/no-longer-relevant robot game from 2015 so much.SOMA is just.. a masterpiece. My machine can't quite handle the latest graphics, but it gave me quite an atmospheric experience. I spent a whole week [combined time] just curled up on the couch, laptop chugging along as I pretended I was a dead guy animated via grey- black goo in a set of power armor.I'll be the first to admit its flaws. It's not got too much gameplay at ~30$, the story is kinda badly paced, and the monsters are admittedly bad. They serve primarily as a way to ferry you along to and fro along the way.The story of Catherine and Simon is one of ships passing in the night- for the most part. They DO [SPOILERS] make it onto the Ark, but the real ones are still in the bottom of the ocean. The real part of humanity died at their hands, but it almost evolved into a different form, that of a digital species.I have a fear of the ocean, especially deep, dark water. Guess what SOMA has plenty of? You feel truly isolated in your suit- usually, when you are walking on the sea floor, you're without Catherine to help you along. Except for non-sapient dog-float-bots that weld doors for you, you're entirely alone with your thoughts.I'd give SOMA a 7.5-9/10. It's got its flaws, but it's well worth it. YES, it's a walking simulator, but it does it properly, where the story is able to accessed as you go along, but you can play through it again, just to explore a bit more. Every PC that still runs after the asteroid impact and ensuing PATHOS-ii chaos can be accessed. You can really look into people's lives.I need my SOMA fix, damnit."
,Recommended,282140,31797065,Posted: 16 May,all,AnimeEDM,Love games like this!LoreFinding out whats going onVery story deepRoom for your mind to explore on the possibiltiesquite tense and scary at timesTHIS!! THIS IS A GOOD HORROR game!
,Recommended,282140,31712473,Posted: 12 May,all,M0rph3u5,"I hardly leave reviews for games on Steam, but after finishing this game just few minutes ago, I gotta say: this is one of the best games that I have ever played. A true and thoroughly enjoyable survival horror with a superb story, acting and direction. If you are like me and love horror/Sci Fi/Mistery games/movies  and loved silent hill, dead space, alien: isolation, outlast, and movies like inception, interstellar, matrix, source code, moon, oblivion... then this you will love this game.Honestly, the story and the situation that you experience are epic... I never completed or played Amnesia before so I can't compare this game to amnesia, but to me this game is better than tens of AAA games. Thanks for the developers for such a great experience ... probably the best 19 hours that I spent playing a game. I would love it if it was in VR, it would rock the world!!"
76561198086093824,Recommended,282140,31659042,Posted: 9 May,all,Got to be Real,"I cannot recommend this game enough.A masterpiece.To say it's a horror game does not do it justice; it's a soul-searching journey into questioning humanity that pays homage a lot to the ideas in Bladerunner.What is it to be human? Is technology actually part of a kind of evolutionary process on the way to being better? The questions that SOMA asks makes this game a deeply involving experience as you play through it, where you are  faced with some hard facts and choices that make you really stop and think.Yes it is a linear story, but it could also equally be described as a successive shattering through veils of realisation and conciousness.The game world itself is superbly realised; lovely graphics, crafted environments that are a reflection of the dual aspects of humanity; wonderful, beautiful and niaeve, countered by the deeply nightmarish and disturbing.I terms of gameplay it's like a stealth/horror; you will have to use shadows and some other very unusal and nicely inventive ways of avoiding *harm*, but there are times when you will just unavoidably have to run like mad to escape certain death....or worse! You won't always be in this situation though having to dodge nasties, and I think the game gets the balance just right; most of the game is infact dialogue and uncovering the deeply immersive story.Everyone needs to play this at least once.A highly appropriate quote from one of my all time fave movies Contact: ""You're an interesting species. An interesting mix. You're capable of such beautiful dreams, and such horrible nightmares."""
76561198007807405,Recommended,282140,31207971,Posted: 17 April,all,NathanB92,"If you like a good sci fi story play this game, it's extremely atmospheric and very thought provoking. You won't be disappointed."
76561197971887144,Recommended,282140,23496012,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,hi im bob,"Love this genre, and this is definitely a great addition. I give it 80%.If you loved Amnesia: the dark descent, definitely give this a go. Otherwise, maybe not for you.Pros:- Story, plot and characters are great, espcially for sci-fi lovers- Dialogue as you play is smooth, believable and carrys the plot well- Underwater scenes look great- Occasional sense of dread really adds to the plotCons:- Most of the monsters are great, but some are lame- Avoiding monsters by hiding against walls gets old fast, more options would be nice"
76561198038625342,Recommended,282140,29813189,Posted: 9 February,all,Dash,"Well if you're going to play just one survival horror game this year you should definitely play...Alien Isolation.  SOMA is good, but it's no Alien Isolation.  Alien Isolation does literally everything better then SOMA and I feel it's pretty clear SOMA was heavily inspired by Alien Isolation.  From the way Simon moves to the way he interacts with the environment all try and deliver a very tactile feel.  It's very well done, but not as well done as Alien Isolation.  The monsters that are constantly chasing you have a more Silent Hill feel then anything...sadly the way they move is often times ridiculously unfair.  In Alien you feel like the creature is outsmarting you, in SOMA well...in SOMA you can't do much but run.  You are faster then all the monsters so long as you are constantly moving.  Hiding doesn't work, they tend to directly block exits so you have to join them in basically a game of tag so you can get passed them.  It's by far the worst part of the game.The story is at least very enjoyable although extremely predictable. You are basically the last man on Earth after a comet wipes out all life on Earth.  You wake up in a research facility under the sea and try and figure out what has happened to the last survivors.  Sadly the story is told through notebooks, computer terminals, and voice recordings.  I think this is a terrible way to tell the story, it's not enjoyable and i wish games would stop doing it.  Eventually you meet Catherine and the two of you go on a quest to try and save the human race from extinction.  Luckily, I loved Catherine, if you don't like her, you really aren't going to like the game as I said the plot is pretty straightforward.The goal of the game is to use a space cannon under the sea to launch a computer with the virtual personas of all the people left on Earth into space so something of humanity can survive.  Meanwhile, an AI goes through with it's own plan to save humanity...by using nanites to reanimate/rebuild biologic and machine parts into one.  So basically zombie cyborgs...not a plot point I'm a fan of.  They also have the predictable plot point of one of the last humans going crazy and wiping out all other survivors.  Sigh, scifi works need to stop that, it's not a twist at this point.  I'm not sure if i would even call the ""twists"" in the story twists...you basically know everything from the start.  It's clearly obvious that Simon died in ""the present"" and his brain scan in the future was put into a robot.  I thought this was handled pretty well though as i felt the game also expected you to know this.  So when Simon found out, he's just like, ""yup, that makes sense.  Sure wish i wasn't a robot.""  The other ""twists"" are not handled so well sadly.  First, a big twist is that brain scans can't be transfered to new robot bodies, only copied.  I hated this ""twist"" as it doesn't make any sense.  I can transfer computer files from one computer to another without copying.  The fact you can't do this in the game is ridiculous...especially since it's a critical plot point because it means you can't escape from your robot body.  You just have to accept that in the game fiction it's just a fact.  I can kind of explain it away by saying, well the brain scans were for humans, to simply make a virutal copy of them, the machines didn't think an actual robot would be using the brain scan machines,  so i guess that's why their is no transfer option.  Still it's a weak plot point.I find it even more frustrating, because another big twist is Simon doesn't understand this despite Catherine telling him it.  So the whole game you are trying to launch the virutal reality ark into space and until literally the last minute I assumed Simon understood it was just going to be a copy of him on the ark.  Instead the game ends with you screaming at Catherine for lying to you as he is stuck on the dying earth and his virutal self escapes.  It's just baffaling, since for 1.  Catherine explains this to you multiple times 2.  Simon acknowledges it and is upset by how stupid that is.  It's a very weak plot point and made me really hate Simon, basically I think Simon and Catherine's roles should have been reversed as I liked Catherine drastically more.After all my problems with the game and story telling I still enjoyed my time playing it though.  I loved the world it created, exploring all environments were a real treat. I adored the underwater world and the sound design is quite impeccable. It just in no way stacks up to the greatness of Alien Isolation, but if you already played that game and want something extremely similar definitely give SOMA a try.  #WORTH $5."
76561197998530793,Recommended,282140,31725635,Posted: 13 May,all,Ghost,"This game is within the line of Amnesia the Dark Descent. Graphics are pretty good, although some areas could have used some more work. Performance was overall good on GTX 1070 (nvidia surround) but, off and on, there would be frame rate drops for no good reasons. But, the main point of this game is the story line, which approach an interesting subject on what his life, how to define it, is it real or is all justr a dream. This where SOMA shines, it will keep you glued to the screen :) I would highly recommend the game but keep in mind, it only took me 9 hours to finish it and collect all the achievements."
76561198092536861,Recommended,282140,24801691,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,=SRR= a dying giraffe,"I finished this game almost four months ago - just a single playthrough - yet I cannot stop thinking about the story and its philisophical questions. Mechanically, its similar to any of the ""hide and seek"" type survival games where you generally have little to no ability to defend yourself against the game's enemies. There are puzzles and other barriers to progress, these  are somewhat of a challenge and fun to solve. The atmosphere and theme, however, are incredibly immersive, thought provoking, and put this game over the top in terms of a gaming experience. I would definitely recommend this game, as well as playing it through slowly to absorb all the little details that flesh out the story. It is also a game that you want a friend to playthough so you can discuss what happens after you both have finished."
76561198050719792,Recommended,282140,31735062,Posted: 13 May,all,Mr Crowley,"Difficult questions with terrible answersIf you've played any of the Amnesia games then you know what to expect from the controls, the graphics are nice, the sound is excellent, the script and VO are great.I wish I could recommend this game twice.  The most existentially disquitening game I've ever played."
,Recommended,282140,31847157,Posted: 19 May,all,WallaWallas,"SOMASOMAwas my first title fromFrictional Games, and I loved every second of it. A very scary experience all the way through, and it does not rely on cheap tactics like jump scares. Puzzles are challenging but not frustrating, story is very interesting and original, andSOMAdoes not overstay its welcome at about 10 hours.Summary and Target Price PointSOMAis a very interesting and scary8 out of 10sci-fi horror game providingabout 10 hours of gameplay.SOMAis normally priced at $29.99, but has been as low as $9.99 on Steam.Get it for $10 for a great deal, but if you are a big fan ofFrictional Games, do not hesitate to spend $15.Check outthis linkto compare price and price history ofSOMAfrom your favorite retailers."
76561198042172709,Recommended,282140,25665390,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Xay,"I have played a lot of games in my life. You'd expect any game with a big and intense story that comes close to 40 hours of total story time to mortify themselves into your mind. And later when you play more games you will notice repeating patterns within each of these stories. You will start thinking and predict what will happen next. And if you stay true to the patterns that a lot of game stories put into sunlight, you will be right with your prediction. For some this is already a turnoff, such as for me.SOMA on the other hand has managed to teach me how naive my predicting ability can be. Every major cut scene turns your thoughts upside down. You are constantly rethinking the story's continuation. I have never paid so much attention to a game's story than in this one. Apparently I took more time to complete the game than others here because of this even. It literally absorbs you, which is absolutely magnificent.The ambient atmosphere of the game created by the level design and the lovely experimental music added to the whole experience, and I was actually sad when the game ended. Not because of the end itself, but because I kept thinking about the themes presented in the game for an entire ♥♥♥♥ing week.Thank you FG."
76561198133678722,Recommended,282140,28228625,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,mcollisprivate,"I love this game.If you are like me, and love the scare factor of Alien and the suspense of films like Sphere, then this might be up your street.Some may find the game a little linear but I love it as it unfolds a pretty rich story.The moment sof suspence and chill is wonderful and is better (althought similar) to Alien Isolation.Never played Amnesia but guess thats my next stop (still prefer the space and underwater angle).The physics engine is very good and there are lots of areas that dont need to be there for the game but are over engineered just for our enjoyment of the story.Enjoy"
76561197964403446,Recommended,282140,28879480,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Parzivil,One of the most well written stories in a game I've EVER played.
,Recommended,282140,28662626,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mhmacleod,"An amazing combination of Amnesia (horror/survival which I couldn't bring myself to finish) & Swapper (which I finished but wasn't too impressed with).There isn't much that can't be said about the game without giving away the amazing (though a tad depressing) story away, but basically it's a story in which a man finds himself displaced in time and struggling against unexplainable monsters, the dangers of the aquatic abyss, with both the survival of himself and ultimately the entire human race itself at stake.The horror, gameplay, and exploration elements are perfect - bug-free, good with pacing and theatrics, full of detail and sights. The sequences where you escape from monsters and other means of death really have that skin-of-your-teeth feel that nothing else really comes close to, and the puzzles and control mechanics are both solvable and immersive - nothing is really frustrating. The story too, keeps propelling you forwards, always revealing something while opening up more questions...it's a fairly long game too, so there's so much to see and do.The best part of the game is, I feel, the story's use of philosophical questions it poses on identity, consciousness, AI...ethics even. The Swapper used this as a game mechanic; this game made it the plot device, and all the better for it. Almost every aspect of the fundamental question of identity is very cleverly executed here: you could see much of these coming as the clues pile up on you, but the big reveals always manage to stun you. The protagonist's reaction to all of this reaches out to the audience as his situation is exactly how we'd feel - and with the first-person mode of story-telling; no narration distance here. This is the perfect textbook example to the use of games as an introduction to philosophy and storytelling.If there's anything that's possibly a drawback to this game, it's the horror and helplessness - yeah I know this is a horror game and it's pedigree says as much, but I really enjoyed the exploration parts of it so much more, when you had more time to fill in the backstory and take in the sights, as it were.So, if you haven't figured it out yet: yes definitely get this. If you're in for horror, exploration, a gripping story with lots of questions to keep you up at night...this is the game for you. Don't get this if you're aquaphobic though: Subnautica freaked me out and this makes it so much worse..."
76561198214379649,Recommended,282140,28602415,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Naught,Masterpiece
76561197984157194,Recommended,282140,29728447,Posted: 5 February,all,drakien1,A masterpiece of story telling wrapped inside a horror game. Question what it is to be human.
76561198007578151,Recommended,282140,27349817,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Fear,"Very few of my friends play video games, and so it is incredibly rare for me to discuss gaming with them. However the story, themes, and atmosphere of this game were so phenomenal I found myself raving about it constantly. While there are horror aspects to the game, I found the vibe to be much closer to the movie Alien than to games such as Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Even those who shy away from horror games should give SOMA a chance, especially if you can pick it up on sale.As some have said before, and without giving much away, this experience will almost definitely leave you asking yourself ""What does it mean to be human?""10/10"
,Recommended,282140,29043050,Posted: 5 January,all,Fjorlorn,"I was sincerely dissapointed with ""A Machine for Pigs"" after playing through Amnesia multiple times. This is the true follow up experience to the Amnesia series. Excellent storytelling, great voice acting, amazing atmosphere. A little buggy at times, and some of the objectives can be not so straight forwards, but the storytelling is superb. Throughout the game, there is an overarching question; ""What is human?"" The game explores this question fantastically."
,Recommended,282140,29064172,Posted: 6 January,all,Szahraj,The best adventure I've ever experienced in a computer game.
,Recommended,282140,22445602,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,RogueRAZR,"Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ this game.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,20947579,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Bedshaped,"Pros: Excellent ominous atmosphere. Intelligent plot and very well fleshed out characters and backstory. Graphically it is superb, with effects that really immerse you in the undersea world and make you fear the darkness.Cons: Animations are poor at times. Not enough enemy encounters; a lot of the time there is a huge build up towards a very short encounter in each 'zone'."
,Recommended,282140,19498821,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dapperchap,"I highly recommend this game if you want a good scare and a thought provoking story.The games narrative is very enjoyable, well written and acted. The story deals with the perception of consciousness and existence.The action  is slow and drawn out to build up a feeling of unease for the player. This will put you on edge knowing there will soon be moments of horror and panic, requiring the player to act quickly."
76561198097573645,Recommended,282140,19641720,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Therosss,"Not Your typical ""horror"" game.The gameplay is somewhat easy - this is the only downside.The rest, however can get a rating in between great and near perfect.An ""atmosphere"", audio/visual presentation belong to the latter.Totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,282140,19853436,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Spike,Not just a scifi-Amnesia. Excellent story. Must play!
76561198031794528,Recommended,282140,19952333,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Theholyevil,"Breakfast time kids! Today's special: philosophy! With a side order of: Horror!SOMA is a wonderful game that I would consider a masterpeice. It's puzzle based gameplay by far exceeds my expectations. Might even place the bar right next to portal. But you are buying a game that is going to ask you some tough questions. And that is where the game is at.Overall, SOMA  is the only game I have ever played that left me depressed after playing it. It is good, but it is going to wear on you phychologically.I do NOT recommend this game to everyone. But it was an enjoyeble to the finish so it gets my seal of approval. If you want a happy game with you feeling like a badass, take a pass on this game. If you want to see how far your humanity will take you, while dodging all manor of ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is that?!"" Take this game for a spin."
76561198045453649,Recommended,282140,20478234,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,doskido,SOMA is alive like so many games today-- unfortunately-- are not.
,Recommended,282140,20674162,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Callamastia,"SOMA is a perfect balance of scary and cool. I can't help but admire the design of all the monsters and the places. If you're up for a scary game without jumpscares, here you go. Take it. It's good. Really good."
,Recommended,282140,21310263,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Buckeye Burl,Incredible! Everyone needs to play SOMA.
76561198014177230,Recommended,282140,19492903,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,P1ague91,This game made me question reality10/10
76561198053666134,Recommended,282140,19923728,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,FagartLort,SOMA was an absolutely horrifyingly amazing game I hope there is more coming soon :)
76561197970729817,Recommended,282140,19997771,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rinston,"Pros:Great Hard Sci-fi story.Mystery keeps you hooked through every level.Solid graphics.Good voice acting.Great level design.Genuinly creepy.Cons:It ended.Summery:  9/10SOMA is in the same vein as Alien Isolation, but more of a mystery (as long as you haven't read all the reviews!)It is clever in the way the designers have taken a lot of great story elements from quality sci-fi, and assembled it into something original, if it was a book, i't be one you just couldn't put down."
,Recommended,282140,20232003,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,EJECTO SEATO CUZ,"More existential horror than jumpscare horror, really good story and setting"
,Recommended,282140,19588997,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sweatobble,"Frictional has done it again.Right off the bat, I want to say that I thought Frictional couldn't do better than Amnesia. And before they released that I thought Black Plague was as good as it was going to get.And now I sit here, right after finishing SOMA, and boy are there a lot of thoughts going through my head right now. First one: SOMA is incredibly good. Far better than Amnesia. It nails the feeling of isolation and claustrophobia right on the head, bringing back memories of the first Dead Space and Bioshock. And PATHOS-II truly does feel like an actual place. There are a large amount of rooms that, while not containing any important items story-wise, serve to give the feeling that it is more than just a couple of corridors slammed together with jump-scares tossed in for good measure. Kitchens, dormitories, common rooms, labs, infirmaries, and much more.  There are also more than plenty of optional story bits to find. Going through the logs of long-dead crewmen really makes you feel like the last man on earth, and the stories they tell are both saddening and disturbing. I didn't miss a single one, and am I glad I did. These help to complete the picture of the run-down underwater station.Finally, I have to say; the underwater parts are absolutelyphenomenal.Especially the later parts, going into the abyss. The vast expanse of jet blackness, while providing a welcome change from the usual cramped corridors, is still entirely dread-inducing as you await the many-teethed horrors beyond.From beginning to end, I loved my trip through PATHOS-II."
76561198043344778,Recommended,282140,19736247,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Memes That Aren't Funny,This game cured my constipation.
76561198042720319,Recommended,282140,19180576,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TheMadKing,This psychological horror game was the best I have ever played.  The story was beyond amazing.  Definately a must buy!
76561197975073736,Recommended,282140,31351619,Posted: 24 April,all,GiggityMonster69,Has renewed my faith in video games.  I did not expect this.
,Recommended,282140,18405519,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,driƒt,"One of the best games I've ever played and quite possibly the best horror game I've played. Tops the original Amneisa imo. The writing is some of the best writing I've ever seen in a game; the writing is that of a superbly written horror novel. This game is incredibly intelligent in getting the player to think about harrowing things, such as what it really means to be alive. Get this game."
,Recommended,282140,31350271,Posted: 24 April,all,End_eR,"SOMA is a narrativefirst-person horror game developed by Frictional Games, who are known primarily for the creation of Amnesia: The Dark Descent.First and foremost, I think I need to make it clear that i'm not usually a fan of the Horror genre. In fact, until recently, I wouldn't even look at a scary game. But, after much contemplation and mental psyching up, I eventually decided to wean myself into the genre. First, with a non-horror game; I chose Bioshock. A depressing and foreboding atmosphere, but one that fits somewhere into the ""Narrative Shooter"" area and doesn't feature massive horror elements. Then, I played through the first two Dead Space games. It should mean a lot when I say I absolutely love those two games. I'll rant about those in their respective reviews.Now, in my latest spooky-games outing, I think it's appropriate that I go back to what brought me in:THE OCEANSOMA takes place in a large series of undersea compounds in the far future that the protagonist must traverse in sequence. The game is a narrative experience, and that's made clear right from the tutorial, where your character is explained to be dying of brain hemorrhaging, and is about to undergo a series of experimental brain scans to try and cure himself. This propels the incredibly strong story forward as you attempt to discover the secrets of Pathos-II and learn about the people who lived, worked, and died there. Honestly, to say too much more would do a disservice to the reader and the game itself, but I will say that I felt incredibly engrossed in the two main characters, due primarily to extremely good writing and voice acting.The gameplay itself will be familiar to anyone who has played Amnesia. Lots of physics elements, scarce but terrifyingly powerful monsters, and logic puzzles are scattered throughout the game in abundance, and each feels like it spends just enough time with you before disappearing into the ether. That is, except for the Proxies. While I love the terror caused by having to sneak around tight corridors while watching out for how much sound I make, I would prefer if I didn't have to do it three times, with one section being a linear series of corridors where the proxy is directly ahead of me at almost all times. It's frustrating and somewhat tedious, but admittedly still fitting the game's dark atmosphere, so I'll give it a pass.I only ever got stuck on, maybe, two puzzles, both of which I was able to work through in ten or fifteen minutes. The puzzles themselves range wildly in both difficulty and variation, to the point where they are somewhat jarring. Several felt shoehorned, or had particularly obtuse solutions, but I enjoyed a few that where sprinkled in. Overall, I think it kind of took away from the overall atmosphere having to stop and play some pipe dream or a reflex test every twenty-five minutes. Although I enjoyed the hacking game in Bioshock, so maybe i'm just going a little wonky.Overall, SOMA is a rich narrative experience with some amazing horror themes and competent gameplay, that's only let down with some strange design choices in places. I highly reccomend."
76561197971031155,Recommended,282140,31350891,Posted: 24 April,all,trashboat,"In 12+ years of membership, this is the first game I've ""reviewed"" on steam. I don't have anything more to add to what has already been said by others. It's just fantastic, really!"
76561198226252640,Recommended,282140,31356268,Posted: 25 April,all,Just Another Gamer,"I don't normally go for titles in the horror genre, but I am a sucker for a good story and I noticed SOMA received good ratings and much high praise over it's story so when I noticed the game on sale I decided to set aside my distaste for horror to see what all the hoopla was about ... SOMA is a soul wrenching journey that will not disappoint. I was truly scared at times (but again I'm a new comer to horror), and the difficult choices embeded in the intriguing storyline have stayed with me - emotional and psychological scarring. Excellent sound fx, graphics, voice acting. I'm so glad I gave it a try!"
,Recommended,282140,31414227,Posted: 28 April,all,ApplesauseFabulous,This game is so freaking awesome!  I would highly recommend it!
76561198047260054,Recommended,282140,18968068,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,von Hötzendorf,"The philosophy of Talos + gameplay of Amnesia + horror of Dead SpaceTight story, very few plot holes. Linear gameplay, given some choices, but the choices won't matter in the end. I was pretty scared, even though dying shouldn't be a problem, the game successfully makes you feel like you really don't want to die and every sound becomes terrifying. Excellent graphics, beautiful environments. The sound is the best part, the really put a lot of time into making every sound just right with great timing.Definitely worth whatever they're charging for it."
76561198014779009,Recommended,282140,18467603,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Lunatic,"Frictional games aren't getting the attention they deserve, this game is brilliant with good athmosphere, just the required amount of mystery, characters who deserve to care about and variety. This game not only scares you but it gives you a description on what would happen if there was an answer to the question ""What is a soul?"", I don't want to give any spoilers but I can't wait you to try out this game. Frictional games, I want to be a game programmer and designer in the future, you are my first place to go for a job after college because I respect you as a company. Just terrific."
76561198018717261,Recommended,282140,29698332,Posted: 4 February,all,Lord Nibbler,"Brilliantly Put together, Beautifully set9/10Linux Support (AMD) 10/10 (0 errors)"
76561198024347699,Recommended,282140,18462491,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Hylian-Guy,"[This review does not contain spoilers]Frictional Games have yet again outdone themselves with another take on survival horror blended with their creative minds in storytelling. This is one of those games where as you play, it really leaves you thinking whether to make this decision, or that decision. And whether you feel if you've made the right one or not. It will happen a lot here. Be prepared to get scared or freaked out a few times, by the way. Which is always good haha.Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone out there that enjoy a great experience of suspense, thrills, rich storytelling, and lots of emotion thrown in. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,282140,20013808,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RAIZO,"SOMA was totally worth the wait.  Never before has exploring the depths of the ocean been so surreal and horrifying. Andrew Ryan can suck it!! This is the real Rapture...and it's absolutely terrifying! (Bioshock, I should apologize for that remark - I still love you xoxo)The sound design fills you with an overwhelming sense of dread, constantly making you question if you really did just hear something...or perhaps it was just your imagination. This game oozes personality and also oozes....a lot!! Seriously, there's ooze aplenty in this game.  The slippery, dripping sounds; your character creeping through darkened vents and hallways w/ labored breaths; flickering lights and the remains of crew that you discover along the way; the monstrous abominations and wildlife you'll encounter while in the station and outside it (don't even get me started on the Abyss...my sleep will be troubled for many years thanks to that place); all this makes for one truly unforgettable experience.The protagonist, Simon, is just an average joe w/ a head injury and thought he was going in for a revolutionary new scan of sorts that would increase his life expectany. Little did he know that it would work, though not in anyway he would have thought...he wakes up nearly 100 yrs later and that's when both the mystery and horror of the situation he finds himself in begins.  Now, armed with an Omnitool (why do I feel like all sci-fi games set in space or underwater always have one of these devices handy?) and the aid of Catherine, he'll unravel the shocking truth of the situation he has awoken to on the Pathos-II station.I can go on more about the plot but then I'd have to reveal dark/deep secrets that would ruin the experience for those that have yet to play this.If you've ever wanted to explore the murky depths of the ocean while digging away at the complexity of the human psyche, then look no further.  You've found the means of accomplishing both tasks at the same time - enjoy the ride!!"
,Recommended,282140,21035347,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Didjit,"Creepy.  Clever.I knew very little about the game before playing, which made all those levels of revelation thrilling.   It's a whole new feeling in an FP(S) to be defenseless, ducking into a corner to avoid a monster, unable to look at it, just hoping it doesn't see you.  The science/philosophy storyline is pretty smart too.  It's also gorgeous.ALSO:  Search on YouTube for some mini-episodes based on the game.  They're pretty clever too!  Wish it was a real show!"
76561198066473183,Recommended,282140,26710134,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BoneAppleTea,dang man that ending rly got me thumbs up errywhere
76561197969424669,Recommended,282140,20025168,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Galloway,"Insanely good, one of the best of all time. This is more philosophical horror than jumpscares or chase scenes. It gets on both a visceral and an intelelctual level."
76561198027852830,Recommended,282140,31468119,Posted: 30 April,all,Uncle Touchy,Soma is Super goood.
76561198068243442,Recommended,282140,28089045,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,r0gd0gmg0g,Not too many jump scares. Good game
,Recommended,282140,31519398,Posted: 3 May,all,Avitron 5000,"This is a beautifully made, thought-provoking sci-fi horror game. Do yourself a favor and play it. Just don't play it in the dark, unless you want to be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197973825494,Recommended,282140,31513499,Posted: 2 May,all,ohh_danielson,"This a game that will stay with you for a long time to come.I really liked the intro to the game, and the mystery around it all. As I got further into it, the game started to scare me, the atmosphere is fantastic and I often looked at two doorways and thought ""I hope I am picking the non-scary route""! The story intitally didn't grab me like it did others, I found it quite interesting, but nothing spectacular. But as you get further in, and understand it more, the more interesting it gets, and the more you hope you can achieve your goal.The game has some great puzzles, often with very little in the way of clues, but some are pretty clever and are challenging to do.Graphically the game is very good, the graphics work for the type of game for sure. The deep ocean feels fantastic, they really captured the atmosphere spot on.Negatives... not many really,. The main one is the lack of not knowing what you are doing at times, often you do not know if you are going the right way, or if what you are doing is correct... There is no indication a lot of the time, so occasionally I had to look online, as wasn't suire if the game was glitching on me or if I had missed something! The flip side of this is that the game doesn't hold your hand which is refreshing, but sometimes I did stuff, or ran away from stuff, not knowing if what I was doing was right. Sometimes it was, other times I did basically a big loop and wasted half hour of gametime (I'm looking at you Abyss!).The ending was very satisfying, which is always nice!Overall a very good game. I was looking forward to getting to the end, but it is certainly a game that I will remember."
,Recommended,282140,31481623,Posted: 1 May,all,DOGGO,this game make me question about my existence 10/10 best horror ever.
,Recommended,282140,31812224,Posted: 17 May,all,Atrumitos,"As far as I'm concerned, this is Frictional's best game. The story is very appealing, to me at least, since it's asking questions I've pondered before. Gameplay wise, it's classic Penumbra style stuff, with less physics puzzles and more scripted ones. Slight loss there but overall, it doesn't matter to me.In general, a great story, with a good amount of tension, that should please fans of the previous games and maybe create new ones."
,Recommended,282140,31546364,Posted: 4 May,all,Disco Duck,Frictional Games greatest!!Awesome game with a great story!Thanx:theta:
,Recommended,282140,21415809,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SepticK,One of the finest horror games ever made. Grim and thought provoking.  9/10
76561198044476906,Recommended,282140,18487468,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,s0b3rb1a,"For me, it is worth every cent and every month spent waiting since they announced it. The richness of the universe they've created is astounding. They paid so much attention to every detail, from the pieces and bits of info you can find throughout the game to the moral implications of every movement you make and decision you take. Well, I don't think my neutral-good decisions had an impact on the story but hey, it still gets you thinking.Also, you get a fair share of terrifying moments. Not just the usual jumpscares - which you may experience, too, as I have -, but an immersive (pun not intended) atmosphere that really gets you on your nerves and, at the same time, gets you more and more addicted to find out the hell happened there.The only downside I can mention is that the puzzles didn't feel difficult at all - which I didn't have a problem with anyway. I certainly recommend it if you love horror and sci-fi genres."
76561198142224013,Recommended,282140,24801423,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ecimir,The best since Alien Isolation.Focus is more on exploring then horror. There are not much scary moments but when they come they are indead scary.In my oppinion one of the best stories for horror game.My complain goes to enemy variation (they pretty much all behave the same) and I often didnt know what am I suppose to do.  Game rarely explains what to do and there is no map at all to track your movement.Overall 8.5/10
,Recommended,282140,18813513,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Classified,"Players of games like Outlast or Frictionals other games will feel right at home with the gameplay e.g, hear enemy = go hide, see enemy = run. But where SOMA separates itself is the Story and narrative, got nothing but praise for that, it delivers a very thought provoking journey and brings up alot of serious questions. The ending and the parts leading up to it is absolutely amazing, cutting edge.Buy it and experience it before someone spoils it for you, and please dont disregard it as a mere horror title."
,Recommended,282140,25318092,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Vellah,"A harrowing experience.  Incredible attention to detail in many regards; sound design, atmosphere, pacing, environment, storyline, etc.  I love how much information can be ascertained from the obvious things such as terminals and data caches (and that I actually had the desire to stop and check these things) but also from less obvious things like the placement of certain objects or the design of an area where you can find clues as to what happened.There are ""puzzles"" in the game, which I'm usually not the biggest fan of, but the implementation of these obstacles is excellent.  There is no cheesy highlighting of objects or arrows pointing to an objective, it's laid out for you to piece together, but not incredibly difficult.  Just challenging enough to make you ""panic"" as you try to piece together how to escape on the fly while narrowly avoiding certain death as the malicious being lurking in the dark breathes down your neck.  It's very satisfying to figure out what to do on your own without someone holding your hand; at the same time it's great relief, because you survived and no one was holding your hand, as you are very much alone.The interaction system is very good as well, it was good in Amnesia and i like that Frictional stuck with it.  It really helps with pulling you into the in-game world, and giving you a more immersive experience. It also goes well with the no-hand-holding puzzle solving aspect, as you get to ""physically"" manipulate most objects, so it's not obvious which object you will need to pick up to help you progress or which object you might end up throwing on the ground for the hell of it.  It adds to the experience of this game in that your escape is sometimes dependent upon you have the motor skills to 'unlatch', 'pull' or 'twist' your way to freedom, rather than 'hitting A' to open the automatic door. I think more games should adopt something like this, i've never been so satisfied simply opening a door in a video game.The story is engaging and I love that half of the 'horror' isn't just from the ever looming threat of something roaming the darkness, but from the existential concepts being conveyed to you that linger on your mind as you traverse the abyss.  The progression of the characters is engaging, and your feelings of them may waver as some of their actions sit in an ethical grey area, and their intentions may seem vague.This game was a great experience, one that will stick with me, and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it, and would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,282140,31266987,Posted: 20 April,all,-cr0n- salad,Terrifying and thought provoking.  Can't say enough good things about this.  I was absolutely terrified one second and then contemplating the meaning of existence the next.  The way they married the two is amazing.  It's like a mashup of The Talos Priniciple and Dead Space all while being exceptionally well done.
76561197970681141,Recommended,282140,31260070,Posted: 20 April,all,scrble,"I have never written a review on Steam yet for any of the 282 games in my library.This game captured me from beginning to end. The story and voice acting were absolutely incredible, and going back to other games is difficult given the effort put into this game. I played this with a controller and headphones on my couch on a big TV and the sound effects fit every location perfectly - small terrifying creeks in dark corners. Even the voice of your companion changed depending on what kind of room you were in while she was talking, again, attention to detail. The puzzles were just enough to keep the mind active and take your attention away from the horror for a brief moment. Unique, and beautifully terrifying. The progression was very well paced. The choices you have to make, while not apparently reflected in the game right away, definitely affected me as a player, and were very difficult to make. The story was so insane and I'd never seen anything like it before. So captivating.Every once in awhile I play a game that I can tell from the beginning is going to be good, and I mean well written and a formula for success woven into a game of art, and that is what this is. For 11 dollars, it is a steal. I can not wait for the next game from these developers"
76561198084399051,Recommended,282140,31272440,Posted: 21 April,all,Exself,I'm not sure I feel okay after playing this game but.. it was a god damn masterpiece!!
76561198030665293,Recommended,282140,31817050,Posted: 17 May,all,Scuzzlebutt,"Another great game by Frictional! Not as obscure as Penumbra and not as scary as Amnesia, but arguably better than both because it has less flaws overall.This game will get you thinking and it's just a great addition to anyone's collection. Even if you generally can't play horror games, you should pick this up."
,Recommended,282140,26833474,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Loves-Stripes,"StorySOMA is one of the most thought-provoking story-driven games I have ever played. The story itself is constructed very well and makes you wonder things about not only the game itself, but it even taps into reality as a human being.The baseline of this game is that you are thrown into a post-apocalyptic world as some confused and terrified character named Simon, who simply went into the doctor's office for a brain scan; and something went wrong, naturally. You then traverse through the dangerous environment deep below the Atlantic, searching for answers as to what is going on in this hellish world. The fact that Simon is in just about the same position as you, the player, being clueless and feeling vulnerable, makes it all the more immersive. The rest of the story, I'd have to leave up to you to find out about, as most of this game is purely about figuring out what's going on in the PATHOS-II Facility.GameplayThe gameplay itself is very basic, where you only do a few things to interact with the environment. You can open/close doors, use your handy tool to unlock stuff, find banks of information to learn more about the world and what happened at PATHOS-II, and run in terror from horribly frightening monsters. The monsters, at their cores, are quite similar in that they will chase you down until you die, but I love the diversity of them. Once again I don't want to spoil much about them, but there are monsters which you'd rather see as opposed to another... The only way you can evade death from those frightening and corrupted creatures is by hiding, running, or outsmarting them. You get no weapons, no means of harming them, nothing, it's up to you to get out of the way of danger; that alone makes the game terrifying.AtmosphereOverall, the atmosphere is incredibly immersive with its excellent sound and visual design. I only encountered about one visual bug throughout the entire game, but even then you'd have to basically search for that bug. The monsters sound creepy as hell, the eerie ambient noises of being deep below the surface in a deteriorating facility make you paranoid as all hell, and the sea life makes you want to never venture below the waves again, and just get back into that horribly claustrophobic monster-infested facility.Pros/ConsProsAmazing Story & Character DevelopmentWell-Constructed WorldSpooky MonstersPerfect Sound Design (voices, environmental, monsters, ambience, futuristic)Includes Moral ChoicesCustom Content CapabilityOccasional Light Humour to Provide Some (very) Brief RelaxationConsExtremely Linear Game (choices only affect your morals, not your actual game experience)Monster Encounters Occasionally Feel RepetitiveRelatively Pricy at $30. (Definitely get it if it's on sale though)tl;dr This game is a masterpiece, and if you are into Sci-fi, you need this game. While it is a linear story and you don't get very many other things to do after you've completed the campaign, the story itself makes that worth the price for me, but may be pricy to others. As a bonus, there is fully functioning workshop capabilities where you can make your own stories, and play others'."
,Recommended,282140,33179027,Posted: 3 July,all,Burnz,Great storytelling and thought provoking on what defines the human existence. Gameplay was a little bland at times trying to find the proper path but the puzzles were great. Amazing horror game and awesome moral experience.
76561198016123174,Recommended,282140,33038852,Posted: 30 June,all,SmokinAce88,"This was an amazing journey that opened my mind. Not to much horour, just how I like it. Just play this game. Great story."
,Recommended,282140,33062488,Posted: 30 June,all,Manenti,"I played this game with a friend that I used to play Amnesia with. We had a great time, of course. Ended up questioning and theorizing a bunch of sh*t for hours, tho. After Talos and Soma, I don't even know how to human anymore."
76561198062353937,Recommended,282140,33161713,Posted: 2 July,all,Some Owner,"Love the atmosphere of this game, story line is great too. I like it much better than Amnesia."
76561198277850024,Recommended,282140,28496027,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,___CptBens0n___,"The story for this game drew inspiration from the Heaven's Gate, a UFO suicide cult. Graphics, rendering and art concepts are great nevertheless, as is the building of suspense. A very eerie game which skillfully explores human conflicting impulses."
76561197984987421,Recommended,282140,28715358,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,3GGM@N,"Excellent game, great atmosphere and very tense at times. Well worth a go."
,Recommended,282140,25581962,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Shepy,One of the best story based horror games i've played to date. Has a very interesting story and very spooky atmosphere.
76561198000823500,Recommended,282140,28724658,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Vascillator,"Amazing game, awesome story and atmosphere"
76561198182982775,Recommended,282140,26647827,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,pablonesmrtelny,SOMA is one of the most thought inspiring games out there. Plus it has excellent dark and tense atmosphere. For fans of such attributes simply a must.10/10BTW there is a great live action series on YT serving as a prequel to SOMA.
76561197969748391,Recommended,282140,28717060,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Panzertard,"10/10 for adventure fans or if you're looking for a good story.PS, it's best played 'blind'.- Great thrills, even if you're not easily scared you should get a great surprise or 5.- Great atmosphere.- It's been a year since I played it, I still wish to go back and replay it. And I will, I just want to get give it some more time so I may get the first time experience again.- Great opportunity to explore and investigate your environment, fair amount of freedom even if the story and maps is linear.- Bugs / Technical issues, none that I could find.Highly recommended."
76561197971864139,Recommended,282140,28720027,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,fabs,"Fantastic. New heights in modern storytelling. If you like horror, scifi and the feeling of being in a great movie. Play it."
76561198012272736,Recommended,282140,26638664,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BeersForFears,"This is one of the few games I played that lingers, it's that good.It calls into question existence, consciousness, and life withoutbeating you in the face with melodramatic dialogue. The monsters,however, will beat you in the face..........."
,Recommended,282140,28492491,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,E.android,"SOMA is worth playing if only for the atmosphere and the deep philosophical questions it asks. As many critics have stated, the run-and-hide sections feel a bit disjointed compared to the exploration and exposition sections, but they do make for some tense moments."
,Recommended,282140,28492737,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ATallWhiteGuy,"An 8/10. Although not a spooky scary as its *cough* predecessor, Amnesia: The Dark Descent, SOMA delves (get it?) deeper into a story telling perspective to allow for some pretty thoughtful gameplay. The game is linear to a dot, which doesn't really hinder it, most of the areas allow for at least a little bit of exploration (sadly with little in the realm of 'easter eggs' and the like). The horror aspect is improved over Amnesia, but isn't utilized as much as it, which is sort of a bummer. That being said, Theta is the worst. Take Amnesia and double the scare factor. The pulse-pounding music that ensues as you are being chased by the monsters is expertly crafted and is guarnteed to make your heart race.Ending of the game is a bit abrupt, and is sorta predictable, but overall story was good."
76561198118515250,Recommended,282140,28493645,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Windcent,"This game is simply amazing. The story is great and I really liked the gameplay. Also, the atmoshere is astonishing."
76561198038269878,Recommended,282140,26641344,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sub,This is one of the best games I have played in a long time. The twists and turns in the rich storyline really make this game memorable. Never did I feel like I should have a gun or weapon like in FPSs. Its well priced and I highly recommend this game.Please keep making story/discovery based games of this quality.
76561198032577881,Recommended,282140,28716714,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,marksnow909,"Absolutely brillant game , the atmosphere is fantastic , the storyline is great and graphis up to date. A must have for horror fans."
,Recommended,282140,26342639,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BMW,Really cool game. The best part in my opinion was the environment. I wanted to keep playing to see more of the underwater labratories. The story itself is thoguht-provoking as well.
,Recommended,282140,23927607,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kanniball,Hands down one of the most thought-provoking games I have ever played.Could honestly have played it just for the exploration/adventure part of it. The scary parts were the icing on the cake.
,Recommended,282140,23917778,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Isaac,"I'm giving this game a thumbs up because it IS a good game and I did enjoy it, but to be honest it was also disappointing in a lot of ways, but only because it isn't nearly as good as previous games from this developer, Frictional Games.  It's also quite short for the price- took me 10 hours to complete.There are really no puzzles (although now that I look at the game description I see there was no claim that it would include puzzles, so fair enough) and there is no choice.  The character you pilot is a huge idiot.. having some dialog options for him, other than his default idiocy, would have been nice.  You do get to make a few hard ethical choices in a few spots, but they are ultimately inconsequential to the story.  And sometimes you are forced into doing unethical things.It's an extremely linear game without much mental involvement on your part.  You are pretty much there to press the walk button and watch beautiful, eerie, and horrifying scenery roll by while listening to another character tell you exactly what to do at every step.  On the flip side, the environments and the story are both top notch.You know how in most video games, every map looks sorta the same?  Like the same assets are just rearranged in a different configuration?  Well Frictional Games doesn't do that.  Every area looks absolutely unique.  You'll never feel like you've seen this room 10 times already.  Hell, I saw pieces of clutter that I don't think appeared in more than one place.  Any other game of this sort, which has no combat or puzzle solving and is basically just walking, would have become tedious quickly without this attention to detail.  It really makes the world feel real.  (But it should also tell you something that the most positive thing I can describe about the game is the setting.)So all in all.. not a terrible game, but not great either.  Short, not very challenging, but with a good story and atmosphere."
,Recommended,282140,34732223,Posted: 4 September,all,Crouton Ron,Great game and very detailed story.
,Recommended,282140,34568410,Posted: 28 August,all,dnorms,This is one of the best games ever made.
,Recommended,282140,21956001,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Keyser Söze,Such ARK. Much WAU.Would get brain scanned again.9/10.
76561197963708554,Recommended,282140,21865836,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bioject,"Soma feels like Alien Isolation combined with Bioshock but not as scary as Alien Isolation. If you like the horror gameplay of Alien Isolation or Amnesia, this will definitely be up your alley. It has a great story, excellent voice acting, beautiful graphics and wonderful sound.I don't have too many complaints. Maybe two. The monsters aren't perfect. In Alien Isolation the AI was vastly superior but I shouldn't fault Soma because it is an indi game where Alien Isolation is a full budget title. In SOMA the AI is stiff and predictable, but SOMA is more of a game meant to be experienced and looked at so I never minded this flaw.The only other issue with the game was the main character. He's a whiny litttle ♥♥♥♥♥ who complains the entire time about his situation. His situation definitely sucks, but he never accepts it and moves on. Instead he complains about it constantly. He still complains about it all the way until the very end causing another character to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off as a result. Even I was annoyed at the main character.Despite its minor flaws, the game explores some interesting philosophical ideas. I personally disagreed with the solution the characters in the game propose, but I enjoyed the ideas nevertheless. And if the main character wasn't such a loser, I could think of a thousand solutions to his problem that he never once considered.Spoilers below:My biggest criticism of the character's solution:The remains of humanity upload themselves to a satallite VR world in space. Okay... the satellite will eventually fail. It could run out of power. It could get hit by debris or an asteroid. It could break away from orbit and fall back into Earth. Eventually the satellite will fail. I consider this to be a very short term solution.Back on Earth the main character ♥♥♥♥♥es about not being able to enter the VR world. He is now a robot inside a spacesuit. Why doesn't he just download more humans into robot bodies and return to the surface? Yeah he's no longer human, but humanity could still live on in robot bodies and build stuff. Perhaps they could even build a better, more reliable VR simulation on the surface of the planet and have human inhabited robots who can maintain it? Nobody can maintain a satellite in SPACE. Stupid idea and the main character is average and stupid as well. In time they could probably even build themselves even more realistic robot bodies. The possibiities are endless when you have an unlimited lifespan."
,Recommended,282140,21874470,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Kraxy,This game had me screaming and thinking of things i never thought before. What does it mean to be human....your humanity or your physical form
,Recommended,282140,21904927,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,James Steel,"I really enjyed SOMA, the story is rock solid and the atmosphere is spot on. Not your usual horror game, but one of the best atmospheric games I have played!"
76561197989537467,Recommended,282140,21937998,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Deerlegs,"I just finished SOMA... It was fantastic.  One of the most interesting, and moving experiences I've ever had in a game.  Very immersive.  20 hours to finish.  I Highly recommend this game.  What a great story!  This really should be made into a feature film."
76561198105032496,Recommended,282140,22033813,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,APDeath99,Very eerie and surreal.  Soma makes you truly question what it means to be human.
76561198062659543,Recommended,282140,21824380,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,jaxtrela,"Not into horror games, too agitable I guess. However completed this one in one breath. Bits of morale choice here and there, weird but captivating sci-fi story, setting mixed of Aliens, Virus and The Abbyss."
,Recommended,282140,21950920,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Metroid Spartan,"This game is freaking amazing. If you're thinking about buying it, do it."
76561198035239764,Recommended,282140,21617116,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Oodles of Noodles,"Wonderfully done. If you're in search of a quality story telling game that will leave your questioning your purpose on this planet, awash in existential crisis, then look no further. I'm tempted to say what I liked and didn't like about this game but I don't want to add any spoilers to this review since the selling point of this game is the story.All you need to know is that it was made by Frictional Games and it's scary - real scary.10/10, would buy and have nightmares of again."
76561198115380831,Recommended,282140,21797281,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Paradoxassault,Holy crap. If you don't know if you should waste the 30 dollars buying this game you are an idiot and you should spend the 30 dollars on the game. VERY well made. Amazing.
76561198141443904,Recommended,282140,21811524,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sosruko,"A unique experience. Get it, now."
76561198018374982,Recommended,282140,21939166,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Disco Lemonade,Spent first 15 minutes picking up a dirty apartment.10/10 would OCD again
00007776656484354,Recommended,282140,21996257,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ded,"I absolutely loved this game. Even though it was kind of interesting to see technology get so bulky in the next 100 years, I just adored each bit of the story. I just fell in love with Catherine after placing the omnitool with her tool chip on a terminal a few times and just got excited to hear her voice every time. Thank god the monsters aren't too hard to get around, I thought that it wasn't as impossible as something like FNAF. 10/10."
76561197994729689,Recommended,282140,21901783,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,cosmic.engineer,Short but very sweet
,Recommended,282140,21909174,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Paladin Girl,"SOMA for me was an experience, rather than a game.Similarly to Frictional's previous babies Penumbra and Amnesia, you are a defenceless mystery just waiting to be revealed. In true form, the prose is brave, deep and wholehearted, with a hard veer towards real-life situations, personal conflict and philosophical tragedies. We've all got somewhere to be, games to do, so I'll try to keep it simple.SOMA stands out for a lot of reasons; namely we have a protagonist who we can empathise with. A lot of people are conflicted about Simon, but I think given the situation that he's in, we can forgive his bouts of vulnerability, fear and black humour. We also gain a valuable companion in the game who offers generous insights not only into the situation that Simon has been casually tossed into, but also about the nature of human beings, what defines them and our relationship with each other. (Which is really as simply as I can put it.)Despite all of these things, SOMA truly commits to the sense of isolation within a hostile and dark environment, relying on telltale signs dotted across all levels. (Mr. Akers, anyone?) Amnesia and Penumbra may have has this too, but SOMA uses it to its advantage.With its deep storytelling, talented actors, intense horror, astounding graphics and elegant gameplay, SOMA is a treat for every gamer and a delight for horror fans everywhere."
76561198020464730,Recommended,282140,21993971,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,yellowazathoth,Awesome Scifi-horror game! It seems you can't go wrong with Frictional Games and it's everything I expected it to be.
76561198142273279,Recommended,282140,31211538,Posted: 17 April,all,Recky,"Soma is a survival horror game from the same people who made Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and if you’ve played that, you’ll notice many similarities between the two games. Having played both I can’t really decide which one I prefer more. Both have different aspects I like and dislike, but overall both are pretty good games.Anyway…In Soma, you play as an everyday man named Simon Jarrett who decides to undergo an experimental treatment for his brain damage that he got from an accident. However, during the procedure Simon wakes and finds himself in a seemingly abandoned underwater facility sometime in the future. The place is dilapidated and in bad shape, and as he looks around he finds that although there doesn’t appear to be any people around, that doesn’t necessarily mean he’s alone. Exploring further, Simon finds the halls of the facility echoing with the sounds of monsters, most of which look like regurgitated food fused together and stuffed into broken down mechanical suits. Some appear more humanlike than others, but none seem particularly human. While avoiding these monsters, Simon not only learns more about the facility and the people who used to inhabit it, but also learns more about himself, who he really is, and how important what he’s doing may actually be.Similarly to Amnesia, the player has nothing to attack or defend themselves with, and the best way to survive is to avoid confrontation. This is one of the key features that really adds to the horror of the game. With nothing to defend yourself with, the player feels completely helpless in most scenarios. Also, most of the areas seem to be designed where nowhere is particularly safe for long. Even if the player seems alone, they often need to keep listening in case something is coming their way, and not knowing whether a particular noise was just the environment or some creature lumbering towards them is terribly unsettling. Not only do these areas add to the creepy atmosphere, but the noises made in them really make you feel like you’re trapped in some giant factory that seems like it’s been running on autopilot for a long time.That being said, for some reason the game decides to give you a partner to talk to over a radio for most of the game, which eliminates any sense of ever feeling truly alone. Sometimes the game contrives a reason why you need to stop talking to them for a bit, but it still seems like an odd thing to do. Although, I suppose the game needed to find some way for Simon to learn what’s going on as well as to philosophize about his life now and again.While the looks and sounds of the environments add to the horror, the actual monster encounters themselves are often a mixed bag. One thing I noticed after a while was that they simply weren’t very frequent. While I’m glad there wasn’t a complete overload of monsters around every corner, I think the game could have benefitted from more of them. Another thing I found was that while some monsters were lumbering around a large part of an area, some seemed to be restricted to only a couple particular hallways and spots, usually around a particular item or objective you need to get to. Then once you get past that one spot, you don’t even need to worry about them anymore. Also, it can be a bit of annoying when a monster is walking around right in front of an area you need to go to, which forces you to wait around until he moves on. This quickly turns some of the encounters from scary to tedious. However, for the most part these monster encounters are still quite scary, and I still thought they were well done for the most part.That brings us to the actual story, which is where I think the game really shines. When I first started playing I was a bit worried the game would decide to put story off to the side, but I was glad to find that wasn’t the case. I won’t go into too many details about it since it’s really best to find out while playing, but the story seems to be very well thought out. Much of the game is told non-directly, leaving the player to find out a lot on their own through things like notes and computer entries, which really adds to the immersion. As mentioned earlier however, there is a radio partner who’s there to drop any information that was probably too important or too detailed to leave as an entry on a computer. Many of the twists and turns throughout the game are unexpected and interesting, and it’s a very thought provoking game that makes you wonder what it really means to be human. I also thought the ending was great, providing a very satisfying and bittersweet conclusion.That being said, Simon’s brain damage must have really dug deep because he seems to forget key information on a whim. It’s a bit difficult to explain without spoiling something, but at one point Simon gets very upset about something that happens, despite the fact that that same thing had happened like an hour earlier, and he should have known that it would happen again. It’s not a deal breaker for the game or anything, it just seems like a bit of an oversight.Overall though, I would definitely recommend Soma, especially if you’ve previously played Amnesia and enjoyed that. While the monster encounters are a bit weak and while there might be a few issues here or there, the great story and atmosphere, as well as the thought-provoking themes make the game worth playing."
,Recommended,282140,18621353,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Scarabsgirl,"Awesome game, right up my alley for exploring and collecting stuff, with a little scary on the side!"
,Recommended,282140,18289418,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Nergal,"This game is amazing. A lot of developers have tried this kind of storytelling, but none have really succeeded, until SOMA came along. You learn about the world and it's amazing story through emails, status reports, flashback-ish conversations, through items and props on the floor or in desks or whatever, pictures and drawings laying around. It's all very subtle, but still ingenious and structured.It's not AS scary as Amnesia was, but that's a good thing. The spoopy sections in this game are structured in a way you can still progress through the game without literally having multiple heart-attacks, except this one time. I had a lot of fun just exploring and finding subtle things that hint the story, without constantly having to fear incoming beasts.That said, the atmosphere is chilling, but in a weird way comforting. It keeps you on your toes at all times, while granting you the will to push on and delve deeper into the abyss.I personally believe this is one of the best horror games ever made. It's wonderfully balanced, and while you will be on the edge of your seat the whole time throughout, you will constantly be empowered to unravel the mystery that lays on the ocean floor."
76561198119027624,Recommended,282140,33323139,Posted: 6 July,all,Fex,"Soma is a pretty basic horror game in terms of features. it doesnt bring anything new to the genre and follows the basics. yet it outshines every horror game i played in recent memory. The overall ambience with the creepy world you get to explore combined with a deep story that really makes you think about it even long after completing the game make it a experience i can recommend to anyone.What i enjoyed most about the game is the fact that the horror doesnt necesseraly come sudden. its theme and story (witch is some of the best i ever encountered in a game) really get deep and make it a much more frightenign experience as you go along. Dont get me wrong tho, theres plenty of scary momments and encounters in there that make sure you never feel save.If you like horror, a story that makes you question your existence and doing lots of exploring give this game a try. its worth it"
76561198071312743,Recommended,282140,24074969,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Prov,One of the best gaming experiences I've ever had.(Also got my nomination for Whoa Dude 2016 Award.)
,Recommended,282140,28644201,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Panache,"Insanely good story and atmosphere. Maybe I'm just a wimp, but I thought it was scary as heck too. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,28644688,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ratboi,"Don't be intimidated by the fact that this game is categorized as a horror; pick it up for the story and experience as it really is a unique one worth having. I mean, anything that can make you ponder existential questions of what makes us human is something worth experiencing in my mind."
76561197962053367,Recommended,282140,18807678,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Defonos,This game is a trip.
76561198101655769,Recommended,282140,22726122,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,stathispower,Awesome Game
,Recommended,282140,18684339,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Corigne,"SOMA was another great hit from Frictional.I found myself entranced within minutes of gameplay. At every turn, the puzzles and challenges presented by Pathos-II tested my problem solving and responsiveness. The deeper I dug into the story of Simon and his journey, the more I found myself questioning my own conciousness. What is existece? I was so engaged by the depth of the story I didn't mind the level of linearity of the gameplay, which was like riding a roller coaster. I have no major complaints about SOMA however, because it exceeded my expectations. Highly recommended if you are looking for a thrilling, cerebral, and somewhat challenging story to invest in.Warning: Graphical requirements are fairly high if you want to really enjoy the atmosphere of the game."
,Recommended,282140,18264510,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Lite203,This game is amazing! The story is just awesome! I dont even know how to describe it. Highly recommend this game!
76561198034930527,Recommended,282140,18228634,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Benito,"Absolutely amazing. Definite must-have for everyone who enjoys sci-fi and body horror, and sick of cheap, overrated garbage like Outlast. 10/10."
76561198097660975,Recommended,282140,31137838,Posted: 14 April,all,HanzGretel,"Good game,Story is goodHorror is good enough, not outlast quality though.Sound effects, the sound effect people need a giant medal for this, it's amazing.Visually good, however I had a lot of unnesesarry performance problems and there's a special setting that blurred the vision which gaves me a headache if I don't turn it off. Makes me crosseyed.Also sometimes it's vague what or how to do something, as some switches and other technical stuff can blend in with the environment.It's a story first and horror second."
,Recommended,282140,18331716,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Howser,One of the best survival horror games ever made.One of the best science-fiction story's ever told.Clever puzzels and tense encounters; all wrapped up in a beautifuly executed enironments which are large enough in scope and variation to always keep you guessing what horrors are around the next corner.Treat your self and give the game a go.
,Recommended,282140,18177973,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Samoose,"Even though the price is a bit expensive, it is totally worth it. This game has one or two flaws but overall I absolutely loved every second of this game. This is one of the best game I have ever played. The game makes you think, and plays with your thoughts. The sound is PHENOMENAL, I have never ever played a game with sound this perfect. It's a very very well done game, only encountered one very minor bug. The creatures combined with the phenomenal sound makes it scary. The story is original and kept me hooked. It took me about 8 hours to finish the game. It's a little expensive but IMO SO worth it, you won't regret buying it. It also has workshop support with dev tools so there is potential for future maps. It's very very pretty, like Alien Isolation but underwater, that kind of atmosphere. The puzzles were somewhat challenging, there were one or two instances where it took me a few minutes to figure out what to do. The game does allow you to make some choices but none of them impact the story in any meaningful way, there are no alternate endings.The actual performance was good but the way vsync worked was kinda questionable. If you have vsync OFF it locks it to 60 fps, even if you set the max fps to 144. But if you turn adaptive vsync on it locks it to 144 but there is atrocious input lag. Vsync on makes it lock to 144 I think but still input lag. You can edit config files to unlock the fps but I still encountered more input lag. Overall it didn't really bother me that much."
,Recommended,282140,28907907,Posted: 1 January,all,RatzenhattenfaubeR,really great atmospheric sci-fi horror
,Recommended,282140,28637742,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Solozaur,"What an amazing journey this game has been, I fully recommend the game to anyone interested in the topic of consciousness transfer, the horror elements are sprinkled throughout the story and server more as an enhancer to the overall atmospere. Although it could get a bit frustating at times :)"
,Recommended,282140,32864848,Posted: 27 June,all,Drenny,A one of a kind experience. I've been playing  a lot of horror games recently but this one stands out because not only is it terryfying but it has a great story. The athmosphere and sound design is amazing. I would recommend playing this with headphones. Definitely one of my favorite horror games ever.
,Recommended,282140,26585430,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sketch,"An engaging and isolating game that questions human existence as we know it.Really a unique, mature, and cerebral experience. I'd rate it as one of my all-time favorites.What an ending. Stick around until after the end credits."
76561198035861365,Recommended,282140,26610794,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Hayzeus,"Summary: This game is more of a visual novel with a horror theme than a flat out horror game.I wouldn't necessarily say this game is scary.I bought it at the time because the reviews said that it was absolutely horrifying.Despite the fact that I did not find this game scary, I find myself in awe with this game.The surroundings and the hidden things you can find if you look around really make you think, and in my opinion the scariest part is when you're getting chased by something and knowing that you could be missing something in the process.Overall I like the game a lot and I'm not completely done with it, but I felt that I should share that this game should be more sought after more for the story than the thrills."
,Recommended,282140,34797358,Posted: 7 September,all,Eyelander,Worthy game to amnesia the dark decent. great game with a great story. 9/10
76561198059122750,Recommended,282140,34841944,Posted: 9 September,all,sethmooreak,"An incredible story that will keep your attention til the very end. It's complex enough to make you pay attention, but not overbearing to the point where you begin to simply walk forward and have no idea what you're doing. You are aware of every goal, and begin to piece together the answers as you discorver them. This game has a great balance of freedom to explore, and moments of caution when something is lurking in the dark. Every puzzle is engaging, and requires thought, but is not time consuming or takes attention away from the task at hand. All decisions I had to make felt as if they were genuine. I felt a burden, yet relief in the same sence. I couldn't help but feel dissapointed in the end, but not for a lack of quality. Rather a surplus of it. I just wanted to keep going and going.All in all, a solid game/story.9/10"
76561197969408128,Recommended,282140,34884021,Posted: 11 September,all,f.naumann,"Very cool game. The story is very compelling. Makes you think about what makes us who we are. Sounds weird? Think of what could happen, if our minds could be copied? Don't want to spoil the story, though.It's not just like watching a movie, or reading a book, it's about actually experiencing a journey that makes you think, because you feel responsible for the decisions you are bound to make in this game.Also the game is very nicely put togehter. The graphics are very very good, it actually feels like being under water like no other game I know ever made me feel. The audio is nice and produces some tension which suits the story well.And best of all, the dialogs are really really good. It's not just, do this, shoot that, fetch this. The dialogs are well up to  a good book and perfectly fit into the game's flow. Superb.So all in all, a clear recommendation, even at full price. If it's on sale, it's a no-brainer. Would even say, a must have, if you like games beyond shooting stuff (which is fun, too)."
76561198306641531,Recommended,282140,34807763,Posted: 7 September,all,almaha,really deep beautiful game
76561198039895549,Recommended,282140,33487870,Posted: 12 July,all,Mesmerized,"Don't expect this to be as scary as amnesia, Soma is about the mind blowing story that really gets you thinking.You will thank me later.10/10!"
76561198108491025,Recommended,282140,29266511,Posted: 14 January,all,theman,"creepy as hell. almost had an axiety attack , first time in Theta."
76561197984616126,Recommended,282140,29280686,Posted: 15 January,all,shd,10/10 would scan my brain
,Recommended,282140,29281814,Posted: 15 January,all,Duckblade,"Not only is SOMA a wonderful experience in it's setting and gameplay, but it also brings up one of the best written and presented scenario questioning the very serious topic of what it is to be a human. I'm glad I waited so long for this one!"
,Recommended,282140,34670521,Posted: 1 September,all,flyingcustard9,"Frictional Games has decided to move to a more story oriented approach in SOMA compared to their earlier works like Amnesia and Penumbra. It works pretty well. SOMA is a masterpiece of post-apocalyptic storytelling with an ending that has the potential to make one question their own humanity. The voice acting is solid and the atmosphere of PATHOS-II is chilling and brilliantly done.Gameplay-wise, if you've played other Frictional titles, the controls will feel similar to that. It's definitely not as scary as Amnesia but the atmosphere of the station more than makes up for it. The only gripe I have with this game is the monster design. Too often did I feel like it took me out of the slow-paced exploration of the station. Encounters felt more like a chore than they should've been.Overall, I highly recomend this title if you're a fan of good story-telling in games and enjoy the atmosphere of PATHOS-II more than the monsters that inhabit it."
,Recommended,282140,28837861,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,schjohhiiccoh,"Probably one of the best horror games i've ever played. If you like amnesia style espionage/horror gameplay mixed with alienish milieu, and philosophical themes such as what it is to be human, i would consider this a must play."
,Recommended,282140,18648876,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,The Shinsh,"This game, was sad."
76561198083873916,Recommended,282140,18697173,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Johnny Reb,"Did we not learn from what Bioshock has taught us? stay the hell away from underwater facilities!But, all jokes aside. one of the best suspense/horror games I've ever played"
76561197986432926,Recommended,282140,18702105,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Lawroboros,"Oh boy, I will not sleep tonight!The best Frictional game so far; more of the Amnesia: Dark Descent type jump scares we've come to know and love/hate, with a story that will break your heart as well as your mind.10/10, would torture myself again."
76561198045817115,Recommended,282140,18797432,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ancient,"Alien Isolation has better graphicsAlien Isolation is better optimizedAlien Isolation has scarier monstersAlien Isolation has better game playBUT GOD DAMN this game is fantasticI picked up this game because of the setting. It takes influences from bioshock and puts its setting at the bottom of the ocean and is set 100 years in the future. One day you go in for a brain scan to see if doctors can fix you up after a horrible car crash, however, you wake up in the future and have to figure out how you got there. Without going into spoilers the way they explained it was a very fresh concept, but also terrifing in its own right. This game gets two things right, its world and the story. On the surface this a medicore ""survival horror game"" with basic stealth and monstors that sure are scary at first, but i wasn't changing my underwear when they showed up. Actually the can pretty much just run past all the monsters like in a haunted house. Also none of the monsters pose any real threat. They are kinda like high school bullies in that sense. They corner you and beat you up, but then just leave you in the corner to cry. I only died once during my 7 hour playthorugh. What kept me going was the story. It reminded me of a really good episode of doctor who in the tennant era. Before I go into minor spoilers I'm just going to say go out and buy it. It is a fantastic experience that you will not forget.*******WARNING MINOR SPOLIERS*********The basic setup of the game is that you wake up 100 years in the future at the bottom of the Atlantic ocean at a giant base only to find out that a meteor has crashed into the earth and killed everyone on the surface. You quickly find a character that explains she was tasked with trying to launch a satellite into space that contains a simulation of earth filled with brain scans of people on the base to try and preserve the human race. The game is filled with many twist and turns and the real horror of the game comes from the atmosphere and the reality of what you are doing not the monsters that occasionally try to take your lunch money. The problem I had with the monsters is that they didn't give a good reason to why they where there. If they had just taken the monsters out i think it would have been an even better game.*************OVERALL***************If you go into this game thinking its going to be the next blare witch project your going to be very dissapointed. What you get is a fantastic world to explore and an engaging story that will keep you comping back to see how it ends and when it does it will make you take a look on how you view the world. Just walking around the ocean floor looking at the base is just breath taking. I cant recommend this game enough and can't wait to see what this studio develops next!"
76561198102077674,Recommended,282140,31531482,Posted: 3 May,all,La_K1K1,"*SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS* (Mild but still)Such a thorougly deep game. I was touched by the ending in a way I didn't expect to be, maybe because this game decided, unlike many other horror games,to give me a happy ending for once. A relief and sadness all in one, because I'm still left thinking with allthe people and robots I met and left along the way, what happened to the WAU, how Simon was left alone at the bottom of the sea. With more than one ending and one perspectiveI get to leave this game in peace /despite/ and in /incredible contrast/ with the rest of SOMA, which contained a horror unlike any other I have experienced.It may be silly, but I actually felt brave pushing forward against all these monsters. Could be my limited experience with horror games, but none the less it was an incredible introduction to the genre if anything. AMAZING, I'm happy I bought this game"
,Recommended,282140,26551032,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Pels,"This game dude....I'll be honest that I agree, with the salty people saying this game is boring as hell, because is in the ocean and stuff like that, but yes, at some points of this game, is boring, predictable and kinda repetitive...But once you finish those sections, dude...There is no words to discribe this game, the plot, is beyond ""Incredible"" ""Awesome"" etc...I'll recommend 100% this awesome game...Everything make sense at the end and that's the best part of this.Because is from Frictional Games you will find some cases (Like Amnesia The Dark Decent) when you need to hide, run..but the plot dude... the plot...I've never played a game with this kind of thinking about the live itself, and how humanity on the last try to save it.. It's great,just Wooooow.After finishing this game, you will not find another like this.10/10 Frictional Games FTW"
76561198120312001,Recommended,282140,28793777,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Geddy Lee,"SOMA is a unique psychological horror game from Frictional Games.Perfect harmony between story and atmosphere, the urge to find out what happens next prevents you from cowering.Most gripping gaming experience i've ever played.Scary as hell, 20 percent of my time playing was spent coaching myself to continue.Your mind will likely be stuck on the subject matter even days after you've completed the game."
76561198095792578,Recommended,282140,25959472,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gentlem🅰n Rex,what an amazing game 10/10 and the ending was perfect
76561198089103538,Recommended,282140,20236390,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lamont,"I decided to wait on this after being disappointed with AMFP, a collaborative effort between Frictional and the Chinese Room. Having played Frictional's previous titles, Soma's is their best work yet. The horror aspect is weaker compared to Penumbra and Amensia but the game experience is just as thrilling and the story is superior. Hopefully they'll continue the story in their next project (i.e. the fate of the ARK and it's digital copy of humanity)."
76561198055486623,Recommended,282140,34007482,Posted: 3 August,all,Gø0see,"After playing this game, all other horror-type games were ruined for me. The dark story and amazing atomosphere in this game just blows me away. The more crappy horror games I play makes me miss SOMA so much. I just appreciate this game more and more as time goes on. I totally recommend this game to people who are looking for a creepy game with more of a dark/deep story behind it."
76561197966482898,Recommended,282140,19314231,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Nuclear Nelson,"This is an excellent piece of science fiction and story-telling in games.  SOMA tells the story of a mid-twenties man who after a brain scan, awakes in a deterorating underwater base where the machines seem to be coming alive with human personalities.  SOMA's story features compelling and heart-breaking themes of mortality, conciousness, artificial intelligence, and many more.  Before I go into specific details, my opinion is that this is a game that deserves your money.  An incredible amount of hard work and detail went into this game from a small developer.  This is a developer that deserves your support.Is it a good game?  Overall the answer is yes.  SOMA borrows most of its gameplay mechanics from Amnesia, such as environmental interaction with click-and-hold on the mouse, avoiding monsters, and collecting pieces of the story.  Frictional made some excellent choices to deviate from Amnesia and I respect them for it.  The major change here is that they went a game more focused on story than scaring the player.  Where Amnesia had peaks of extreme terror, SOMA is more about consistent uneasiness and an atmosphere of isolation and despair.  Also another deviation is that monsters do not leave the area, but remain a constant threat and the player must find a way to get past them.  Monsters in SOMA are overall less threatening then their Amnesia counterparts, which is by design to focus more on the story.One choice I do disagree with is that monsters can knock you unconcious.  You'll wake up with low health and the monster a safe distance away.  In my opinion this deflates a large amount of the tension when you know your enemies will be non-lethal on a first go-around.  They can kill you, but only in special circumstances or at low health.As much as I enjoyed SOMA, I'm not sure if I'll be interested to play it again.  Where I've played Amnesia through 3 or 4 times, I'm not sure SOMA has the same replayability.  I think because overall SOMA is a more linear, scripted, and enclosed experience compared to Amnesia, granting less player freedom and less chance of an unpredicted encounter.  Furthermore, more enjoyment is derived from the emotional impact of unveiling the story.  Now having done so, there will be interest on the second playthrough.The graphics and sound are superb, especially for a small development team.  Occasionally there are some ugly textures used but 95% of this world is beautifully and uniquely crafted.I did have performance issues on my aging 2012 laptop.  Long loading times, a few graphical glitches, bits of frame rate loss.  I agree to the criticism that the game has performance issues, but I do think with superior hardware and a bit of patience, these issues are tolerable.Frictional has made major advancements in their technology since their previous games, and I cannot wait to see what they have in store for us.This game gets an 8/10 from me."
,Recommended,282140,27113615,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Orgazmo,"It's very depressive, sometimes scary, not really dynamic.... It is awesome! One of the best sci-fi story, where you are starting to feel the desperations of characters and frightened not by cliche screemers but of what happened there with the world and the people and what they believe they are.If you're a fan of Bradbury, Lem, Ellison and♥♥♥♥♥♥ you'll be pleased to experience that horror story, where horrors are not the monsters.Be cautious: after beating the game you might find yourself lying on a bed, empty staring at the wall, enfolding your knees."
76561197999978820,Recommended,282140,22130775,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Arjock,"Knowing Frictional Games from Penumbra 1 till SOMA, I can say they got better with every game. Yes, it isn't quite as scary as Anmesia BUT that does not come from a washed up design, but from a balancing perspective. While Amesia was absolutley playable, the monsters had no real weak point. Once exposed they charged you. And, yes, Soma monsters do the same, but they are sometimes very slow, good to spot, or blind. You can actually trick them with game actuall game mechanics instead of buggin out the AI.So yes, Soma is less scary because it's better balanced (some might say easier).But what does it do better? Soma is a really good example of how to evolve a game series (if you count penumbra/amnesia as prequels). It takes things away that were too much (extreme blurriness, disoriantation, enemy count) and defines those parts new that the previous games lacked. While Frictional Games..es games had always a decent story, Soma tells an awesome one. And not only is the story itself good, the way of storytelling is much MUCH better here.Ok now, first of all the theme is much more intruiging, but even more it is real. The real concept of what it means to be alive is tackled here in a very, very good way. And frankly.... you can't be confronted with a theme more connecting to one than that.Second, it's the little things: you find different mechanics in the game that tell you story and keep you at pace. While in Amesia you had letters... and letters... an visions... and letters.... Here you have E-Mails, PDAs with texts/audio, audio recordings on tape, acutal conversation, ""vision""(blackboxes), notes and the enviroment.And while some seem the same (reading a text off of piece of paper, pc oder pda isn't much different) the simple thing of using different devices keeps you playing. It is a really small thing but you won't find too much of one thing in one place.You'll never enter an area and think ""oooohhhhh 5 pcs... great, 40 mins of reading"", no, it is an excellent mix of different media. You find them an different places (drawers, on bodies, floor, desks, lockers) an there is something different in every corner.I never got tired of the story telling because it is presented in a very diverse was that keeps in interesting. Wich is quite remarkable when it actually comes down to texts and audio.So and... graphics are great (exceeds amnesia in every aspect).. Sound Design (ohohoho don't get me started) is phenomenal! Play it with  surround sound headphones!! it's a must have (not to beat this game but it's soooooo good)an yeah well that's it. Sorry for grammar or spelling, no native english speaker. whoever finds spelling errors can keep them^^"
,Recommended,282140,33492570,Posted: 12 July,all,The Hacker known as 4chan,yes very good
76561198056363686,Recommended,282140,20215464,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Blue,this will be the greatest horror experience of your gaming life. The story is so deep you will be left with many thoughts of what should we do if something like in the game happens to the planet.
76561197960934710,Recommended,282140,31453608,Posted: 29 April,all,Mr. Maestoso ♫,"In the age of procedural generation and branching stories,  this single player experience is extremely refreshing.  The world is carefully crafted and implimented, and though it is a linear story progression, you are drawn forward through it at a careful pace.  It's truly a fun and engrosing 8-10 hour game that is surprisingly rare these days."
,Recommended,282140,33704233,Posted: 21 July,all,Nyamor,One of these titles that makes us realize that games can be real philosophical artwork.
,Recommended,282140,21485377,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Habarty,i wish there more game like this 10/10
,Recommended,282140,32961188,Posted: 28 June,all,◕ 2punky4y✿u ◕ ®,Ooooo yeee this one is some <3<3<3<3<3<3 game ;) 9/10
,Recommended,282140,31563044,Posted: 5 May,all,Captain Dickärd,"Knowing this was from the makers of Amnesia, I expected the tedium of the monster scenes to ruin this game for me. As a result I downloaded the wuss mod to make all monsters passive with the exception of the chase scenes.First off, even knowing monsters were set to passive, this game was able to give me a feel of suspense and scare me with the environment alone. The lore items left around ingame tell a creepy and engaging story.Good story even with enemies turned off."
76561198006617124,Recommended,282140,27787114,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jaswolf,A genuine thrilling adventure !I haven't had an emotional blast like that since Silent Hill 2 (and Amnesia of course)
76561198001237649,Recommended,282140,31209139,Posted: 17 April,all,Not_Sure,"Fantastic game, best $10 bucks I've spent in a very long time. Do yourself a favor and buy this game, great story start to finish. I give it 5/5 stars!"
76561198274774744,Recommended,282140,33934681,Posted: 31 July,all,Parzival,Can confirm is scary
76561198004414106,Recommended,282140,18690498,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Knight Paladin,"While it isnt a ""great"" horror game, such as alien isolation(it is very similar in gameplay, however it lacks actual mechanics for a survial horror/horror game in general)The story is compelling, and the end is quite worth the game. While the mechanics were lacking, and other games had done the theme better(atmospheric horror) The STORY is what kept you playing. The journey of Simon as he attempts to save humanity. Just when you think videogames are running out of plot, or good ideas and framework, or just a good story, SOMA actually delievers.If i had to Rate it, 8/10 The story is worth knowing, it makes you think. The draw back is the gameplay, and the replayablity, this game is a one playthrough and your done kinda game. Worth it if you have spare cash, but not a must buy."
,Recommended,282140,24059080,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Digitall33t,"This game is like Chappie meets Dead Space and Bioshock, and has some of the most satisfyingly nightmarish monsters ever! Plus the storyline is great, and has neat stuff about AI systems and what it means to be human. I also find it more awesome and scarier than Amnesia The Dark Descent and FNaF. Thumbs up from me!"
76561197997625230,Recommended,282140,18693343,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Artfact,What the hell is going on here???8/10  Graphics are a little dated.  Great sound and voice acting.
,Recommended,282140,29460047,Posted: 24 January,all,Aurongard,"I went into this game expecting several hours of jump scares and a pat on the back for getting through it via achievements. Instead I got an amazing story, lore, a well designed environment, and terror! This game sat in my Steam library far too long. I can't believe it took this long for me to play it. I couldn't put it down once I started. It had a nice division between the horror and discovery.11/10 would run from horrible screaming things again!"
,Recommended,282140,18695492,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Nytra,"I have to admit, I had my doubts about this game after the release of A:AMFP, but Frictional have really gone back to their roots with this one. The atmosphere is top notch, the horror is intelligent, the sound and graphics really get you immersed. I have to commend the story writers and the voice actors too, I was really enthralled by it.Overall this is a great new horror game by Frictional, a colossal improvement over the less than satisfactory A Machine for Pigs, however, The Dark Descent is still the best survival horror game available in my opinion.9/10"
,Recommended,282140,18696499,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,stilnoct,"Amazing game, I'd highly recommend it to anyone interested in a good story and/or horror.I could go into detail about what really made the game work for me, but I'll keep it to a few short pointsAudio, as always with Frictional I found it amazing. Voice actors were overall above expectations.The writing was really great aswell, I finished the game over 24 hours ago and I have found myself coming back to the story quite a few times over my days pondering. This is rare with game stories.I did have a couple of bugs that hindered my progress in the game but they were fairly easily solved, and/or already fixed by the developer."
,Recommended,282140,28807415,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sigma 42,"I just finished this game yesterday and all I have to say is...It was probably the best scifi game I have ever played.Gonna list some pros and cons, since that seems like the easiest way to say how amazing this game is.PROSAmazing storyGreat graphicsBy far the best sound design I have ever experiencedGenuinely terrifying designs for the monsters.Unique gameplay.Unpredictable [<-- Sort of] monsters.Very stable engine, I experienced no crashing at any point in the game.CONSNothing. At all.OVERALL SCORE8.5 / 10"
76561198294710879,Recommended,282140,26531129,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jizz Goblin,Just a good game.
76561197995501932,Recommended,282140,26528060,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Purple Bear,"Soma is more of an experience than a game, but there's enough exploration and problem solving to keep you occupied and I don't regret playing it. It's difficult to write about this game without getting into the plot, but outside of a few plot holes and the main protagonist being an unlikable psychology 101 student I'm fairly satisfied.I only have a few real complaints about the game. Loading saves takes quite a while, there are a few plot holes, some of the areas towards the end were tedious to avoid monsters at, and some of the outdoor areas you could easily be attacked in supposedly safe zones. Also there are a few ""chase"" sequences which are not well identified and go contrary to how you learn to deal with the monsters, but that's really about it. I never had any issues with the game crashing, and genuinely enjoyed the atmosphere that the developers clearly put a lot of effort into.The game is solid survival horror, so if you're looking for something to get your heart rate up or otherwise give you a good scare look no further. Or look for Amnesia: The Dark Descent, by the same developers. There's a lot of times where I saw something in both games and couldn't help but think how screwed up what I was looking at was."
76561198146577701,Recommended,282140,26524428,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,raddix7,"Very Great game :DI found it really thrilling! There were some situations, which were emotional and allow to rethink your situation from afar.The story is a little crazy somehow, on the one side sientific while also with paranormal Contents.If you enjoy games like Amnesia the dark descent or Alien isolation, then i definetly recommend it :D"
76561198047276915,Recommended,282140,26531293,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,wow,"There are already many good detailed reviews here so I won't repeat them. I just want to say for someone who is considering to buy this game, SOMA is different than Amnesia: TDD, it is not heavily focused on horror but the story immersion instead. I personally would define SOMA as a mystery adventure game rather than horror game. SOMA has some horror aspects but it's not the central focus. So if you are looking for same horror experience like Amnesia: TDD or Outlast, you will be disappointed with SOMA. If you are not a type of person who like to explore environments or spending a time reading notes or listen recordings in the game, then I don't recommend SOMA too as the surrounding items and clues are part of the game's story telling. But if you really like a good story-driven game, then I really recommend the SOMA.Side note: there are some people who complaints the monsters are annoying or nuisance when exploring the environments. If you feel so, you can load the game using Wuss mod, it will make the monster can't attack you (except on certain scripted chase scene)."
,Recommended,282140,34303561,Posted: 17 August,all,Navi [Dying Spree],Thank god it's a step down in the fear department amnesia provided. Soma still offeres it's fair share of scary moments but the story is so interesting and engaging I felt driven to see it through to the end.
76561198018636323,Recommended,282140,34276380,Posted: 16 August,all,Shadow Assassin,"WOW, a great video game for sure. The beginning felt slow but once I got past the first area it started to interest me. The only gripes I have about the game are one, a particular area of the game where information can be discovered also be prone to monster chases as I felt it detracted from the discovery aspect of the game and two, the choices you make not having an impact on the game, as these were some pretty tough choices. The story was phenomenal and I felt both main characters grow on eachother throughout the game. I beat the game in 12 hours, and while I got the game on sale, I would fully recommend buying this game at full price as it is top notch. In summary, amazing story, great character development, great voice acting, great lighting, monsters were more of a nusance than a threat due to your character's mechamarathon sprinting, and decisions, while morally difficult, did not have any impact on the ending of the game. Overall I would award this game an A out of an A+, great job Frictional Games."
,Recommended,282140,34259970,Posted: 15 August,all,itzaspace,Masterpiece
,Recommended,282140,34266775,Posted: 15 August,all,Adam,Another great game from Frictional Games.  Carries the same play style as their previous games with an amazing sci-fi story.  I'm sure I'll play it again.
,Recommended,282140,29518081,Posted: 27 January,all,Type_3050,Simon is awfully comfortable with the WAU healing mechanism. Wonder where he got so much practice ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,282140,22545323,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[ phenom.pl ] Sir_Fred,"This game is AWESOME! :)+ Very interesting story plot+ Dark, heavy climate+ Consistent, beautiful graphics+ Great sounds everywhereJust PERFECT! :)"
,Recommended,282140,33093376,Posted: 1 July,all,Pepethor,"This game is not made for just YouTubers to play and react while you watch (but you could do that)This is a horror game which doesn't rely solely on jump scares.This is a true psychological horror game with storng emphasis on things likeai, the problem of conciousness, isolation, solutude and symbolism.If you liked Silent Hill, Resident Evil you'll love this, but especially if you're familiar of the developers previous work: Penumbra and Amnesia, you must definetly play this game. They've made so much progress on their production quality, frequent use of voice actors, animations, graphics and atmosphere.Story is also very captivating, lots of story elements to drive you to the end, also lots of mysteries to be converse and theorise about. It's also very rich in texts, voice records you can listen to, photos and pictures you can investigate, which gives you a lot more story if you want.Variety in locations, different events, misterous clues, some natural choices you have to make in many parts of the game is very much appreciated.But this game doesn't come without any downsides. For the players first impression, they really worked hard for the first coulple of hours, than the production quality suffers a little bit, than comes back up again at certain points.Also I would consider this game to be very existential and pessimistic in some ways, so if you have clinical depression, make sure you have your pills before going into the game.Lastly, the horror part of this game might dissapoint some of the players who want a Slender Man kind of pure jump scary-andrenalin rushy-screamy-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pantsy kind of horror. This game is strictly a psycological horror game and it is very good at being that.Definetly get it, and be sure to not spoil yourself by watching or reading anything about it."
,Recommended,282140,28471269,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Cyanide,I played this game off a recommendation. All I can say is WOW I had no idea what I had stumbled into. By the end of the game my perspective on life has changed forever. Do yourself a favour and play this game.
76561198037083831,Recommended,282140,18378444,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,tigenzero,This game gave me a serious existential crisis that will not go away...10/10Would be forced to contemplate life and identity again!
76561197970515157,Recommended,282140,28464746,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Saxbeh,"Terrifying and exhilarating. The creators of this game learned a lot from the Penumbra and Amnesia series resulting in SOMA, a video game masterpiece.The story, level design, character development and voice acting comes together to deliver a unique and unforgettable experience. I really hope they continue making incredible games such as this.If you love story driven games with a side of horror, don't miss this. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,34424944,Posted: 22 August,all,Foamed,I think this might be one of my favorite games. A really well told story which focus on some really heavy philosophical and ethical questions.
76561197971724028,Recommended,282140,19569605,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Latexmannen,"WOW! (WAU?) I played penumbra (all three of them), Amnesia and A machine for pigs (by the Chinese room but still the same category) before this one (which I love) and I think they really nailed it this time. The atmosphere, the story, the sounds, the feeling of loneliness, the hard choices and the consequences of them, the voice acting, the environments, the exploring, the reference to sci-fi movies and of course the end. 11/10."
,Recommended,282140,19569707,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pink Dynamite,10/10>World like no other>Deep story>Real spooky with great monsters>Innovative horry game design
,Recommended,282140,23974247,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dr.Yan,"Seriously one of the best video games I have ever played. The combination of story, sounds, and visuals create the perfect atmosphere for horror and mystery. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys horror, sci-fi, walking simulators (though this one is a bit beyond a plain walking sim), or to explore the nature of consciousness and the self. The game itself took around 10 hours for me to complete but I feel like I will play it again in the future and think back to the philosophical themes of the story."
,Recommended,282140,27270530,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leopard,"One of the most immersive and thought provoking games I have ever played. Frictional Games have done it again.- Immersiveness+ No level change loading times+ Excellent sound effects and music+ Believable and well-voiced characters (Best I've ever seen in a video game)+ Captivating visuals- Story+ Well thought out+ Keeps you wanting more+ Twists throughout+ Sad- Gameplay+ Usual Frictional horror mechanics- Fewer puzzles and a smaller focus on inventory+ Engaging viewpoint+ Intense momentsOverall, buy this game for the story and the world it immerses you in, not just for the quick jumpscares you may be into. (Other titles can offer that better) I strongly advise that you do not watch gameplay videos before playing for the first time."
76561198057039815,Recommended,282140,24918973,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SuperSlimeyScoliosis,"Holy mother of god. This game is amazing. Its story is so good, they could easily make a movie about it alone."
,Recommended,282140,34725446,Posted: 3 September,all,Bersærk,"This might be the only Survival Horror game i've ever enjoyed. The story really pushed me past the scary parts to find out what was gonna happen next, and i couldn't get enough of it."
,Recommended,282140,34699851,Posted: 2 September,all,haedaeso,"Absolutely beautiful game and thought provoking story that's an experience to remember. I recommend playing it with ""the monsters don't attack mod"" at least once -- perhaps after one play-through, but that's up to you. I say this not because the game is too hard or stressful but being able to actually look at the monsters and fully explore the scene and environment made the game even better in my opinion. This isn't jumpscare or cheap thrills horror, but a slow building existential and psychological dilemma that sticks with you well after completion.The story is so well crafted that it could have easily been a book or movie instead. I recommend Soma for anyone that wants to explore a deep and well crafted narrative, and is probably my favorite game of all time. The only negative about Soma at all is perhaps its replay value, but that's because the plot is everything, here.On a final note, the graphics, effects and soundtrack also blend wonderfully together and the atmosphere is so thick you could cut it with a knife. I look forward to seeing what Frictional do next. Their titles have always been quality, but Soma is by far the best yet."
,Recommended,282140,34729040,Posted: 3 September,all,G'J,Jogo obrigatório pra todos os gamers. WAU!
,Recommended,282140,34739736,Posted: 4 September,all,ΓΞGΙOΠ,♥♥♥♥...I think i'm now depressed... that ending.not a single game have ever forced me to think about my existence !absolutly mind blowing.Just buy it !
,Recommended,282140,34740551,Posted: 4 September,all,Galaxian,"A dark philosophical masterpiece. This game should have sold millions. It should have been a movie. Every self-respecting gamer should play this game. I hope Frictional Games continue to deliver such exceptional games. If you have not tried the penumbra series and Amnesia, you should definitely check them out. But this one is the pinnacle of their art."
,Recommended,282140,34744275,Posted: 4 September,all,...🅳🅰🆈🆉,"It's hard to explain this one - lol - It's like.. ""The best movie I've ever played"" - If that makes sense.  It's honestly one of those games that you sink into - You just can't step away - The graphics, atmosphere, audio, and most of all, an AMAZING story drags you into wanting more.  I'm honestly so upset that I completed it (13 hours) - I might possibly hang myself from a telephone pole tonight because I have nothing else to live for."
76561198034216446,Recommended,282140,34745948,Posted: 4 September,all,Lighté Enerjí,This is such a great and terrifying game! :)
76561198045082572,Recommended,282140,34754464,Posted: 5 September,all,Highschool Musical 2 Holds Up,"Only a couple hours in and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself an adequate amount. Not a horror genre veteran, but for me so far this game has been a struggle between being glued to the game because of how intrigued I am by the story and scenery, and having to take mini vacations to avoid puking from terror. Good stuff SOMA. (Am playing alone in the dark with solid, loud headphones before any of you call me a little ♥♥♥♥♥. Men can cry too.) Looking forward to seeing where this adventure takes me."
76561198044917795,Recommended,282140,34749916,Posted: 4 September,all,Pale Caesar,"I am unfamiliar with the sales, promotion or feedback from people on this one other than what's on Steam. That said, I've heard very little about it, and I have to say if that's the case, then this is the kind of title that goes relatively unnoticed when it's released but becomes a gem in the rough years later.The story is awesome, the level design - including atmosphere and lighting - is superb. This is a very memorable game, and for all the right reasons. For years, I've felt the last really good original science fiction story in a game was Portal 2. Portal 2's story is good enough that it ought to go down in history as one of the greatest sci-fi stories ever. SOMA now takes the title as the latest great original sci-fi story produced in a game.This game will last with you for quite a while. I still remember more about this game than I do other games I played and completed more recently. It's often described as Bioshock meets Amnesia: The Dark Descent. I get that comparison, but this game really stands on its own merit.It may not be for everyone. It's dark, depressing, ominous, and in terms of gameplay, it's a walking simulator with a couple enemies thrown in the mix. People would look at this as more akin to a hide-and-seek survival horror, like Alien: Isolation; but there are not many enemies in this game and to me, it comes off more as a walking simulator with scary scenes sprinkled on. And that's just fine. The best thing about SOMA is the storyline and the world that inhabits it. That's the merit I mentioned early. I wouldn't want this game to be any other way than how it is now.HIGHLY Recommended."
,Recommended,282140,34628858,Posted: 31 August,all,Player 2,"One of the best sea resorts I've been to. The hotels might be a little run down but I still liked the beautiful scenery, interesting wildlife, and all the attention you get from the locals.Just make sure to listen to your guide."
,Recommended,282140,26815719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,aeolist,It's not a unique story if you've read enough sci-fi or speculative fiction novels but it's really well-told. The voice acting is great and the world-building is second to none. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,282140,34669216,Posted: 1 September,all,Grem,"This game provides great story and awesome immersion :) Play it right: On the dark, with headphones!"
76561198057882039,Recommended,282140,23889662,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,aurore_b,"If you like deep, meaningfull, SCI-FI stories, detailed and immersive (!) environments, simple puzzles that makes sense, this is one of the best game there is."
,Recommended,282140,23929296,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The Earthbound,"I have learned alot of science things from this gameFor example: injured people should be killed to restore power, Somtimes you have to get into places you are allowed in, etc etcI hope I'm not in a hospital when the power goes out10/10"
,Recommended,282140,23835902,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Extraaltodeus,"♥♥♥♥ing great game! You get swallowed into the story from the beginning to the end. Philipp K.♥♥♥♥♥♥fans will also love the story line a little more since it is related to it's main theme (""what makes us human?"").I'm not usually about game that have a good story, more about good gameplay. Here we get both!"
,Recommended,282140,23901003,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kidd0,"This game is probably THE BEST horror game I've ever played, other than the original Amnesia.  Highly recommended!"
76561197970587838,Recommended,282140,34639835,Posted: 31 August,all,Ph3lan,"I usually don't write review, but I guess this game is special. I completed it in a single setting and it was simply a fantastic story. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,21945506,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Atlas Fishard,"SOMA is a great scifi horror game, not only does it makes you think critically in its philosophy, it plays through it's horror side really well too.The game progresses the story very good, and has out-done themselves bringing an impressive level on rending its graphics and water physics too. (Buoyancy and speed of objects under and out of water and the depth of perception from the dust from the sea floor.)All in all, this is a must-play for players who enjoy a beautiful game with a good story that really makes you think."
76561198001379087,Recommended,282140,23836701,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vees,There's bad guys and it's scary sometimes.Play this game.I'm wondering if emergency services offer help for a blown mind.
76561197991694157,Recommended,282140,23879546,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DarkVolter,If you liked the darkness of original creators of Penumbra and Amnesia. Then you are in for a new treat. Strap in with a new set of rules and a twisted revision of what's up and down of immersion. Then I offer you this set piece.Pros. New rich environment with new ways to find you and hunt you with a peek of jumps.Cons. Starting is a bit odd but once your in your in for good!!
76561198013707776,Recommended,282140,23839392,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MuffinMaze,Like tears in the rain.
,Recommended,282140,23870591,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,hermanssoon,"Amazing game, the best from Frictional games. And much better than Amnesia 1 and 2. (and those games are also good)"
,Recommended,282140,23873915,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,PlatinumKiz,The absolute BEST Sci-fi/Horror game since System Shock 2.
76561198016262119,Recommended,282140,23886607,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The Pillowman,"Great atmosphere, engaging story. The mechanics are a bit frustrating and when being chased you can get caught on the odd corner rather easily, but overall this game was spectacular, with a solid amount of gameplay."
76561198012854670,Recommended,282140,23881780,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FelCros,"Rare is the game that makes such a strong impression so quickly. Frictional games have a rare talent for fear, and it is well expressed here, again. Amnesia, their previous game, evoked terror, clawing, mindless, fight or flight terror to propel its story forward. SOMA uses much subtler means.TLDR: Amnesia=OH ♥♥♥♥!  SOMA=OH, WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?!"
,Recommended,282140,23887993,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MVin,"Very atmospheric horror game with an even greater existantial and dreadful setting. Lots of cool ideas and sci-fi-concepts to relish in. Ironically, the weakest part are the monsters, as running away and hiding gets both old and in the way of exploring more of the very intriguing story."
76561198288034341,Recommended,282140,23904747,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TheMourning,"AWESOME!  9/10 Being very critical of games and really only liking a few games every decade, virtually  always  dark horror, I say this is one of the best ever. For a reference of my likes, my best of all time favs are SILENT HILL 3, RESIDENT EVIL 4, THE LAST OF US (not scary but still a masterpiece) DEAD SPACE 1/2, RESIDENT EVIL 1, RESIDENT EVIL NEMESIS. Listed from best to least but all great games. This falls around the top 3. Not as dark as Silent Hill 3, not a fighting game like RE or Dead Space but it will freak you out. Incredible atmosphere and one of the most convoluted stories ever. Very slightly dissappointing ending but all great games are sad to end. This is a masterpiece and a must own. It is freaky in a unique way and very well thought out. IT IS SCARY. First thing to pop in my mind of a way to describe it is a mix of BIOSHOCK, DEAD SPACE, and SILENT HILL 3 but it does not steal from these games. It is just a reminder and maybe where some of their ideas started. It is its own game, it is beautiful, dark, scary, addictive, interesting and includes outstanding sound design. For clarity I did not really get into Bioshock but it has some similarity. If you like the games I named and love horror do yourself a favor and play this game."
,Recommended,282140,23929599,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Яo‡ax,9.9/10
,Recommended,282140,23834220,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Swaggaccino,"Rich immersive environment and extreme focus on story with a minimalist approach to gameplay.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Recommended.On the fence.Play it when hell freezes over.Avoid like the plague.SIMILAR GAMES: Bioshock, System Shock, Alien: Isolation, Amnesia, The Last of UsSIMILAR MOVIES: The Abyss, Sunshine, Gattaca, Dark CitySOMA is an ambitious work of science fiction, fantasy, and mystery all wrapped up into one submerged in sweet honey mustard sauce with a side of bacon and ice cold beer. The game begins following the events of a horrible car accident. The main protagonist, Simon Jarrett, agrees to partake in a new experimental study as a guinea pig in order to improve his chances of recovery from his head injury. After losing consciousness during the study, you wake up in a mysterious underwater facility. If I add anything else to the story, I'll ruin an another amazing adventure you rarely experience in video gaming today. Trust me, it's amazing. The story doesn't cut any corners. The universe so rich and vast, you'll scour every nook and cranny to get the entire story. Something like 60% of the story is delivered through dialogue and 40% through journals and other entries along the way. The script and voice acting is superb - never any cheesy one liners or melodramatic soap opera conversations. Everything that is said is something that the average person would say given the same scenario. The voice actors did a great job at expressing happiness, sadness, fear, and anger and this contributed heavily towards my positive review of the game.Its formula is sound - explore, interact with characters, evade the enemies, rinse and repeat. SOMA takes a minimalist approach - the same exact gameplay you'd find in Amnesia, Bioshock, or the slightly older point and click adventures - puzzle solving, exploring, not too much backtracking, and the occasional sneaking around and running away from enemies. Yes there are enemies.  Yes they can kill you. No there are no guns. There's also no HUD and its brilliant because of it. This is a survival based game using only your wits and the environment to make it to the next objective. SOMA won't hold your hand and tell you where to go or what you do. So you better take your ADHD medications otherwise you'll might get confused and lost at times. I'll be honest, SOMA is not for everyone. If you can't go longer than 5 minutes without shooting someone, this game is probably not for you. That's okay. There is no perfect game for everyone. SOMA focuses slightly more on storytelling than gameplay to enrich itself. That could be another potential turnoff to some hardcore gamers who just want to game without story. I will say this though SOMA is an experience worth experiencing. It doesn't feel too cheap or repetitive. There are no jump scares but the game is spooky. Not scary, but spooky and creepy. Somewhat unnerving at times. If you want scary, play Outlast. If you want spooky, play SOMA.If you've seen any of the movies or played any of the games I mentioned at the beginning and found yourself wanting more of that universe, please do yourself a favor and experience SOMA. This game will easily go down in history as top 20 best storylines of all time alongside Metal Gear Solid, Planescape Torment, Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, a few others. I highly recommend it you buy it as soon as possible. I did take a few points off for the minimalist gameplay approach as well as the lack of replay value. Once you finish it, you won't really want to play it again. There's no multiplayer or coop. Not much to bring you back. But you will blow your friends up about it and tell them to play it because it's damn so enjoyable."
76561197973580984,Recommended,282140,23835647,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CRiTiK4L,"This game is mesmerizing. Rare are the games at the end of which you pause to ponder. From the music to the atmosphere, this game gripped me like few do. Incredible premise, executed even better. Highly recommended for anyone who isn’t too scared of the dark. You owe it to yourself to play this rare gem of a game."
76561197962171400,Recommended,282140,25632908,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,nas,Wau
76561198066882463,Recommended,282140,31286550,Posted: 21 April,all,"It is I, Mojojojo",Mind blowing and fantastic.You will gain a whole new perspective.Horror part is a lot like amnesia and penumbra but this game just makes its way smoothly.I am so so so happy i played this game.GG
76561198024760766,Recommended,282140,25488362,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Sir B,"Amnesia was my first foray into Frictional's horror games, and boy was it a good one. Yet, SOMA seems to go above and beyond what I thought was at the time, the best horror game I had ever played.The writing and characters are good in both games, although the characters and overall breadth of the story are more limited in Amnesia. SOMA however, goes beyond just a story. It makes you think deeply about what the definition of the human existence is. If an extinction level event happened, how does the human race live on? SOMA went to a depth I never expected out of a horror game. You become emotionally tied to the story, the people, Simon (the player character), and the human race as a whole more and more as the game progresses. You think hard about the decisions you have to make in the game because on the surface it can seem like one thing, but when you dig deep and think hard about everything that has happened, happening, and may happen, it could mean something entirely different.What is life? What does it mean to be human?Those are questions you would never ask in any other horror game I've ever played.SOMA to me was not as scary as Amnesia. Amnesia did a good job with the monster jump scares and brooding atmosphere, but SOMA is not about that kind of horror. SOMA is about something deeper, and the kind of horror is more psychological, emotional, and existential which combined with phenominal writing and narrative weaved carefully into the unique and well crafted world, makes for one of the best games I have ever played. Sure there are monsters (or are they really?), and stressful encounters, but that is just a small part of the big picture.Story aside, the rest of the game is a true marvel. The graphics are noticably better than Amnesia. There are more variety of enemies, environments, and characters. Each site location within PATHOS-II are uniquely designed. I never felt like I was revisiting somewhere I had previously been. Everywhere had a distinct and unique feel. The sound is also greatly improved. Run into things on the ground, pick up items and throw them, environmental sounds, great voice acting from the main characters, and of course another well done soundtrack make for a captivating, and immersive game atmosphere.There are also mods available, and the ability to create custom scenarios.This game easily goes on my list of best games ever made."
76561198038932132,Recommended,282140,34973539,Posted: 15 September,all,thats my secret im always tilted,"SOMA is a difficult game for me to review because it is mechanically lite and focuses much more on the story, which I'm wary of spoiling. The former was surprisingly okay with me, despite being the sort of person that enjoys difficult, complex games. That's because I found the few enemy encounters more frustrating than fun, and because the story itself was engrossing, as were the levels with all their little details, making me just want to get back to exploring the creepy world I was in. In fact, this is one of the few cases where I would have enjoyed no enemy encounters, escape sequences and game-over state at all. They were a distraction, and an irritating one. You don't need to remove the monsters. Keep them there, moving around, staring at you, coming up close. That could have made for a better, far more unnerving experience than having them attack and kill you, just to reload and try this certain sequence again.That's not to say this could have just been a book, and not only because of the exploration and environmental interaction - which was very pleasing. Like in Amnesia: The Dark Descent, Frictional Games makes it very satisfying to explore, with a lot of interaction with the objects spread around the map. It doesn't sound much on paper, but being able to turn around everything you pick up, zoom in, zoom out, toss, pull cables, smoothly move in and out of a computer monitor in the game, these things make exploration much more enjoyable than usual. That's not the main hook, however. Without getting into details and spoilers, SOMA makes a smart union of video games and story. The story and ideas SOMA has wouldn't have worked well in other mediums. It being a video game, without third-person cutscenes, staying in a single, first-person perspective from beginning to end, is integral to this plot.I had little to no prior knowledge when I launched the game, just some vague headlines - horror, sci-fi, thought-provoking, story-heavy. It's not horror in a classic, grotesque zombie sense. It's spooky and eerie, with a very distinct and powerful atmosphere to it. More Alien: Isolation than The Evil Within. Everything was immensely mysterious and puzzling, and piecing the story together bit by bit was engaging. It's because that process was such a big part of the experience that I want to say the bare minimum about the plot and themes. Just describing them could spoil a bit. Its twists are impactful. I know, it's not too helpful as far as reviews go, but I can talk about how what I felt throughout it.For a long while, I was just completely confused. Then I felt chilled, unnerved, uncomfortable, defensive, almost threatened by some of the ideas in the game, as they crawled out of the shadows to present themselves. Because I'm a small and self-centered man, incapable of being larger than life. At the end there was a mixture of sadness, pity and coldness, but mostly just troubled thoughts on what makes us human, consciousness, and purpose. I know how it is to read these grandiose sentences. I'm always wary of them, they sound pompous and self-important. But in this case, I doubt anyone could play through the whole game and not find themselves wondering about these things, because the ideas are straightforward, and made possible by the sci-fi setting. It's not exactly something that you can miss.The game is centered around these questions, sometimes to a fault. There are a few moments of dialogue that were a bit on the nose. You could argue that it's just the characters themselves thinking out loud about some of the concepts, but to me it felt like the writers were pointlessly directing our thought process, which has a way of undermining the experience. Speaking of speaking, the voice acting throughout the game was strangely... chipper, almost unfazed, in this scary world. It's probably deliberate, due to what the characters have been through, but it still seemed a bit inappropriate for the protagonist at first. The final scene, however, had a brief and standout performance of bursting emotions that stuck with me, bringing out the best in the actors and convincing me that the casualness in their tone that came before was the director's choice.Some stories have a twist that feels like the climax of the game in some way (KOTOR), some have powerful moments and scenes that stay with you and make you tear up (TLOU). SOMA has its twists, and they are impactful, but they're more like a punch to the head than a punch to the gut, if that makes any sense? The game doesn't try to give you this single, wonderful, highlight moment that you'll carry on long after. There's no intricate web of events that you'll enjoy breaking down later. The revelations are rather straightforward, and they mostly make you think, after a brief, initial surprise. Some players will probably predict them beforehand. I don't think that takes away from the story however. SOMA is a reflective game that leaves you thinking once you complete it, only possible in, and unique to, our medium."
76561198099270222,Recommended,282140,23403740,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Unknown,Graphic? GreatAmbience? GreatVoice acting? GreatStory? Surprisingly goodActually scary and not filled with cheap stupid jumpscares? YepI highly recommend this game however I must warn you that this will not run on potato machines haha
,Recommended,282140,31189156,Posted: 16 April,all,>>>RICECREAM,"FRICTIONAL BLOWS MY MIND AGAIN!Soma if a fantastic atmospheric horror games set in a base deep in the atlantic ocean.  You play as Simon, a man dying of brain damage after an accident.  You start in a normal life and are quickly thrown into a frightening sci-fi environment where robots run wild with the personality of someone with demensia.The atmosphere is what really takesd the cake with this game.  The entire world is beutiful in a dark, lonely way.  Its oppressive.  Beautiful and oppressive.The story is unique and draws you in well. especially if you check all the logs and bodies found around the world.  The puzzles are fairly easy in a sense that you understand what you are trying to do to solve it.  Not aimlessly searching for hidden buttons or doors.  Enemies are terrifying and though they look different they are very reminiscent of amnesia in their actions and patterns.  I quite enjoyed evading them evn though i was scared most of the time.Overall id give this a 10/10.  Love this game, love this developer and cant wait to see what comes next from them!"
,Recommended,282140,18661455,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Bruntti,"Soma is Frictional Games' newest game. It's their first game after Amnesia: The Dark Descent.The game follows survival horror tropes, and as like Amnesia, you can't fight your enemies. Encounters with enemies are based on a system in which you have to turn off lights, hide in closets etc.So if you're looking for an experience akin to Dead Space / Bioshock this will not be your thing. If you're looking for experiences similiar to Penumbra, Amnesia or Outlast this will be your thing.Compared to the previous games mentioned Soma is very slow. The story progresses slowly and the overall the scares are built with time. There is some shock value also, but not nearly to the extent of something like Outlast. (That's a good thing)The story of this game is something I've never seen in a video game. It's a weird mix of The Matrix and Ex Machina, but it totally works in the context of the game. They clearly went all out.Overall I would recommend Soma to anyone who is interested in slow horror like Amnesia. It's a good follow up from Frictional Games and deserves your money. It's not a full priced game even, which is great."
,Recommended,282140,18340000,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,NotoriousPyro - PyroNexus.com,"This isn't as good as Outlast; hell, it isn't even as good as Amnesia: The Dark Descent; but is it a good game?Absolutely. It's fantastic, exciting, but is unfortunately let down by scripted sequences and bad AI which follows simple paths and isn't really all that terrifying when you just respawn right where you were hit, or nearby."
,Recommended,282140,31354334,Posted: 25 April,all,piemanabc,"Buy it and play it, It's a little tricky at sometimes if you overthink things but overall fun. lacking of jumpscares alot of creeps, a lot of atmosphere.WAU/10"
76561198033224160,Recommended,282140,28030501,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dave,"Personal GOTY 2016.Pros:- Incredible voice acting;- Sound design;- Level and interior design;- Appropriate amount of twists in the plot;- Good pacing and well-made player immersion;- Overall attention to details and some witty references.Cons:- Sometimes bad AI could trivialize the game;- It is not a survival horror, if you for some reason thought it is."
,Recommended,282140,28271529,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,F4T N3RD,"It was an incredible experience. The story leaves you breathless, relieved and somewhat confused (in a good way).Truly a 'must play' if you're able to get over the fact that you will get creeped out by monsters, aswell as the concept of the story. This game really makes you ask yourself some psychological questions, not many games have achieved this.Would experience an existential crisis again...9.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,28968354,Posted: 2 January,all,Allion.,Wow.
76561198239614840,Recommended,282140,30864127,Posted: 31 March,all,SGT,yes its a little short but the story/game play/plot is REALLY worth it.
76561198070124341,Recommended,282140,31152265,Posted: 15 April,all,emperor1972,Definitely one of the best games I've ever played.Besides the atmosphere the game has a great plot.And after you go throuh the game you will return to it in your mind again and again.
76561198067464296,Recommended,282140,31158557,Posted: 15 April,all,Dr Grudge,"Frictional really hit the ball out of the park with this one.  Although the plot was a little telegraphed, the experience is like no other, asking the player questions we may not want to know the answers to.  The ethical dilemmas you face are accented by the ever-present feeling of unease, and sometimes sheer terror when you find yourself in the dark with some indescribable beast with only a few seconds to input a command into a computer or turn a crank to open a valve while you hear its moaning and heavy footsteps.  No game has ever made me really think about a decision like this game has.Thank you, Frictional, for the great ride."
76561198019023880,Recommended,282140,31150794,Posted: 15 April,all,Waaabafet!,"excellent game, would recommend 10/10, keep it up frictional games looking forward to more of your work+amazing story!+great twist mid way, you are really left wondering and guessing what the hell is going on for a good part of the start!+question humanity/morality and what it is to be human, as well as ethics of AI+great atmosphere+nice design and variety on the monstersoverall a really solid game, in my opinion not scary at all, just atmospheric and beautiful environments to look at, honestly the most unsettling parts is not the monsters but the sense of emptiness and solitude during underwater sequences. The monsters were actually irritating more than anything, sometimes they would just circle the same areas or magically keep spawning closer to you when you thought you left them behind in another hallway just to keep the pressure on, but its not even pressure they just sort of pester you and make you wait around a bit, especially the proxies (blind monsters that usually circle around objectives and are annoying),  just get out of the way! thank you for no cheap jumpscares though!I won't explain the plot you should really go into it blind for the best experience, basically you wake up on an underwater research station that is eeirly empty, sp00ky. The WAU is also an interesting character, the AI that keeps the station running, I liked the approach to the AI the game took, it didn't speak or seemed malicious like so many other sci fi movies or games, it existed and simply was trying its best to carry on its mission/programming to keep people alive with some not so desirable results... it isn't exactly evil.Ending was really good as well, you actually feel some compassion for the characters but also a sense of happiness.really should pick up this game, don't worry you won't get spooked and if you do theres a mod that turns off enemy aggression on the workshop you can pick up."
,Recommended,282140,31331623,Posted: 23 April,all,MinimumEntropy,"MinimumEntropy's Review for SOMA: NO SPOILERS AHEADThis game is incredible. It beautifully illustrates what the game medium is capable of. This game is thought-provoking, posing questions that challenge everything you believe in. I don't want to spoil anything, so just trust me and play this game! It is so good!One last thing: don't be put off by the fact that this is a horror game if you aren't into that. The game has aspects of horror that fans of the genre will enjoy, yet doesn't at all overdue the stressfulness of playing survival horror games. It is also extremely light on the jumpscares.Get this game! 10/10"
76561197997678124,Recommended,282140,21207221,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,fragkitten,"Just got done with my second playthrough. Here are my thoughts. :)I think my point of view may be unpopular with this title(even though I recommend it) because I really enjoyed SOMA a lot more than the previous games produced by Frictional. I still enjoyed A:DD and A:MFP in their own way, but I was never able to complete them since I stubbornly refuse the guidance of a walkthrough. :PThat being said, this is a game that I enjoy more with each new playthrough so far. I find new things and notice different nuances in the dialogue that I previously hadn't. I didn't encounter any bugs on either playthrough and found the performance to be pretty good on my mid-tier rig with high settings.The story was amazing for me as it took me down a path that I hadn't travelled before which in turn had me exploring thoughts that I hadn't had before. Though to be honest, the main character(Simon) struggled a bit more with some of the 'moral' choices he needed to make than I did. At times he would lament a choice so strongly that I would feel bad only because it made him sad. When you're in a survival situation, you don't always have the luxury of being able to keep everybody happy unfortunately.Anywho, I recommend this game for multiple playthroughs. If you're a fan of spooky exploration and an interesting story, this is a game for you.  If you have a problem with games where you don't get instant gratification or you race through games ignoring all the important plot points, this is NOT the game for you."
,Recommended,282140,27731753,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zote,"Game with an incredibly heavy atmosphere and a story that will follow you for days after beating the game.  The game might seem like an run of the mill horror experience on the surface, but it is much more than that.Gameplay wise it's simple, but it doesn't need to be more than that.If you like games with thought provoking stories ala The Talos Principle, this is for you."
,Recommended,282140,31166871,Posted: 15 April,all,loughlin,"Bloody hell, that was a great game.  SOMA must be the first ever transhumanist simulator.  What I loved about this game was that when I wasn't playing it I could still think about the themes it presented - longevity, AI, ethics, transhumanism.  The game touches on all these interesting subjects and is beautifully rendered not just aesthetically but also from a narrative point of view.  Frictional nailed this one, I tip my hat to them."
76561198072289245,Recommended,282140,19945874,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Aragel,SOMA can't be better. I recommend it for everyone. Masterpiece.
76561198352890692,Recommended,282140,31031942,Posted: 8 April,all,Left On The Moon,Great game from Frictional Games with aspects from the Amnesia games and new aspects special to this game making it a great unique game. It has an excellent story that keeps you on edge until the end and has great encounters with enemies showing it's horror aspects. Rated 7.8/10 too much water
,Recommended,282140,32942197,Posted: 28 June,all,Bryce,Absolutely loved this game. Enjoyed all 9hrs of gameplay.
76561197979671659,Recommended,282140,31042894,Posted: 9 April,all,funeraldoom,On Linux ( Ubuntu / Mint / Manjaro ) : Perfect.
76561198091728563,Recommended,282140,28658930,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sweetkobster15,WOW... just wow. This game is a must buy. bought it and sat straight through and played it start to finish. Also a steal if on sale ;)
,Recommended,282140,32949146,Posted: 28 June,all,shabazztraiqahmad,Effective atmosphere and an engaging story. Great game.
,Recommended,282140,31026809,Posted: 8 April,all,cota.66,"Just finished this game, and I was screaming inside after the (1st) ending..., NO, do not end it like this! As I watched the final credits, the frustration was increasing, no closure, just..., F*CK!Then,  the (2nd) ending that I was hoping for..., I'm getting too old for this.Great Game: good story, great atmosphere."
,Recommended,282140,35081336,Posted: 20 September,all,Sensei S@m@,"Story:Touching.Storytelling:Through scripted events, conversations and/or notes and memos.Movement:Fair, precise and not too slow.Sound design and music:Fitting, dark.Level design:Very nicely crafted and make sense. ...even if they have a lot of electric drills lying around.Puzzles:Self explanatory and enteraining.Horror:No jumpscares.Games rarely manage to frighten me, but I was feeling slightly uncomfortable two times during the game.Get it at least for the story or if you're creeped out easily."
,Recommended,282140,33146017,Posted: 2 July,all,múlnir,The best game in its genre for the last couple of years!!! must have!
,Recommended,282140,28017570,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WineCannon,"Without spoiling anything, It's scary, but not in the way you're expecting.That's a good thing."
,Recommended,282140,29950196,Posted: 15 February,all,buter-brod,"Technically, it's a good old Penumbra / Amnesia.But monsters are fewer, puzzles are easier, better graphics, brilliant story.Well designed characters (all two of them, lol), really good voice acting.As usual, great sound design, really, use good headphones for playing this game, it's important.It's not so scary as it could be, e.g. as Amnesia was, SOMA is rather dramatic and emotionally deep thrilling adventure."
76561197980324395,Recommended,282140,32675364,Posted: 23 June,all,Lava,The ideal balance of horror and mystery to spend some evenings.
,Recommended,282140,27037850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Merry,"Frictional Games... what have you done to me? Every once in a while a game comes along that breaks the mold, setting itself apart from everything else that came before it. If it is truly exceptional it will be able to do so within its genre as well. When it comes to first person horror games I've played my fair share and the things the genre is known for SOMA has in spades:- Creepy atmospheric music consistently filling you with a sense of dread- A soundscape that will have the hair on the back of your neck standing on end- Visually disturbing monsters that will have you cowering in dark corners- An overall experience awash in anxiety resulting in occasional ""pauses"" so you can compose yourselfWhat SOMA also has, which truly sets it apart from other games with similar gameplay mechanics, is a story like no other. I cannot delve into the specifics of the plot here without giving it away and its so good that I dare not risk even the smallest spoiler.What I can say is that SOMA will have you questioning what it means to be alive in ways you may not be prepared for. This is one of those games you'll spend a fair amount of time thinking about well after the credits roll. I found myself pondering what human consciousness actually is, what it means to be alive, what physical death actually entails, space, time and even the concept of the multi-verse.Snag this gold star game, put on some good headphones, turn off the lights and buckle up for a kick♥♥♥♥♥ride."
76561198143397161,Recommended,282140,35287316,Posted: 29 September,all,Selsku,Best horror game I have ever played.
76561197961451989,Recommended,282140,18498395,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Chilly Chinchilla,Phenomenal game...I just couldn't put it down. Well worth the money spent and I'll be looking forward to their next game!
76561197970712116,Recommended,282140,26348153,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,xabungle,"Great game. Lots of suspense and oh crap moments. The story kept my interest so much I had to keep going til the end.  I will have to give Alien Isolation another go but I actually stopped playing that one after a few hours. This game however, couldn't stop playing. Ah... Simon..."
76561197971656201,Recommended,282140,34386308,Posted: 20 August,all,Hobie-wan,"Yes it's a horror game, but that is secondary to the main hard sci-fi theme of being human. The story as it revolves around this central core picks up some of these ugly side effects and ""what if"" scenarios that have both psychological and visceral horror. You will be exploring, puzzling, sneaking, and occasionally running frantically. But mostly to enjoy the game you'll be learning about what happened, where things are going, and occasionally making decisions that don't directly affect the plot, but should make you think.I had avoided spoilers beforehand. I started playing in the evening and was engrossed enough that I played though straight for 12+ hours until just after dawn, it was that engrossing to me."
,Recommended,282140,35388979,Posted: 1 October,all,daAmazinFatB0y,"Pros:-Amazing Story-Intense Atmosphere-Scary because of Atmosphere-Great Voice Acting-Awesome Graphics-Lets You Think For Yourself (Your Not Being Treated Like An Idiot)-A Thrilling RideCons:-Linear-Walking Simulator (Though you do stuff in between so its not too bad)-Scripted Events-Zero Replayability (Its a One Time Deal)-Decisions Have Zero Impact On Story (Its about your own personal moral)-More Thriller Than HorrorThough the atmosphere can bring you that horror feeling, its not particularly scary. Feels more like a thriller, it can be tense during some enemy encounters (6 in total, I think) and some jump scares are pretty good but its not thst scary.The atmosphere is what reslly gets you, its got the lonely feel of Dead Space 1, filling you with doubt and uncertainty of what the upcoming journey will bring you. Its the not knowing part that brings the real horror.I recommenx getting this when its on sale due to the lack of replayability. An awesome experience that will definetly stick wifh me because of that atmosohere and story. 8/10"
,Recommended,282140,24183599,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Lord Reloco,"great game, a must to get and buy for fans of sci fi. great story, haven't heard one this good on this genre since mass effect (but without the crappy ending :P)"
,Recommended,282140,24186069,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Esski,"SOMA is visually superb & has such an interesting, and quite unsettling story.It has become one of my favourite story driven games.I really like how you are confronted with moral choices, which do not necessarily change the plot of the story, but leave you thinking about the morality of your decision.Such an immersive game, I would highly recommend."
76561197965004501,Recommended,282140,24189680,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,cloister56,"I cannot recommend Soma high enough. The ideas and concepts it explores work brilliantly in the interactive format of gaming, I don't think a book or a movie with the same plot would have the same impact.A few people may avoid this due to the horror element, not enjoying the tension but wanting to explore the story. I never felt that one intruded on the other, each area gave you time to explore before any threat arrived. I found it helped as with Alien Isolation to just get a few ""encounters"" out of the way, run towards them embrace it, it's not that bad after that.The setting was brilliantly realised, if you loved Rapture you will love this I think.If you like Alien Isolation this has that same exploration and tension, if you like Dear Esther or Everyone's Gone to the Rapture you can find that immersing and thought provoking story here too."
76561198004670778,Recommended,282140,24198191,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,esp3rz,"Just as you think the story of your character is told, you realize there's just so much more. The atmosphere is epic. The music is wonderful (I promise it's there!). You feel like you live the characters lives a little bit. Loved the game. Was worth the time spent."
,Recommended,282140,24240068,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Babelfishie,"Absolutely amazing game, Superb!10/10!!!An unexpected and much welcomed ending too, thank you for this game, much appreciated. <3"
76561198001408589,Recommended,282140,24243054,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LordByron,"I got this one on the steam summer sale and who ever didnt get it just pay the full prize. It is really worth it!A very good, original and philosophical story line.I couldnt stop playing to see what was going on and what would happen in the end.Really recomended."
76561198147864308,Recommended,282140,24163467,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Moses,"I thought this game would be similar to Amnesia, I though I knew how Frictional Games programmed their monsters. I was never more wrong in my entire life.This was litterally a whole new experience from Amnesia. If you've played Amnesia and expect Soma to be the same, boy you're in for the ride of your life. 12/10 would recommend again and again."
76561198302498748,Recommended,282140,24164512,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Redyan,differant
,Recommended,282140,24195606,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DionysusThyrsus,"this game was awesome ... i ahd to play it with the WUSS MOD activaed... even with that on the monsters were still very scary. great story, intersting puzzles and very intense atmosphere. the art in this game is top notch,"
76561198050726752,Recommended,282140,24199301,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,kingslin,"prepare to get SPOOKED. Just as good, if not BETTER than the dark descent.Not going to wait for a steam sale next time frictional games puts out a game."
,Recommended,282140,24259210,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kawaii Batman,"The story and environment were wonderful and, while the horror element isn't going to terrify most people who aren't weenies, I think it is well worth playing for the story alone. I had a lot of fun with it.Also if you happen to be a weenie, there is a mod that makes the monsters apathetic to your existance, so...weenie away."
,Recommended,282140,24156937,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,"cyka blyat, yebok!",страшно ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а
,Recommended,282140,24172058,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Darksalchemist,One of the best games I have ever played.
76561198025296748,Recommended,282140,24179573,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Red,"SOMA is a beautiful, beautiful dive into the worlds of horror, psychology, consciousness, and storytelling. I highly recommend this game to anyone who plays a game for its plot. And, well, everyone else.I completed SOMA in two sessions (one lasting 9 hours, the other 3 hours) and I encourage other players to experience it the way I did. SOMA is a game that deserves your full attention and continued immersion.How much did I enjoy this game? I spent 4 hours after the ending credits reading up and watching videos on the production, extras, behind the scenes art, commentaries, and youtube reactions. I just couldn't let it go.10/10"
76561197995641387,Recommended,282140,24204027,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,GlobelGunnel,"The game is sophisticated and will leave you toughtful.This game won't impress you with it's gameplay, but the story will amaze you! Don't watch any gameplay on youtube before you play, it might spoil the story.The gameplay is similar to Amnesia, you hide from enemies and figuring a way to lure them away. Using stealth, solving puzzles and experience the mystery on the bottom of the ocean. It's great.+Story+Graphics+Smart ideas-A bit repetetive9/10"
76561197997903553,Recommended,282140,24242339,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mmikej24,"SOMA is a very well designed game with a compelling narrative and interesting characters. The story itself deals with thought provoking issues that are left somehwat unresolved, but none the less it creates a spectacular sense of place that brought me back to the days of Bioshock and the city of Rapture. Althought this game falls short of the greatness that was Bioshock, where it excels is the moment of true panic and horror that Bioshock never quite reached. Its these spine chilling moments that give SOMA its orginality and I must say that I enjoyed ever minute of it. And easy reccomend for any fans of character driven narratives and some good old fashion horror!"
76561198022294475,Recommended,282140,24245156,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Tiearian,"This game is an absolute must! The story is just amazing. Definately a AAAA title. (Yes Quadruple A) To me, the story is so good, that the jump scares, and psychological horror aspect actually become (not something I fear) but a perfect element, as a challenge.  The story is really one of a kind, gets you looking at things in a percular way. So much so, that if the combat was anything else, the story would overshadow it, and make it seem as if its lacking depth. Instead, on this epic journey you are not attempting to fight down enemies with force, but battle within your own mind, as the games throws its phychological curvelballs at you one after another. Truely a journey worth taking, and a story worth telling.Graphics 9.5/10 (notice a few graphical abnormalities, but nothing you notice, unless your searching for them(also no where near game breaking, in fact i'm wondering as i'm typing this why I rated it 9.5/10 to begin with(10/10)))Story 11/10Mechaincs 10/10Sound effects 10/10Music 10/10 (not much, but when it does play, its queue is perfect)Phychological Horror and Jump Scares 10/10Voice Acting 10/10Overall Gameplay 10/10Overall Experience 11/10This game is a perfect balance. However, if you are looking for some shooter like the fear games, this is not what you are looking for. In my personal opinion, if their were weapons, I feel the game would score 7/10. It simply isn't fitting for the uniquity of this story.MetaCritic is out to lunch on their ratings for this game. (it should be higher) That or I'm just a really deep thinker, and have come to the conclusion that due to the story depth, it is better then most would see it as. If you are a ""face-value"" type of person, this game will be more about the Horror/Jumpscare aspects, and you will play it for the rush. However if you are a deep thinker, and rarely precieve things based on it's surface value, then this game will be an adventure, and the Horror/Jumpscare will become the ""cherry on top."""
,Recommended,282140,24246826,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LukeZC,"that's it, this game broke me"
76561198013313335,Recommended,282140,24247252,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AI_Apocalypse,"This is one of the best games I have played.  I am easily terrified by scary games so I don't normally play this genre, but the reviews and trailers convinced me to try it and I'm glad I did.  I liked it for the atmosphere, the dialogue and situation which made me question what it was to be human.  The story was unique and amazing, much better than the usual cookie cutter stuff that publishers have been spewing out lately.  And the ending, well it was exceptional.  Can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,282140,24254168,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Rosenmary,"I rarely finish games, but I finished this one."
76561197972532582,Recommended,282140,22601380,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LordRIB,"Simply put... there was seriously nothing about this game that I didn't LOVE. It was like a wonderful nightmare back in Rapture. Only you can't defend yourself, you have no idea what's going on, and you'll WISH it was splicers chasing you after you spend an hour in this facility. The storyline was SO much more than I expected, I could barely tear myself away this game long enough to sleep! I'm already replaying it a second time. Graphically its excellent, but it's the sound effects that will rattle you and have you constantly looking behind you, in what are easily the most terrifying corridors of robotic horror I've ever had the fun to die in.Play it."
,Recommended,282140,22216222,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Biddely Bong The Heavenly Gong,"Insanely insanely good. This is the sort of game that you should not know anything, ANYTHING about it before playing, so take my word and everyone elses word to just trust us, and play it. It's not greatly long; I finished it in about ~14 hours I think and that was a little rushed, but it is gripping, it is moderatly scary (there are some great atmospheric jump scares and psychological horror scenes that are a must play), it has an insane story that - whilst linear - can be played again no doubt, and its made by a respectable company with great story tellers, immersive graphics and sound (good headphones or decent home theatre sound system advised) and all round excellent game play. It doesn't have the mechanics most games have now a days where they fill out time with stupid collecting puzzles or frustrating scenes where you wait for a light to turn ♥♥♥♥ing blue or whatever. They've taken mediocre game concepts that have been around for a little while and turn it into something new and sometimes unexpected, and certainly engaging. There's not a lot else I can really say that won't spoil anything, but still give you an accurate representation of what the game is like. Basically, set aside a day on the weekend or whatever, settle down with no distractions, and play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. It is a really good game. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,282140,19086445,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,toggaf ynnart,"If you've played Amnesia or Penumbra you know Frictional Games is a fantastic developer that really knows how Survival Horror works; by taking away your ability to effectively fight and making monsters not play by a simple set of rules they make what was already terrifying truly horrifying. SOMA is no exception to the theme and it adds a lot of variety as well as story depth.STORY:The Story is very well told with fantastic voice acting that really adds to the feel of the game and carries the plot in a believable way that balances reveals to keep you in suspense. Not only that but the themes of the story and flavor of the lore you pick up really comes together in a fantastic and yet suitably creepy way. I would say more but i don't want to ruin a great story that really accentuates the cyber sci-fi horror falvor.MONSTERS:More than their previous games the monsters are more unique in appearance if not mechanics and match perfectly with the other aesthetics of the game. The sounds, Movement all comes together very well. I've played a number of horror games and these gave me the creeps on  more than one occassion.GRAPHICS:The game is beautiful, no arguement there; and the styles really give the feel the rest of the game's elements try to portray. To put it simply the game's appearance is very polished and it comes together very well. however if you don't like underwater things this game may unsettle you, more that it should.GAMEPLAY:Like Amnesia is a good way to put it but with a little more emphasis on story and world but more polished and fluid. You know, if that actually makes any sense.SUMMARY:It's good, it's beyond great. if you like survival horror and like cyber sci-fi then this is the game for you, no doubts about that; HIGHLY RECCOMEND."
,Recommended,282140,19349182,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sephielya,"I'm never, ever going to forget the emotions that this game evoked in me. The twisted morality and the choices that I made which, in the end, had no real effect on the ending. Only in my mind, as I sit here wondering if I should or shouldn't have done something. This game gives you hard choices, and it leaves it up to you to make them. My only complaint is that the monsters didn't add to the atmosphere as much as they became a hindrance and a reason for actually missing story content. For a game like this, that's a huge con."
76561197990075035,Recommended,282140,20278671,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Shambling GoatMother,"What are we? are we even real anymore? what is this reality? If you were to carry on in a different shell, would you feel liberated in the chance to start over new or crumble in despair as the shadow of whom you once thought you were?SOMA is a dark, dark world. One that you might owe it to yourself to dabble in."
76561198060321989,Recommended,282140,23942693,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Waters06,"This game made me stress more than almost any other game,♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, and cry my eyes out simultaneously. Incredible game and experience, like no other story I've experienced in a game. 10/10"
76561198060590039,Recommended,282140,22953028,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,jbaile57,Best story for a horror game ever
76561198042217697,Recommended,282140,32008312,Posted: 27 May,all,redhedmage,"Heartfelt and thought-provoking from start to finish. Great pacing, the gameplay never feels repetitive or tedious. The monsters are scary, but not punishingly hard to escape. The atmosphere is excellent, made me want to explore everything even while being hunted by terrifying flesh-beasts. Very compelling characters, the way the two interacted with each other and the world around them felt real and complex.***SPOILERS***tl;dr (without spoilers) You have some choices to make during the game, and I liked the way they handled that.I know one of the biggest questions I had going in was, do the choices you make during the game affect the ending? No. They don't. But honestly, I kind of like that better. Instead of aiming for a particular ending or mechanical advantage, I felt more like I could explore what was right and wrong, and why, or just try to parse out what I thought Simon would have done. Plus it was cool looking for the different dialogue options to learn more about the characters. It doesn't preach a particular message, but if anything I think that pushes you to make your own conclusions."
76561198020134741,Recommended,282140,26137498,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,A bandpass filter,Probably one of the most philosophically and emotionally provocative experiences available in gaming.
,Recommended,282140,25892169,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Comet5o4,This game made me rethink everything I know. Also robots lives matter
,Recommended,282140,25860623,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,DMStewart,"PKD would approve. Ive seen games, movies, tv shows, books, etc use PKD quotes. Its usually a clear sign that the experience will be lacking. Not here. As someone who has read most of PKD's work this feels like a Sci-Fi masterpiece. Atmosphere is fanatastic. Controls are good (not fantastic but good). Im not even into horror games. But a tend to buy them. Most times I regret it. You wont regret buying this game. Its beautiful. It runs pretty smooth. Ive run it with a single rx480 and with my 290x Lightnings in Crossfire. I have a 144hz monitor and I set the refresh rate in the settings to 144hz. But it jsut stays right at 60fps and doesnt budge. Thats great for a  game that is so visually polished.Autosaves seem to happen often and if you need to leave in a hurry it gives you the option to ""Save and Exit"". Thank god. One thing I hate is when an autosave system is inconvenient. I just picked this up on sale today. It had been on my wish list for a long time. And I really only picked it up today because Im still testing the rx480 and thought it might be another good test now that the waterblock is on.My Specs are fairly humble. Im not running a 6950x and massive amounts of ram. Im running a 5930k and during play time it was running at stock speed. RAM is 16gb 2133mhz and the card that was used the majoroty of my play time was an rx480 with a minor OC running at 1460mhz core clock. But the gmae also ran just fine at the stock speeds as well.It just feels right. I think the default has the game running at 30fps. Im sure it could run that way just fine. However, higher refresh is always more fluid. Id really love to see this game at 144fps. So far there arent any action-packed scenes/scenarios that I have encountered. But even some quick dashes and getting around a corner would look better at 144fps. Id also like to see if this little rx480 can make this game run at 144fps.Anyway, its on sale now. If youve been debating getting it just stop and get it before the sale ends.9.5/10 - I cant tell you what the 0.5 deduction is for without spoiling something major. Truthfully, its probably an excessive deduction on my part. Sorry"
,Recommended,282140,23234129,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Solarmech,"Soma is a psychological horror/survival horror/exploration game that asks the very important question of what it means to be human and what IS a human. Set in a failing undersea facility, the player takes the guise of Simon Jarrett. Simon wakes up from a brain scan after a traffic accident to find himself in PATHOS II with no idea how he got there or what is going on. But he soon learns that things are bad and they are going to get worse. Through Simon’s journey through the different sections of the facility we learn the reasons behind what happened to the facility and shy Simon is there through computer files, logs, radio messages and interaction with some of the insane(?) robots and AI that inhabit the facility.Along with robots, there are “things” that inhabit the facility. You can’t fight these enemies and all you can do is run, hide or hopefully outwit them. If you are caught by one of them they can hurt or kill you. The survival horror in Soma is very much in line with “Amnesia: The Dark Decent”, an earlier game by the same company.The GoodThere is a lot to recommend in this game. It is VERY atmospheric and makes good use of its setting most of the time. The questions the game raises are important and are explored through the story.The BadSome of the characters aren’t drawn as well as they could and at times I find Simon being so dense a problem. At one point he is flat out TOLD something (an important plot point as well) but he seems to ignore it. While the main plot is well written some things connected with it don’t make sense if you think about it a little and some things are never really explained. The biggest problem I have is the survival horror aspect. This is also known as “running away from monsters and hiding”. Frankly while the monsters are well designed (when you can get a good enough look at them) just don’t anything for me. Part of it that I’m not scared all that easy and my mind works on the idea “If it can hit me, I can hit it back.” I found the monsters irritation enough I downloaded a mod so they wouldn’t attack me. For me, it made the game much better.I liked the game in many respects and what they attempted. Most of my problems stem from me not being big in the survival horror aspect. sm"
76561198005345029,Recommended,282140,32829371,Posted: 26 June,all,Groph,+ story- gameplay
,Recommended,282140,29577689,Posted: 29 January,all,[CC]Wynvin,"I'm not a big fan of horror gams, but this game kept me playing for the story. it was definitly interesting and I enjoyed every aspect of it! Would recommed you play through this yourself!"
,Recommended,282140,18378503,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Taxi,Very good.
,Recommended,282140,19285644,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dude where is my cheese,"never commented on any game on steam, but SOMA... man... SOMA, I bought this for the horror experience. But what did I ended up playing? A brillantly written story with a very philosophical / moral taste as to what it is meant to be alive.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,24424834,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ganjalffi,This... Game... Is... AWESOME! The atmosphere is so good and well made in this game! Story and how it's told is so well made! Love it!
,Recommended,282140,30481958,Posted: 12 March,all,SeventyTwo,Simply Fantastic. A must play!
,Recommended,282140,18180683,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,space dog,"Loved the story.Evading monsters is only a minor part of gameplay, which is nice.Long walks get slightly annoying by the end, but I'm fine with that.IMO the game is worth more than it costs, without doubt, I'm glad I got it."
76561197961165322,Recommended,282140,18272050,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,kovert,10/10Would carry Catherine's bra into space again.
,Recommended,282140,22384480,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Joven,Game is great but a little expensive when you account for all the underwear and xanax you'll go through
,Recommended,282140,24660348,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,BarshSmash,"I have played all of Frictional's games before this and while I liked parts of them, SOMA is the point where everything they're doing has come together to make something really special. The fidelity of the world and physics simulation instersects with the storytelling in a way that pulled me through the whole thing almost non stop."
,Recommended,282140,26159806,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sam.350,Very immersive! Loved every second of it!Edit:Just finished my second playthrough. This game is truly a one of a kind experience. I never played a game that makes you question everything in life. 10/10!
,Recommended,282140,31907836,Posted: 22 May,all,Focknee,"One of the best games I played in years. Especially the story, it is top-notch sci-fi with an atmospheric horror story, excellent voice acting and keeps you wondering all the time."
,Recommended,282140,31921265,Posted: 23 May,all,Dooch,Most recommended!One of the best of a kind!It's paradigm and ideas must be promoted and have support.Buy it and make todays GameDev a bit better.
,Recommended,282140,18183213,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kektimus,"This game was not what I had expected, but I was pleasantly surprised. This is not a YouTuber fodder horror game. It felt like half the game took place in my own head, rather than on the screen, as it triggered and meshed with my own thoughts of existence and being."
76561197973813033,Recommended,282140,31072884,Posted: 10 April,all,Jerac Oligard,"A Smart and Mature Thriller set on the Ocean FloorFrom the makers of the horror classic Amnesia: the dark descent,  SOMA takes a lot of cues and mechanics from Frictional Games other productions. The game is not a survival horror, but more of a ""hide from the monster"" experience.While mechanically similar to Amnesia, the feel and theme of this game is drastically different. The game is set on a deep sea facility that has experienced some sort of disaster. It is up to the player to determine how they got there, and what has happened to the undersea station. I won't go into plot details, as this game should be played as blind and spoiler free as possible.What I will say is that this game is special in that it explores the ideas of existance, artificial intelegence, and what defines something as alive. All of this is delivered in a well written, well voice acted, and surprisingly intelligent story that never comes accross as heavy handed. The most spine tingling momments come when there isn't a single monster on the screan, but from the realization of what is going on and what it means for the main character.  It is a facinating puzzle box of mystery and terror. A must play."
,Recommended,282140,25035585,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Militus Immortalis,"SOMA, like most Frictional Games' .. games.. is an incredibly immersive game with an amazing story.There's not much to say without spoiling it, but the game is utterly a solid 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,282140,19966481,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jonox Ronox,;_;...10/10
,Recommended,282140,32866578,Posted: 27 June,all,Botzu ー(￣～￣)ξ,It's everything I wished the amnesia the dark descent sequel was.
,Recommended,282140,18211811,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Dean Dingus,"The story was so compelling and well written. VERY immersive, A wonderful experience.Although it's meant to be a horror game, Try to focus more on the storyline than the gameplay and getting your fill of jumpscares- IF that's what you're after. The first half of the game wasn't particularly scary, But the second half was fantastically eerie, creepy, Scary,♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants scary at certain bits and it had my skin crawling and me feeling sick during the cave scene.Storyline was incredibly well written, Voice acting is immersive, Emotional and well done.The game introduces you to your aims, your purpose and core elements of the game well. I feel like I'm quite easy to please with certain types of games, But parts of this will have your jaw on the floor. 11/10"
,Recommended,282140,18164321,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Aloha Snackbar☭,"This game is really well done, the way they did the horror through the atmosphere is amazing. Game is really creepy and scary I really recommend this game if you are into horror games. For best experience play in the dark and with some headphones with a good amount of bass. Enjoy! :D"
76561198002146979,Recommended,282140,18164432,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,panzersnapdragon,"The dialogue was OCCASIONALLY a bit hamfisted, but this game tells a fantastic story in a truly unique and striking setting. Easily ranks in my top favorite horror stories of any medium. I'm glad to see it wasn't just my machine having some trouble with it, though. Performance was all over the place without any real rhyme or reason, regardless of graphics settings. Not enough to affect my enjoyment, but enough to mention."
,Recommended,282140,18167235,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MilesNocte,"Absolutly amazing, everything about this game is great, from the first minute to the last few. I would recommend this game to any and every friend of mine."
76561198003912679,Recommended,282140,18165169,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,cochrane,"HIghly recommended. Nice philosophical sci-fi-horror with a good story and some truly scary moments. Similarly to Amnesia you can't use weapons, but the enviroment is nicely interactive and explorable.  Many audio logs, photos and other small snippets that are not necessary to the main story, but help to create a more fleshed out world."
,Recommended,282140,28158287,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Arctus,"Absolutely brilliant. One of the best storylines in a video game.Pros- Voice acting- Soundtracks, sound ques- Story- Character Development- Nice puzzles- Graphics are alright- There are stuff for you to explore that give you more insight on the characters and what happened- A lot of choices that you can make- The endingCons- Gameplay can get kind of tedious sometimes- The horror aspect isn't really there, the monsters are just obstacles in your path- Choices don't really affect the storyline, they are just morality choicesOverall it's an amazing game. If you're getting it, get it for the story and not for horror."
76561198007301844,Recommended,282140,19841278,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Thanatopsis,"SOMA is one of the best games of 2015, if not the best.  Often classified as a walking simulator, it has so much more to it than that.  It has characters to interact with.  It has puzzles to solve.  It has exploration.  It may not be true horror to some, but Frictional Games has come a long way from the somewhat lackluster Amnesia.  SOMA is better in every way.  While I didn't find it particularly scary, I would call it creepy good Sci-Fi.  The voice acting and dialogue are a bit unpolished occasionally, but that does not detract from the overal atmosphere and chilling story.  Besides the puzles, the gameplay might not be much more than a 3-D Pac-Man, but there is nothing wrong with that.  It is the perfect way to experience the unnerving plot of SOMA.  It is not an action game, and people outside the walking simulator lovers might find it a bit slow, but it is worth it in the end.  It is a far better interactive movie than Until Dawn or Heavy Rain could ever hope to be.  Anybody who likes thoughtful Sci-Fi novels or movies should give it a try."
76561198009847233,Recommended,282140,18847764,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Decaybringer,"I absolutely recommend this game as the best horror game i played so far.Maybe it is because i like Sci-Fi Settings more then Haunted-Mansion- or Slendermen-Settings, but none of the horror games i played can compete with Soma.That was my catch:-clever story-great visuals♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants - Moments-""oh i droped something unintentionally, now i get eaten alive""-Moments-i pressed some buttons and solved a puzzle, i must be a scientist -Moments-WAU10/10 - i am eager to play another Soma game"
76561198038502725,Recommended,282140,18210929,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,BSKY,"I have been looking forward to the release of this game since its reveal back 2013, I think it was 2013. Not that i kept up with it that much, not that i keep up with many games in development to be honest, i have played both Amnesia and Penumbra a decent amount but have not completed either. I finished SOMA around 10 minutes ago so here are my thoughts on the game, i have tried to keep it spoiler free but still cover a decent amount of ground.First off do i think it is worth playing? YES! - Do i think its worth full retail price? Yes to the right person.Just for the amazingly deep and interesting story and well crafted world it is worth it. it took me around 9 hours with some help along the way where i got stuck because i am an idiot and couldnt see a wire i had to plug in (yep those sort of problems i had several during the game)I feel like the puzzles in the game could have easily been cut out and the game even though it would have been shorter, would still have been just as full of an experience. Some of the monsters are a bit repetitive in the way they hunt and how you avoid them but they do scale in difficulty but a bit more variation would have been nice and possibly more seperation they did seem a bit bunched during the middle of story.The story itself runs on quite a linear path with a tiny bit exploration, people say you cant get lost but i have several times when being chased by Monsters trust me it is not that hard to get lost or end up where you started, though that might just be me. Also the game is not scary upfront like Amnesia is, this game has its moments like being chased around by a Monster in almost pitch black and it could be anywhere and it will run after you if it catches a hint of where you are, but the game is definately creepy throughout.The story itself is very interesting, mind bendingly interesting in some apsects and has a lot of depth and there are a lot of things you can interact with in the game to gain more insight like Black boxes inside of dead corpses and notes etc which is a nice added layer of detail. I like how the story progresses though it has been done before with Bioshock and Dead Space where you move from station to station, but SOMA does do it in a refreshing way with some guidance when you come in contact with the character that will aid you through the somewhat linear path to the end.The world frictional have created is also very nice to look at and the atmosphere they have created puts you in a state of fear at all times even when walking around, the sound design in this game is some of the best work i have ever experienced which should also be noted.*A NOTE ON OPTIMIZATION AND CRASHES*I have a i7 4770k , 8GB RAM and a GTX660Ti , so slighty above mid-range and i have had 0 frame rate issues bar when it was obviously loading or saving which i can cope with. through my whole 9 hour journey i had 1 crash when opening a door around 6 hours in, which i also think is acceptable.Solid 8.9/10 would possibly play again at a slower rate to see if missed any easter eggs or different paths.Sorry if there are grammar issues in this review just thought i would get it on here may add or edit it at a later point.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,282140,25120931,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MGMons,"*DISCLAIMER* I'm not a fan of the horror genre in general and I haven't played many horror games so I cannot assess the game in terms of its horror mechanics and tropes.So farI've been blown away by everything in it. What is even more amazing is that this game doesn't have jump scares. I was trembling with fear at times and the horror was put in me masterfully through visuals, sound (especially sound) and story. The fear and tension were always at the back of my mind (and neck, haha), waiting to overcome me. I respectfully commend the designers for this achievement.So I finally finished the game. I will not be changing my original review. I will just add a few notes.This is my original review before finishing the game.If you overcome your fears, you'll find a masterfully crafted game experience - a unique and immersive atmosphere, brilliant sound design, a deep and imaginative sci-fi story that is on par with some great sci-fi works of past times, that can leave you awake at night for hours, contemplating what just transpired. Play this game preferably at night or in a dark room withgoodthe best headphones you have.These are my additional thoughts after finishing the game.I've read in other reviews that the monsters in the game weren't good but for me if it weren't for them, I wouldn't have enjoyed the game as much as I did. Still there are two aspects I didn't like about them. First, they could've been more developed in terms of their character. Each monster has its backstory if you are willing to look for it but it is not obvious and only if you look for it, you will find it. Second, at a certain point you get used to anticipating the next monster and generally the encounters were similar with a slight twist in each of them. However, the first point and a few surprises and unpredictable moments alleviate this issue.The other and last problem I had with the game is a mild spoiler about the narrative in terms of its structure but I reveal nothing specific about the story.In the way the story is presented, the developers are using a trick at certain points in the narrative. There's no way to tell the story without this trick but initially it complicates the gameplay experience until you figure it out.That trick had sparked lots of heated discussions around the Internet, which only complicated the story. It's actually simpler. I wish they did it differently but when I think about it there were only two ways and they chose one and mixed it with the other and it could have been the other way around.Finally, I'd like to mention something important that I think people must know before playing this game. Although the main plotline is presented to you through dialogue and in-game cutscenes, a huge amount of the overall story or the lore is hidden, in a way, in the game world. Some things are in data logs, some - in audio logs however the rest are in the game world itself - its sounds, its visuals, the environments, object placements, etc. Some pieces are even not mentioned at all  and you have to figure them out by yourself. For me that was one of the best aspects of this game but I understand that some people may not like this at all. Just keep it in mind.Conclusion.This is by far one of the best games I've played and an all-time favorite of mine. The narrative issue is there but without it the game wouldn't have been possible. Even all of its flaws cannot take away from this truly unique and amazing experience.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18735453,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,The Guy With the Glasses,"For anyone who enjoyed Anmesia: Dark Descent. This is the game for you. The awesome atmospheres in this game is least enjoyed when spooky monsters are scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, and enjoyed the most when scouting a puzzle-section for clues. The storyline is definitely engaging. Especially if you enjoy pondering philosophical questions such as 'what does it mean to be human?'.Personally I play these kind of games with other people and SOMA is very enjoyable for anyone watching you play.Recommended."
76561198031459569,Recommended,282140,18719369,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,The Shaman,"At parts I was thinking ""You know what, this is another typical horror game.  They introduce a monster in slowly, its scary for a second, then its the same monster over and over, and its not scary anymore.""No.Every monster is different, and ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying, even if you die.The plot is incredible, and I'm almost begging for a sequel.  It was easy to follow, and it bent my brain in half, and made me feel so hopeless for the main character.Horror games are supposed to invoke emotion in you.  And it did.  A lot."
,Recommended,282140,18718535,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,periwinkle,"Frictional Games have done it again...Soma is the rightful successor to Amnesia. If you like sci-fi, great atmosphere and tension then this is the game for you.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,27888808,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hi,Immersion.........................................9/10Graphics...........................................8/10Story................................................10/10Pacing..............................................10/10Character Development......................10/10Ending..............................................7/10Difficulty (1> Easy - 10> impossible)...6/10Sound Design....................................10/10Overall..............................................9/10
76561197970574735,Recommended,282140,18717039,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,iwillnotlive,"This is one of the best games I've played in decades. Playing this reminded me of that same crazy wonder and fear I had when I played the first Half Life, when I played Super Metroid, when I watched Alien as a kid.As a person who plays a lot of horror games this is the first one that really freaking got to me, and did it intelligently instead of with cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jumpscares.And then friggin on top of that the story telling is one of the best I've experienced in a game since forever.QUIT READING AND BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,282140,30254364,Posted: 28 February,all,Diddle Schnitz,Got atmosphere?10/10
,Recommended,282140,18181744,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Berkin,"After almost two years of waiting, I can happily say this game is everything I hoped for, and more.Frictional has put together one of the most riveting, thought-provoking, and existential-crisis-inducing stories I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. As I explored the world, every document, photo, and recording I came across gradually built up the plot in a way that made me really pay close attention. At times, I almost felt like I was reading the most immersive book in the world. Also, the environments are BEAUTIFUL, which added a lot to the immersion. Unfortunately, I couldn't manage a framerate higher than 20fps, even though my hardware meets the minimum specs.I am honestly glad that the horror aspect of this game was a little weaker as compared to the Amnesia games. I feel like the scares were the least-important part of the whole experience, because I found the story more fascinating than the grotesque creatures. There were, however, a few scares that got me and fit well into the game. I am happy they didn't overdo it.If you love a good story and don't mind the occasional frightening moment, you will absolutely love this game. It left me with a mix of emotions that no other game has managed to evoke, and for that reason, it will always have a special place in my heart because of how it affected me. I don't often pick favorites, but this is easily in my top three favorite games of all time.Play it. Play it all the way and experience everything it has to offer. It won't just make you think; it will make you question what life is all about."
,Recommended,282140,18179078,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DR.DOGMAN,"Personaly I found it not to be scary, but the story was well worth the playthrough, still alittle annoyed at the price though but hey, what can you do."
,Recommended,282140,18199755,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Creamy Memey,"What a game.  Deemed a psycological horror, this game does not dissapoint in that regard. It left me questioning my descisions while being constantly exposed to a tense environment where the atmosphere alone sometimes made me jump in my seat.  SOMA has amazing environments, and a variety of hurdles and enemies that make the game challenging, with a unique plotline that sometimes hit me like a bullet. 10/10, do recommend."
76561198003055054,Recommended,282140,18205550,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Fr✽stTorpid,"Frictional Games did it again!such an awesome horror game..the first 6-7 hours i thought to myself: this isn't THAT scary. not like amnesiacouple of hours later i found out i was wrong. its WORSE than amnesia. MUCH scarier than amnesia!GET IT if you like horror games, you wont regret it. SOMA is worth every penny."
,Recommended,282140,18188627,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Xzanos,(note I am a total scardy cat in general especially when it comes to the ocean so this game freaked me the♥♥♥♥♥♥out)The good?An absolutely amazing horror game that oozes theme and asks questions that will have you thinking long after you've finished. A solid game that only gets better as you play it. For 30$ you might not get something with too much replay value but every moment in this game was something that left me excited for whatever came next. The monsters and puzzles have large variety that keeps things interesting and the story unfolds at a fair pace. As you make your way through PathosII you make questionable at best decisions and come to terms with things that might get under your skin like what it means to be human and weather it is right to live on life support. Also the devs have been very quick to fix issues and look like they will be supporting custom maps and mods (woo!)The bad?At launch I encountered a few game breaking bugs (one with flooding a pressure room and one with a door that didn't want to pop open) Along with a few times when I felt honestly lost in the game (Theta basement and first underwater bit) other than that the game can be a bit depressing on the colar pallete but as a horror game pushing a feeling of dread and dispair this fits even if it gets tiring on the eyes.A game that chilled me inside out and kept me enthralled the whole way through what I would call a must buy 9/10
76561198032833847,Recommended,282140,18209393,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TRASHMAN,"I loved nearly all of this game. Not since Bioshock have I been so absorbed in an in-game world. It's meticulously detailed and sublimely creepy. Pathos-II is a place that just begs to be explored. It's lovely in the most disgusting way possible. However, this game truly succeeds as horror not because of gore/creepy visuals, but because of the concepts within the story. I don't want to spoil them in this review, but let's just say it constantly pushes you to ask some important questions about conscience. (Not unlike The Talos Principle, strangely.) Additionally, you are forced to make numerous difficult decisions throughout the game that deal with this topic, and many of these have stuck with me long after completion. The biggest flaw I can think of in the game is the integration of the monster encounters. They're occasionally frustrating and aren't ever quite as scary as they initially seem, and a lot of them occur in spaces too restricted for the player to feel lost and ""hunted"" so to speak. (There are a few notable exceptions to this.) I feel that these encounters are greater than the sums of their parts though, as without them, I don't think the astonishing sense of dread would have been as effecting. But still, I feel like they could have been improved.Ultimately, I urge anyone who likes horror or sci-fi to try this out. It's one of the most powerful gaming experiences I've had in awhile.9/10"
,Recommended,282140,18179413,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,RobbyFaul,"SOMA is more than just a game, It's an experience. Take a look at my play through videos, and you'll see what I mean!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7267EFC907228BEC"
,Recommended,282140,31090701,Posted: 11 April,all,z085,"Truly an unforgettable experience; A must-play for any lover of the horror genre. Play it to the end, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,282140,20879557,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mykhail Kozak,I'm scared ;-;
,Recommended,282140,19428975,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Badddger,This was a great (but short) game similar to Alien Isolation and Outlast. The setting and graphics are nice. The atmosphere is amazing and the story was superb! I enjoyed this experience but wished it was longer...
,Recommended,282140,29888020,Posted: 12 February,all,Zyrodil,♥♥♥♥ing Masterpiece!
,Recommended,282140,31179545,Posted: 16 April,all,tektite36,Spooky!
,Recommended,282140,24006501,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,iSh@myself,"I'm much more of a casual player, so I can't really give awesomely technical reviews or anything, but Soma blew me the ♥♥♥♥ away. As far as gameplay goes, there's not really an awful lot to do - it was more of an interactive story than anything, but as a writer, I really don't mind that.Soma's story is thought-provoking and heart-breaking and brings to mind complicated philosophical questions about what it means to be human. I may or may not have shed some tears upon completion. If a game leaves me so emotionally upset, I'm unable to play anything else for a few days or more, I consider it to have been a good game - and Soma definitely wrecked me. In a good way, I mean.Aside from an absolutely amazing story, it looked good and the scares were also pretty good.I guess I'll just say I thought this was good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,282140,26066886,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lightbulb,One of my favourite games ever!
,Recommended,282140,29349528,Posted: 18 January,all,Goddamneviltwin,"So so good. Audio and Visual design is off the charts.  Frictional games did such a great job building the story, atmosphere and mood.  This is a game that works as a piece of art.  I'm just mad I didn't play it sooner.  hah."
76561198033470545,Recommended,282140,29197388,Posted: 11 January,all,C. Viper,"Panicking survival horror game, loved the exploration."
,Recommended,282140,18188629,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Carnal Sanders,"-Great story that doesn't shove exposition in your face, but also lets you delve pretty deep. You leave the game still thinking about it, even aside from the philosophical stuff, just from a ""I wonder what was actually happening there..."" kind of perspective.-Amazing sound design, very disturbing at times, which might be the #1 most important thing to get right in horror.-Well balanced stretches of tension vs. exploration/puzzles, with each tension ""set piece"" feeling really unique.-♥♥♥♥ing scary.Criticisms:-Maybe tedious at certain points if you don't enjoy stealth stuff. If you liked Amnesia you'll probably enjoy this, it shares many game mechanics.-Some people might be put off by the visual distortions the game uses. I found it pretty cool, but it's a big part of the game, so be aware.-I encountered two bugs that forced me to reload from a save point, although not sure how common they would be.-While it doesn't do what a lot of these ""thinker"" games do and beat you over the head with exposition or force you to read or listen to reams and reams of stuff, I do think maybe it glosses over a couple of bits. Minor complaint, the story still worked great for me."
,Recommended,282140,18185271,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,it.is.not.funny,Excellent story
,Recommended,282140,18189074,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Matney,If you love any of frictional games previous titles BUY THIS.This game is amazing+great captivating story that will keep you asking questions+great graphics+good voice acting+scary monsters+even more scary monsters+ scary sounds+scary environments10/10 Matney approves*UPDATESOMA has support for mods and custom storiesNot to forget someone also added the assets from amnesiaIf you enjoyed customs stories from amnesia you will surely love this!
,Recommended,282140,25862878,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,doRky,"SOMA is a true experience. With a much wider scope to it's story than Amnesia:TDD, it still really manages to feel relatable and connect you. I experienced so many different emotional states during my first playthrough and that is what really made me feel immersed. While many compare this to amnesia because it was made by FRICTIONAL and with the gameplay being fairly similar, the story is much more complex, deep, and yet grounded.Another complaint I seem to hear is that it is not as 'scary' as amnesia but I also tend to disagree with this. The enemy design and gameplay forces you into some extremely uncomfortable and unsettling situations and the aesthetic design and variety of the enemies is a lot better. The fear also manifests in different ways and from different sources, the world and environment you are apart of, the decisions you make, and the implications they may have in the future.There may be less ""gamey"" mechanics and/or puzzles in SOMA compared to other similar titles like Amnesia, but I can't complain about this because looking back, I'm glad at no point during the playthrough was I reminded that I was playing a video game, this helped me experience the game as it was intended, fully immersed and connected.As with all frictional games, the atmosphere and sounds are a 10/10. This game is more brave, deep and ambitious than any other game by frictional so far and they pulled it off."
,Recommended,282140,18193022,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Spammals,"SOMA... Oh god yes! Words fail to form acutely in my mind to describe the brilliance of this game! I am so serious right now it has been a long time since I have played a game that had such a rich, vibrant, compelling, immersive and dynamic story that is so high quality it reads like a novel.SOMA will have you make a theory up as to what's going on, and will constantly have you rethink your theory as you learn more and more. This game makes you question and think so much about life and what it is to be alive. Flip the coin everybody, who's to say the right side is the top side?If You're concerned this is a jump scare game rest assured this game doesn't rely on mere jump scares to deliver the goods. As you travel the complex you will walk down many creepy dank dark passageways and encounter more than a few psychotic, scary and messed up things. But this walk is worth taking.Frictional Games, I tip my hat to you all. Extremely amazingly brilliantly well played everyone. Take the team out for a party because they have earnt it!-Spammals"
,Recommended,282140,25870144,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,The King of Bees,One of the best games I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,282140,18173212,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lime,"This game goes back to the old Amnesia: The Dark Decent and Penumbra days. It has a lot of elements and similarities that you recognize while playing the game. It's good that Frictional Games finally got back on their track again. A Machine of Pigs was a huge dissapointment but I am glad they went back to their roots.SOMA is filled with excitement and horror set in a futuristic Sci-Fi environment. In this case, it's not the brightness that saves you, it's the dark. The darkness if your friend in this game. Be afraid and don't look at the light."
,Recommended,282140,18177468,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Daxalax,"It's scares are a little cliché, but still effective. But I think the main thing this game has going for it, is the atmosphere and story. The narrative is just so captivating. And the game touches some very eerie subjects that make you think and wonder about your own existence. Very much recommended!"
,Recommended,282140,18170173,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Zurkloyd,"Normally I'm not that kind of guy that writes review but hey, let's give it a shot.SOMA, great game. But what makes this game so great? Let me tell you that.I've always admired the word Frictional Games did. Creating a horror survival game with limited to no possibilities to defend yourself andmakes you hide like a little girl. This game is quite something.Back when Amnesia: The dark Descent came out I absolutely loved the game. Played it many hours and enjoyed every single bit of it. Now, with SOMA, I'm once again impressed about the amazing work from Frictional Games.Already from the start of the game the story drags you in, makes you attached to the main character Simon. However after a while you'll notice not everything is correct and you start to wander around in the Phatos-II facility. I will keep spoilers to a minimun and tell a few atmospheric aspects and some good mechanics about the game.The game emits a mysterious feeling when exploring the underwater base. The atmosphere and gameplay is a ( as how I see it ) A crossover between Amnesia, Bioshock and Dead-Space. There will be a few hard choises in the game you will have to make that makes you think in the end, ""Was it all worth it?"". If you want you can get completely thrown around with this game.The mechanics on the other hand are similair to the ones from Penumbra and Amnesia. But hey! Thats not a bad thing!Frictional Games has their way of doing things and they did it perfect. The whole story just grabs you and the end... Damn that ending... Prepare for something I would say. It could fall heavy on you.As conclusion,This game was worth every penny I've spend towards it. Frictional Games is for me number 1 on Atmospheric Horror games.20/10 would buy and play again ;)"
76561198039151171,Recommended,282140,18179401,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Titanic,Just buy it.
76561198001176286,Recommended,282140,18175940,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,funkhousen,"Lets be real here. You're probably reading these reviews because you're hoping Soma will be like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but after the disappointment of Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs you're too afraid to just buy it.I will say it from the start... if you're hoping Soma is exactly like The Dark Descent you probably shouldn't buy it or waste your time reading any more reviews. It borrows some of the good aspects, strips some away, and adds some of it's own. It is a unique experience and definitely worth the purchase as long as you have realistic expectations. From my limited, but extremely focused playtime I will go through some basic pros and cons as well as some more 'subjective' aspects that may or may not be appealing depending on the player.The Obvious Pros:- Respectable optimization. It could be better, but it's not bad by any means. I can comfortably play in 1440p with max settings on an i5-4690k and a SLI GTX 980s. Yes my system is powerful, but 1440p is twice as demanding as 1080p so I expect more modest builds to be able to handle 1080p no problem. I have only seen a couple brief frame drops during map transitions.- Good graphics. Not top tier, but certainly on par with the current generation. If you pay close attention to objects you are not supposed to interact with you will sometimes notices poor textures, but you really have to be looking for them. If you play the game the way you are supposed to then everything blends in perfectly to the game's atmosphere.- ATMOSPHERE. My god is the atmosphere incredible. It's definitely where the game shines. Turn down the lights and turn up the volume and really go slow and enjoy it. The sound is phenomenal, as to be expected with such a game. I honestly think it did a better job than TDD. Soma relies a little less on musical queues to indicate danger since it adds earlier visual queues. Hard to explain without spoiling anything but you will understand when you play it.- Pacing. This game is well paced. It's not back to back terror and there is very little monotony. Any backtracking has been really short and makes sense. It flows smoothly and you find yourself being unaware of how much time you spent gaming.The Obvious Cons:- It's easy. Simple as that. Don't expect to see really difficult puzzles. The most you get are the occasional ""Oh I didn't think of doing it that way"" moments.- Too much lore is given to you for free. What I mean is you don't have to work to figure stuff out. You don't have to open drawers and read stuff to know what the hell is going on. It's eventually just told to you. You CAN take your time to explore everything and pick up random papers and stuff, but only to enrich your experience. Basically there is too much dialog.- Occasional graphical bugs. Very minor and none are game breaking. But for a game where immersion is key, seeing something funny like neutrally buoyant boulders can hurt the experience.The Subjective Points- It's far more story-driven than Amnesia.  It's less ""start exploring and figure it out yourself, solve a puzzle if it gets in your way"" and more ""You're told to go that way, so go that way"". This means that you spend less time looking at stuff and the game goes faster, but it also means that the story is far more developed. You're losing some immersion, but your gaining some back in a different form.- No real inventory system. Your inventory is basically one item and you don't really choose what you're carrying. You're given items to use for puzzles and whatever you need is basically you're inventory. Keeps the game simple and targeted, but strips away some of the tension of inventory and supply management. No more looking frantically for lamp oil while going insane.- Death is not a real setback. You can get hit once and you start over in the same area... but your senses get totally screwed up so you have to complete the area with blurry vision, while stumbling around with your heart pounding. If you get hit again while in this state it counts a death and you go back to the last autosave (probably pretty close). It's a neat mechanic, but it undoubtably removes the fear of failure.- Large enemy variety, some scarier/more-threatening than others. Different enemies that act certain ways and do different things. You will eventually encounter a creepy one that you can't look at or get close to, bringing back true Amnesia vibes... but for most you can look right them and avoid them.- Not nearly as scary as The Dark Descent. When you can look right at a patrolling enemy that is just walking around and not hunting for you it isn't very scary. Also there is no supply management, and less feelings of uncertainty since the story is laid out for you in dialog as you progress. It seems like this shift was intentional (and not the result of poor design). The ambiance is certainly creepy and there are occasional stressful and scary parts, but it's not the main focus.- Very few jump scares. Some people like them I guess. But Fractional has never used them as a crutch and this game is no different.Take from that what you want and determine if the game is worth buying. I'm certainly enjoying it and I am a hardcore Amnesia fan."
,Recommended,282140,29471026,Posted: 24 January,all,you did,"If sentient AI is a topic that interests you then you'll love the story in Soma.+ Story, art, effects and sound- Gameplay, no choices+/- It's scary but not too scary. (Still made me scream like a girl :P)I don't play much horror games but I was in the mood to give this one a go to try out my new 1440px monitor and I'm happy that it wasn't toooo scary. It was actually really relaxed/slow kind of scary with a lot of breathing space between scary parts to give plenty exploration/story telling time. And the story is what I found the best about this game. Secondly the art, sound and effects, it's very immersive and always has you at the edge of your seat.This game doesn't offer any player made choices that affect the story or even any gameplay choices such as run this way or that way.. It's always very obvious what you should do and I would describe it as if you really just had a joystick that you push forward when you feel ready for progressing and that's all there is to it.For this reason I really feel that Soma would of made a much better movie than it would as a game but I still highly recommend Soma even though it would of been more suitable as a movie because of the lack of features that define what differentiates a game from a movie or book it was none-the-less a great story told with great art, sounds and effects."
76561198368347321,Recommended,282140,30578411,Posted: 17 March,all,vesakorkkula,One of the best games I have ever played. This game makes you think about many philosophical questions.
43536563546767835,Recommended,282140,31159570,Posted: 15 April,all,Conte Von Fappinburger,"Some random dude: I'm a true horror gamer!Me: Really?Some random dude: Yes!Me: Did you play SOMA?Some random dude: No.Me: You're not a true horror gamer then.SOMA. Bloody heart-attack-inducing SOMA.What is, by me, the best horror game to date, this game strikes terror to ANYONE who played it.You play as Simon, who got himself in an accident, causing brain damage to him.After that, he volunteered for a small project.During him being brain-scanned, Simon wakes up 100 years later on Upsilon (Really bothers me the name isn't Epsilon. Can't pronounce Upsilon.)This game, I rate 10/10. No really.The game has the PERFECT! balance between enviroment, game mechanics and phycological horror.Frictional Games, the creators of Amnesia, thought to themselves:''Hmm... what if we add monsters and enemies that move as slow as a snail, but when they detect the player, they run faster than the result of a fivesome between a cheetah, Speedy Gonzales, The Flash, Sonic and Usain Bolt, with a rocket strapped on it's back, while it's on cocaine?''''YES.''The game's mechanics make it so that everything you do can alert the monster!Opening/closing doors? Check.Moving and sprinting? Check.The sound of your flashlight when it's turned on/off? Why not?The enviroment is beatiful as hell, can't get my eyes off of it.But what makes this game is the story. It's like a modern William ShakeSpeare book about horror, traumas, love and drama, really.Final verdict: 10/10! Nice job, Frictional Games! Keep. It. Up.P.S: I ♥♥♥♥ing hate the Flesher. ♥♥♥♥ you and your teleporting!"
,Recommended,282140,18779224,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,therealmogwai,"if you are into existential literature, aliens, system shock, and similarly themed works...this game is 8.8 / 10for the average gamer   7 / 10"
,Recommended,282140,18976580,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Doodlebug,"Absolutely incredible game. Granted, my computer dropped a few frames every now and then but that's really the only gripe I have with this game.The story was superb, the enemies were suitably terrifying, and the environment looked phenomenal.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18748645,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,mcd1992,Less scary than Amnesia but an infinitely better story.
,Recommended,282140,18793352,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Maphex,Absolutely fantastic storyline.. This game and my choices are going to haunt me for a while...
76561197976807374,Recommended,282140,18837356,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dotard,"This is truely a masterpiece of video-game storytelling. Just beat the game with 10 hours under my belt, but I'm already ready to dive back into this world with new choices in mind and watch this amazing plot unfold differently."
,Recommended,282140,18223640,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,vodolaz095,"Pros: story, visuals, protagonist is unusual. They give you stungun to kill one of two robots.Cons: 20-30 fps on 2012 year notebook, monster avoidind is done too irritating. Stungun has only one shot!The unusual nature of protagonist have to be used more. At some time in plot protagonist creates copy of himself. It would be interesting to intreract with your copy, not killing it."
,Recommended,282140,18552624,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,[NoMvM ]Bubble,"Beautiful, sad, scary. Just an amazing game if you liked the first Amnesia game even a tiny bit I strongly reccomend giving this a try. The story is just out of this world. 9/10"
76561198022109440,Recommended,282140,18466595,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,johny.m91 SVK,Incredibly claustrophobic game with an amazing world under the sea and a very good story 10.10
,Recommended,282140,18763205,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Cake,The game is very well put together with a good story and alot of spooksAlot of replay value due to the custom stories.
76561198044392519,Recommended,282140,18791679,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dug,"SOMA brings up some heavy moral and psychological topics during it's playthrough, which adds to the psychological horror theme a lot. You need to care what's happening in the story, or this game will be unenjoyable. The plot is pretty simple, but gets more complex as you progress. The atmosphere adds to the experience, you're at the bottom of the ocean, isolated from everything you know. You need to make tough decisions based on your personal morals and none of your choices are good or bad, they are complicated, and that's why it makes you think about life. Involving topics such as what kind of life is worth living on with, euthanasia/suicide and afterlife.The game however as an actual game isn't that interactive as Amnesia, there are puzzles, sneaking around for objects and running for your life, but overall it's more about the psychological aspect, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, it's just worth considering before you try out the game.In my opinion it's the greatest psychological horror that was released in the last few years, but as a video game it would fall short without the story behind it. It's more of a psychological experience rather than a game you play, but for that, it's top ♥♥♥♥ing notch."
76561197988500417,Recommended,282140,18918877,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Koning Timur,"Wow, this might be the best story i experienced in a while in gaming. Loved it beginning to end. Big thumbs up to you guys at Frictional Games!"
,Recommended,282140,18810374,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Wrath,10/10 story / experience8/10 gameDon't miss this for anything.
,Recommended,282140,18864353,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Freakyller,Flawless story telling.
76561197998066822,Recommended,282140,18895934,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Henke,"Not just a spooky game, but a great sci-fi adventure."
,Recommended,282140,31422526,Posted: 28 April,all,Nasty Pirate,"This game is so awesome, I'm going to watch The Abyss and DeepStar Six right now!"
,Recommended,282140,23846759,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dastrox,2 spooky!
,Recommended,282140,34804899,Posted: 7 September,all,Morgase Trakand,"Ok, so I played this with the ""Wuss Mode"" mod (which makes monsters non-hostile) and also I skimmed a ""Lets Play"" video the whole time so nothing would surprise me in any way whatsoever: and it was still one of the best games I've ever played.I love story driven games, especially ones that are a lot of listening to recordings and reading papers. Soma does this well. It was very fun to piece together what had happened and think about the various ethical dilemmas the game presents you with.I would imagine that the ""combat"" element of gameplay would be fun too if thats your thing. There are only a handful of encounters throughout the game, maybe 8-10: but each seems to play out like a strategy game of sorts.  Enemies each have their own set of senses, tricks, and abilities that you're really on your own to discover as you encounter them. (e.g. some can't see light but can hear the sound of your flashlight turning on, some can open doors, etc)."
,Recommended,282140,28989850,Posted: 3 January,all,Slon,The best Human-end story ever. Play it!
,Recommended,282140,25982475,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Akruzhael,"I saw so much positivity for this game and decided I'd check this one out. I was not disappointed! Beat the entire thing in one sitting in around 12 1/2 hours. That's with looking around, admiring the world, and listening/reading all the in-game lore/files. The underwater world is really awesome. It looks beautiful, sounds beautiful and feels beautiful. The places you go throughout the game are also different and unique. Pluis, the atmosphere is great too! This game really brings out the sci-fi horror and I had a blast going through this one.The story I enjoyed and thought was interesting, and I enjoyed progressing through and finding out more about what was actually going on. I really enjoyed the ending too. I thought it was a great ending with how they did it. The only ""gripe"" that you could have in this game is that the choices you made throughout the game do not do anything to affect story or the ending, though I did hear comments about my choices. I personally didn't mind the lack of different outcomes though, as I was still happy with the ending, but it would have been pretty neat for you choices to possibly change things in a more major way somehow. People do love their decisions and outcomes in games hehe. I do think of a lot of ""what if"" scenarios after the game, but hey, they probably left it to the imagination and I won't get into all the details, as this is meant to be a review, not just a ramble on all the things I have thought of.Another ""gripe"" I have heard is that people said they couldn't ""explore"" the entire game properly because of the monsters. However, I had no trouble exploring, even with the monsters I was trying to sneak around and read/listen to lore. I think it added challenge to earn the right to listen and learn more. Though, if you really have trouble or just want to get another fully explorative playthrough to make sure you never missed a thing, you can always download the ""No Monsters"" mod.Anyway, the conclusion: I say give this a go! And I hope you enjoyed it as much as me."
,Recommended,282140,25922565,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ru$h,"Wow! I never review games but this game was incredible. It has the best story i've seen in a game since the Half-Life series. The game doesnt run super smooth, even with a pc capable of pushing 144 frames steady with vsync on, but this problem is only in certain areas of the game, the beginning was particularly bad. I googled around for a fix, and theres some people out there that seem to have better luck than others, but as long as you don't move your mouse around really quickly it wasnt an issue for me at all. Since this is not a fast paced twitch shooter I cant knock the game for this very minor problem. If you are a fan of story driven single player games and havn't played this, do it."
,Recommended,282140,26081143,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dredile,"Frictional Games hits it out of the park again! A slow beginning but once you get wrapped up in this enthralling story you will not regret it. Fantastic horror elements, great characters, and it gives you something to think about.9/10"
,Recommended,282140,25920372,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kekling,"10/10 would fist giant cyber♥♥♥♥♥again.But in all seriousness this game is a mind♥♥♥♥, in a good way. Brilliantly illustrates currently unsolved problems in philosophy of mind.I didn't find it too scary, mostly unnerving and eerie, not too many jumpscares (at least none which had an effect on me). The puzzles aren't so hard that they keep you from progressing steadily, but sometimes the puzzles made me feel unsure of whether to apply real-world problem solving that you would apply if you were really there in real life, or to look for bread crumbs left by the devs. Sometimes you fall into the latter, and that can take you out of the experience a bit.Overall: Get it and try it out, definitely."
,Recommended,282140,30266092,Posted: 1 March,all,Donald Trump,"As long as you're hard while playing this game, its going to be an amazing experience."
76561197989132185,Recommended,282140,23951677,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pulp-reduced,"An identical Other. To an extent we have to accept this fact, the fact of similarity between yourself and the other. Human beings can be classified into a species, thus a certain nature is immanent to both you and the other; a pure difference. This similarity, however, is one that can only be attributed to factual existence, a physiochemical delineation applied universally. When it comes to conscious experience, there can never be a one-to-one correspondence between two entities, they will, as long as spatially distant (anything else would be a strict impossibility) will retain difference experiential frames, or sense-datums – whatever you want to call this trash. The temporal analysis would have to consider the vicissitude of the world/Umwelt which makes it unbearably difficult, therefore omitted from this text. SOMA flirts with the idea of merging a continuous self with disparate physical forms, but promptly, and admirably, rejects it.Throwing a player back and forth between hope and absolute despair, safety and terror, SOMA keeps itself ambiguous to keep the intrigue of an at heart quite straight forward experience and expression. A lot of salient themes could be touched upon, but very few are meditated upon throughout the game, and even few are given proper care. SOMA does not do anything wholeheartedly, it seems. Its science fiction themes are thrown away for its existential themes and vice versa, and while both the world building and the existential awareness are incredibly well done and interesting, both left me with a sense of dissatisfaction.In terms of the cohesion of SOMA's world there are a few thoughts to disentangle. In the game “you” are transported between three different bodies, by way of brain-scan-transfer. Two of these work out perfectly fine in terms of the game's continuation, and the direct-experienced being continuous through the transfer, while the last one has complications adumbrated in the game, and with certain philosophical/scientific research is already known to be impossible. Basically the transfer/copy does not become finalized in the sense of it carrying the mind through to the other body by eliminating knowledge of the Other self. Here I have to question the whole point of the game, narrative-wise and world-wise. Why would this transfer happen with perfect continuity two times, but not the third time, other than to provide a clumsy existential scare? A scare that it does not dare dwell on too long, an abyss they would not want to risk the possibility of it staring back. With this choice the cohesion was ruined for me, and while not ruinous whatsoever to the over all experience, it hampered a good run of pretty good cohesion and world-building.Beyond the mind-body problem problem, there are many questions about specific parts of the game, its enemies and their motivation that is stated, but not seen in the actual game. Exposition to explain enemy-motivation is generally not needed, you see them attack, they become Evil, you avoid. But if you attempt to explain these things, why not do it with some finesse? Or in a way that makes at least some sense? The game explains its enemies as being motivated by a principle of equilibrium, but does not specify beyond that other than it being harmful due to its tendency to blur the lines between what is “OH SO BEAUTIFULLY HUMAN!” and what is “OH SO EVILLY MACHINIC!”. It failed, however, to convince me in this regard, and I fail to see how it persuaded anyone else to view it as the game intended by what its characters posited as their stance on these topics, and how the respective characters each reacted to certain contexts. What failed here was the sense of urgency and motivation the player felt, at least to me, and with a horror game – which are inherently unpleasant – motivation is vital to keep the player from deciding their time could be better spent doing something more pleasant and less senseless.In terms of the existential fright one may face while playing this game, it hits most of its notes, but is perhaps a bit too predictable. The idea of death is immediately integrated and instilled into the player's mind, and it retains this theme throughout the game with its incessant chants of HOPE and SAVING MANKIND FROM INEVITABLE AND ETERNAL ABYSSAL DOOM. Whereas this can be seen as effective, it instead plateaus the emotional/existential ground of the game very early, and the only real peak scares come from the false hope explicated by the player-character, surrounding characters, audio logs, notes and so on. And all of this in true ignorance of the abovementioned facts. So if you are certain of these impossibilities, which I can see how not everyone is, and how perhaps I should not be, you might have a less leveled existential experience, and not see the inevitable turns coming from far away. But for what my opinion is worth, I do not think this should be the case for anyone. So either you are unaware of these problems of theoretical mind-body philosophy, thus making this experience perhaps as puzzling as it tries to be, or you are not, making them ultimately pointless, thus leaving you where you started off. This leads to SOMA banking on the ignorance of the player, and the condescending nature of this directing-decision is a bit depressing, but for its functionality, it would have to be left to the player's presuppositions in this regard.At heart I do agree with where this game finally lands, which it immediately ruins of course with a post-credit second ending. But before that point I stand strongly with the game. A flicker of frustration against the backdrop of eternal abyssal pressure. The beauty of this is immense, and it lingers, and it haunts and so sharply attacks every bone in your body. As haunting as the most chaotic of scares, but with a retention far greater, a threat that extends to the real world and your actual ROTTING BODY. (Will anyone listen to me?)And here is where I want to delve into the positive of this game. While I have some issues with the gameplay and how it is both presented in terms of horror-mechanics and as supposedly interesting gameplay mechanics, I cannot say that one should ever expect great gameplay from these types of horror-games; I am by virtue of this unsure of the point of discussing it thoroughly. A concise point would be that it relies heavily on trial and error, while on top of that throwing intense scares at the player, making both gameplay and experience stressful/frustrating. Trial and error is a defeatist approach to game-making, I feel, whereby instead of creating clever indications of progress, or logically sound syllogistic progressions, you simply throw a pattern together where only a few possibilities can be identified, thus making it a matter of guessing. All this together with some hidden-object type problems of finding codes or the right information/item for the right way to go/right machine is what constitutes most of the gameplay, if not all. At no point, however, did I feel like the gameplay was of huge hindrance to my progress or disturbing in the sense of pacing (this was clearly the case in Alien: Isolation), despite its lack of uniqueness, innovation and at times cohesion.An interesting aspect of the monster mechanic was how it reinforced helplessness. In many games you can feign power by the ability to run, block a monster's path, etc. Even vision can be a fact of agency, which this game takes away from you! This was something wholly interesting and as far as I know unique. When both movement and vision is impaired, there is not much left to ground you in the world, or keep you from danger. This was effectively felt by my at times excruciating tension and sense of fear."
,Recommended,282140,18232654,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Jack Ripper,AtomsphericScary - Play with lights off in dark room at night recommendedi loved every minute off it didn't know what to expect. highly recommend
,Recommended,282140,18166356,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Zephyrrial,"SOMA is yet another exceptional game released by Frictional Games. The fact that they are a small game developer studio did not hamper the quality of this latest release. The environment and world they built compeltely enraptored me and left me immersed throughout my playthrough. While maybe not as scary as their previous game, Amnesia: The Dark Descent, (albeit this may be due to desensitization to the genre since Amensia's release), the game offers very tense environments with enemies that have you cowering in a corner whispering to yourself ""Don't look at it, don't think about, go away go away.."".The scares are not the biggest highlight of the game. They seem to have been incorporated to add to the story, to make you feel isolated, and to further reinforce your personal beliefs of the human consciousness. Are these monsters corrupted, unliving, programs whose only intent is to kill, or are they confused, lost souls driven to insanity due to the complications of a conscious mind living outside of it's normal host? On that note, the biggest highlight of this game is the story in how it can put you into fear driven existential crises. When I finished SOMA, it stuck with me for a few days. I was questioning the ideas and concepts brought up within the game.My only real problems with the game were that it was a bit easy, and my choices didn't have an apparent affect on outcomes later on (I have yet to start another playthrough to see if my choices change the ending, or just different dialogues etc). The only apparent things I noticed is that some choices made the game easier, whereas others would make the game harder, or just more tedious. The ending was also a little lack-luster, kind of cut short; however, you do get a little more ending if you watch/skip the credits. I don't want to spoil anything in particular as this game heavily relies on going in blind. If you don't you will have the bias of others affecting your own position on things.So to sum it all up:Pros:Fantastic immersive environmentGreat voice actingThought-provoking storyline that sticks with you for daysGreat graphics, especially for the team sizeNot overly priced for amount of content given (Many AAA Studios would have charged $45+ most likely)Cons:Kind of short, finished it in 10hrs.Simplistic puzzles, would have been nice to see some more complex onesEnding was a little lack-luster and sudden, would have been nice to have a much more drawn out and puzzle-y finaleEnemies a little easy to avoid. Maybe a harder difficulty setting that increases their AI and damage? No insta-killers except for the few chase sequences.All in all I would give SOMA a 9/10 rating."
,Recommended,282140,18159699,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Carnivore Angel,"An absurdly compelling, and at times, even moving piece of science fiction, and the best story in gaming this year by a vast margin.  That alone would be enough for a reccomendation from me, but it's also visually impressive, incredibly atmospheric, and the sound design is absolutely second to none.  The game world is complex and immersive, with the player's method of interacting with their surroundings lending a strong sense of viscerality to an action as simple as pulling a lever.It's my opinion that any fan of speculative fiction or the horror genre should pick this up, though be warned, it has some performance issues, and some people are finding it frustrating at times, though I never vound it got to that point."
76561198041065637,Recommended,282140,18166968,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Drago,"It's very difficult to articulate my experience in SOMA. As a horror game, it has scares and creepy moments aplenty, but it won't scratch that hardcore survival-horror itch you might be feeling. As a commentary on human consciousness and existence, it excels... provided you are willing to invest and immerse yourself. This what I bought the game for, and it delivered in spades. I won't pretend that I'll be walking away from this game with my eyes opened with new knowledge about the human condition, but I *will* be pondering the choices and themes SOMA has presented for a very long time, especially the ending.Perhaps SOMA's greatest attribute is how it makes you think. Curiosity will fuel you through this game, wanting to know what happened and what happens next. The notes and audio logs contain a rich narrative that takes some effort to piece together, but is entirely worth it in the end.Another strong point for SOMA is the environment it lays out for you. Frictional have really honed their craft in this area, able to tell stories entirely from visual cues and details. One area in particular comes to mind, an Escher-esque tower that is home to one of the most memorable sequences in the game. Diagrams and documents prior to this area explain exactly why there are toilets on the walls and ladders descending horizontally, but I will leave that a secret for now.The long and short of it is, if you want a good story, great environments, and a thought-provoking commentary about human life, this game is for you. If you want a survival-horror scarefest, you will leave SOMA with much less than everyone else."
,Recommended,282140,18703926,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Sullen Sigh,this game is so game is so good i baught it for several friends
,Recommended,282140,18165983,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Colossal,"Very awesome game! It's a little different from Frictional's previous games in that the horror lies a lot more in tension that builds up from the atmosphere. It helps that it controls much better, and is a lot less floaty (which is funny considering it's underwater). The pacing is probably the best of any Frictional game, knowing when to let up and when to make things insanely tense and stressful. It's not constantly horror, but when the horror kicks in it's a lot spookier than Amnesia and Penumbra. This is also the first Frictional game that didn't make me feel fatigued after twenty minutes, though one area near the end felt pretty frustrating.The writing, while nothing groundbreaking or amazing, was still pretty good and much better than a lot of modern games. The world building and lore was expansive enough to give meaning to everything without being bloated. A lot of memorable moments and character interactions throughout. The world itself is very detailed and, in most cases, very pretty. The only big complaints I have is that the voice acting was pretty spotty in the earlier parts of the game, and I dislike when games explain their ending to you (though it's not so bad in this).I spent 10 hours on my first playthrough, but I explored heavily throughout and died a handful of times. I'd estimate it's probably around 8 hours if you play normally and also don't die, which is worth the price in my opinion. It also comes with mod tools and support for community-made content, so it will undoubtedly get even bigger over time.Overall, I'd say it's worth the price and if you like spooky things you should pick it up."
,Recommended,282140,18157127,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Spoiler Alert,"This newest Frictional game is better than Machine for Pigs but no where near as good as The Dark Descent. SOMA brings a lot to the table as a horror game and has a remarkable library of sound effects that make the game world feel very alive and reactive. The detail in some of the enviornments in SOMA is astounding and greatly sets the mood for an unnerving sci-fi game. Sadly it suffers from terribly written character dialogue that makes the main protagonists of the game very difficult to relate to.Frictional fans that enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent for its horror elements will love the creatures in SOMA. There are quite a few new monsters that will keep you on the edge of your seat. The majority of these new monsters work well to scare the player in the environments that they are presented in. A few of the monsters seem to lack any real purpose, being far too easy to avoid or simply walk past without penalty.Death in SOMA is hardly a consequence at all. Let the monster touch you once and you get stunned and have to find a healing station to make your screen less blurry. There is a small game over screen when you get hit too many times or if you fall off a ledge and it sends you back to your previous check point.Although the visuals and the ambient sounds do wonders to reel you in, it's very hard to stay hooked whenever the main character of SOMA opens his mouth. Simon's dialogue and line delivery makes him sound like a very bored college student that could care less about the things going on around him at Pathos II. Occasionally the voice actor delivers a decent line that shows off the actor's tallent, but he and his female companion Catherine stumble through the majority of their out of place dialogue with many 'whatever's and 'and all that's in place of saying something intelligent. If anyone playing SOMA finds these two characters to be unbearable because of their dialouge they will tear their hair out because there are long segments of this game where nothing happens other than long exchanges of dialogue between Simon and Catherine. This problem with the writing majorly weighs down the impact SOMA has on the player - not only as a horror game but an interactive experience that is -supposed- to immerse the individual that paid $30.Furthermore, SOMA does try to invite the player to wander around the game world but provides no rewards for exploration.  There are no such relatives to items like lamp oil, tinderboxes, or laudanum in SOMA. There are plenty of interactable objects and recorded messages but they stay where you find them. This means any recording or picture you find in world cannot be listened to or viewed again when you've progressed to the next level. You have no fixed inventory to view, and the personal data assistant that you carry around only works when you find a plot-progressing console to use it at.There has also been quite a few forum posts about poor optimization. Personally I have also experienced framerate loss in open areas and occasionally I have noticed that when I turn my camera too quickly I can make models like locker doors dissappear. The game also crashed on me more than three times before I lowered my settings. This wasn't a big issue and when I lowered my settings nearly all of my graphical issues vanished and I stopped crashing.The lack of scavengable items in SOMA, the bad voice acting and dialogue, and some of the poorer monster encounters provides less replayability and detracts from player immersion. If you were hoping for a game closer to The Dark Descent, this will be a dissappointment. It's a headache for players that need their horror games to contain less obnoxious character chatter. If you're easily annoyed by bad voice acting, avoid this game. It's still very much worth a buy if you love creepy sci-fi underwater settings and a few spooky monsters."
,Recommended,282140,18185512,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ramadam Pablo,Art
,Recommended,282140,18188457,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Aku,I was waiting for this game. Was waiting since I finished penumbra. Hardly anyone can mix sci-fi and horror better than this game.
,Recommended,282140,18187375,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Lordaeron,"This game is def a solid one, The thrills, noises and voices make me feel like I'm actually in the game. It was hard for me to understand in the beginning but I understood throughout the game which is good. it's just a weird game, I get chills just talking about it and really want to play it again. I like that aren't given any clues which makes the game much harder like the puzzles. I'd rate this game 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,28540547,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,big brain makes upfor smal penis,HOT DAYUM
,Recommended,282140,18239990,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,SpinGee,"I can recommend this game becouse i really enjoyed it but,,,,Amnesia TDD was better, in Amnesia you were completly alone but in Soma you have companion, so Soma wasnt that scary.Also Amnesia has mind♥♥♥♥ twist unlike Soma where it ends just like you expect."
,Recommended,282140,18161232,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,FM,"Game had a great atmosphere, decent pacing, spectacular voicework, and hair-pullingly frustrating AI.Ending left me feeling empty and not fulfilled. More filled with animosity and bitterness. I felt as if all the work I put into finishing it in one playthrough was for naught after it. Would recommend if you're down for a good play but don't expect much for the endings. Definitely recommend when it goes on sale"
,Recommended,282140,18195275,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Zaithe,Was one of the best storline driven games i have played in a very long time. Made me question deep philisophical questions about our existence as a species and myself. Only con is i wish it was more longer. Great work team!
76561198035575251,Recommended,282140,18172644,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,RGZ,"Awesome game! - Lived to my expectations!This game is even longer then Amnesia: The Dark Descent...especially if you take your time to explore everything.About AI:So much of them! I didn't expect that! Mostly their previous games had 3-4 AI but this? Crazy! About 10 - 11 in total.This game have awesome story, great and not too hard puzzles, awesome atmosphere and unexpected choices you have to make that really makes you think about reality and what it means to be human.I recommend this game to anyone who likes horror!Great work Frictional Games!Having this game in development for 5 years paid off!And yes guys... I dare to say that it is as scary as A:TTD or even more!Oh well... Custom Stories incoming!"
,Recommended,282140,18181647,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Jordanwts,"Atmospheric, gobsmacking and eye-opening story. keeping you on edge with high tension moments Frictional Games do so well.You'll get 100% achievements just by finishing the game, bonus!"
76561198005984348,Recommended,282140,24219437,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The Trog Face,si
,Recommended,282140,18223213,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SN03W,"Very well made game!It's really creepy and the atmosphere is amazing!I don't know what else to say than, just play it! It's really good!"
76561198290691586,Recommended,282140,23788501,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Java,I dont have no word to say how wonderful this game is. I literaly cried at the end of it.......its worth buying it.
76561198050356656,Recommended,282140,18167490,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Biran53,"Ohh yes. Frictional's followup to their Indie hit, Amnesia The Dark Descent is a masterful showcase of horror presentation and mechanics, featuring a chillingly cerebral narative questioning what makes us ""alive"".The hide and seek gameplay is surpringly well balanced, present enough so that the game remains a constant threat, but not too prominent that it becomes tedious. For a stealth survival horror game, it's incredible that I can count on one hand the points of the game where I became frustrated. Puzzles are also vastly improved from Dark Descent, relying on genuine environmental interaction and player awareness than just being several stages of putting together a shopping list.The story itself is the source of the real meaty horror. You are trapped in an underwater research facility after the world ended with a suspect protagonist identity and facilties full of transformed hybrids out to terrify you relentlessly. But scattered throughout the areas are robots who all genuinely believe themselves to be living, sentient beings. And by the end of the game, you might believe them.I did.The game's morality is vague and inconclusive in the best ways possible (ways I never thought a game could be able to convey so effortlessly).The human element of SOMA is the horror that really gets under the player's skin and lingers even long after the monsters have shambled away."
,Recommended,282140,18156067,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,CrAzD  -  Jesus Freak,"Fantastic game.Scarey: 8/10Story: 9/10Sound: 10/10Graphics: 7/10Atmosphere: 27/10Fun: 10/10It's not 'Cry myself to sleep' scarey like Amnesia, but it's better in otherways. Have fun, fist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, enjoy teh game."
,Recommended,282140,18226118,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Bayside,"SOMA is made by the same people who made Penumbra, Amnesia, etc. It really feels good and interesting. Like you're always being hunted by some space underwater monster thing. I love it."
,Recommended,282140,18223181,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Traeger,"SOMA was one of the games where I got something entirely different from what I was expecting.In the first half hour or so of the game I'm going to be honest, I felt dissapointed. The horror aspect wasn't as intense as previous titles that Frictional Games has made. As I went further into the game, my dissapointment was quickly gone. The story is a huge driving factor, I've never been in more anticipation of the ending than I have with any other game I've ever played. The horror aspect also intensified as the game progressed. The only real complaint I have is that there are a lot of dead ends in areas where you're going to need to maneuver around an enemy.SOMA has a story that will sweep you off your feet as you begin to uncover it, and the ending was very satisfying to me. The game also has some very horrifying moments. Worth the buy for any fan of horror, or anyone simply looking for a riveting story."
76561198036909768,Recommended,282140,18174863,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Webby Vanderquack,"I am very impressed! I came for the scared, stayed for the story! (That that it isn't 2spooky or anything ;) ) I found this to be one of the most fascinating and interesting stories I have played in ANY horror game. If I were to give any complaints, it would be sometimes the monsters overstay their welcome, especially now that they don't despawn. So they sometimes get more annoying than scary pretty fast. Also some of the screen effects were a bit much. But if you love horror and you love great stories, consider this game! I am also excited for any custom stories in the future to help expand my playtime if this game."
,Recommended,282140,18152483,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Yum,"An interesting game, it's similar to Amnesia in a lot of ways (enemy mechanics, puzzles, the ""screen sanity meter"" etc.) but with a few gameplay changes, such as no inventory/HUD of any kind (except for when you take damage).Like Amnesia, the gameplay revolves around exploring areas, solving puzzles and evading monsters. Unfortunately I found SOMA's puzzles to be a bit dull, most of them involve flipping various switches, and none of them really give you any feedback on whether or not you're doing it right. I also found the seafloor sections could drag on a bit with nothing to do except run towards your objective, and some of the areas could get repetitive in terms of their design.However, it compensated for this with its great atmosphere and story. Granted the story is quite far-fetched, but I found it to be more interesting and thought-provoking than Amnesia's. There were a few loose ends that didn't really get tied up, and the ending was left kind of open, but maybe I just didn't find all the audio logs or something. There's lots of attention to detail in the level design, not all of which may be necessary as most of the levels are ""industrial interior"" or ""seafloor"". I'm not sure about it's replayability, you do make some choices throughout the game but none of them seem to have any effect on the overall outcome other than changing some dialogue.I also didn't find it particularly ""scary"", it was more of a psychological, tense experience. But it definitely kept me interested to see where the story would end up, and what impact, if any, my choices would have. It took me about 8 hours for my first playthrough, that was with me exploring and listening to audio logs, reading things on computer terminals etc. You could probably do it in less or more time depending on your playstyle, so I'd say it can range anywhere from 6-10 hours. Frictional had the decency not to make it a full price game for this reason, I think.Even if you don't like horror games, you can enjoy this for its sci-fi tension and story. Check it out."
,Recommended,282140,18154982,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,maxstep,Phenomenal! Can't wait for VR. Flawless surround support out of the box. Scariest game I've ever played. Physics based interactions are superbly rendered and greatly add to the immersion. Get it now.
76561197991981121,Not Recommended,282140,34872381,Posted: 10 September,all,crumpetsatdawn,"Defeat snatched from the jaws of victory: a brilliant walking simulator burdened by an unwieldly mess of game mechanics... Painstaking and inventive world-building embellished by some genuinely interesting plotting and dialogue - but an absolute chore to play. Such gameplay elements as there are (obtuse puzzles, low-stakes hide-and seek with robots, and an unhappy reincarnation of the 16-bit era's pixel hunt, compelled to scan slowly and methodically over the environment in search of arbitrary points of interaction) should have been completely redesigned or jetisoned altogether. Oddly, this is a game which would have been vastly improved had the designers not tried (and failed) to make a game out of it."
,Recommended,282140,18177931,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Innocent Kurisi,"The team that brought us the first Amnesia games is back with Soma. It has incredible atmosphere, music and storytelling and is a very memorable experience. On my favorite games list and very, just wow. Worth a play."
76561197999808026,Recommended,282140,18147527,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Beef_Stu,"TL;DR - If you enjoyed Penumbra: Black Plague and BOTH Amnesia games, you'll enjoy this one.But as a caveat, this one has more ""A Machine for Pigs"" than ""Dark Descent"" to it, but the added story elements give you a good reason to want to see it through to the end (I just got out of Lambda, the second station of around 8, to give an idea for length), and they get the expected twist out of the way early on - whether there's another one later remains to be seen.And the increased budget REALLY shows, as one of the monsters is able to make my framerate drop even on High settings, and it's nice to see that they took the proceeds from Amnesia to make a graphically more-impressive game, even including little touches like scuttlings crab on the sea floorAlso, be prepared for a number of gut punches due to the nature of the ""what measure is a man"" debate that's held within the game.  Just got to Theta station, and it's been pretty depressing so far.And as one final caveat, if you're waffling on whether or not you want to buy this, I'd advise waiting for an optimization patch, as even with my rig I've gotten drops to 1 FPS."
76561198004076605,Recommended,282140,18147700,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Ninjabullets,Some of the best sound design I've ever had the pleasure of gracing my terrified ears with. Frictional did good. Real good. It feels like everything they have done in the past has culminated... germinated into this interactive nightmare.
,Recommended,282140,18149430,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,RepTituz,I will do this short.- This is problably THE BEST game of 2015. (if you ask me)I swear It have been so god damn long time since I last played something for so many hours without break. I just couldn't stop. I just had to open and explore the next room. No matter how hard the puzzle were.. I just couldn't let go.I swear if you're looking at this game right now and still haven't bought it yet. Then do yourself a favor and buy it. Yes it's worth it's price.So if you ask me.. This is a 10 out a 10 game. Nothing more to say there!
76561197980898686,Recommended,282140,18733467,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Booyah Achieved,Booyah approved!
,Recommended,282140,19097253,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Vampire,"I higly recommend it! It has a great story, atmosphere, some good scares and it is one of the most imersive games that i have played! It also makes you question what it means to be ""alive"", whitch imo is question that we ask ourselfes often.Get it now and thank me later :)"
,Recommended,282140,31268241,Posted: 20 April,all,zephyr,"I've played for more than it shows here, but have not yet finished the game.It's really cool, very moody wtih awesome environments and sound design - with a gripping story.Get it!"
76561197976012444,Recommended,282140,26295258,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Krzysztopher,A love letter to Lovecraft.
76561198000731909,Recommended,282140,26534125,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BrainDps,"""Do my memories make me human?""Just a great experience all around. The enemy types change as you progress, each with their own quirks that you have to watch out for, and have to pay attention to.The voice acting and story are simply amazing. When you're done with this game you will go to the nearest mirror, look at yourself, and ponder life."
76561198006347607,Recommended,282140,23570564,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,pedrocarvalho49,"UAU... this game UAU, best game i ever played, the story is amazing.. what a ride really, thanks many thanks for producing such a masterpiece."
,Recommended,282140,18155656,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MargaretKrohn,"SOMA is #MagApprovedA fantastic sci-fi adventure filled with puzzles, stimulating enemies, an intriguing story line, & an immersive world."
,Recommended,282140,30251450,Posted: 28 February,all,Professional Walrus,It's like Amnesia but better
76561197969716534,Recommended,282140,23943659,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,aweisberg,"Good voice acting. A walking simulator that's definitely worth the 15$ if you pick it up on sale. I'd even pay 30$ if I were hungry for an experience.I really really wish they had made the effort to make this game for VR. I know it would take some engineering of the visual effects and locomotion, but it's worth it."
76561198007688772,Recommended,282140,24088905,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Aargh,"A mixed bag of a game.It's a great story-centric exploration game. The main plot is not particularly interesting (get from point A to point B) but the overall story and its philosophical consequences blew my mind. All those ""walking and reading simulator"" parts had a dense atmosphere and were great at revealing the mystery.It's also a mediocre adventure/puzzle game. The game is terrible at telling you what's expected from you. No objectives list, no journal. If you didn't pay attention or you just forgot since your last play session, good luck with figuring out what to do.The puzzles usually involve operating computers or some machinery and again, you have to figure everything out on your own. That would be ok but in this game it's very easy to miss a crucial item or lever and get stuck. And then it's really hard to get back on track because you never know what you've missed and where. I had to consult a walkthrough at least 10 times and I rarely felt it had been my fault.And it's a bad stealth game. I don't remember Amnesia much but I don't think it had so many random deaths. Monster movement is completely unpredictable. They always follow you to your room even if they cannot see you. Hiding in darkness is unreliable; often the monster sees you in pitch black shadows, other times it passes you in bright light. In the end, the most reliable strategy is abusing the near-death respawn system and I'm pretty sure that was not intended.I enjoyed the game overall but it's far from perfect."
76561197968274243,Recommended,282140,18738181,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,gato,"I really enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent and A Machine for Pigs, so I assumed that Frictional Games' SOMA would be on par with those two games. I also purposely stayed away from any information/spoilers going into SOMA. The game turned out to be amazing, and far better than the previous two games IMO. It's really nice to see Frictional Games taking what they learned from past games and improving on their products in almost every way. I loved Alien Isolation..if you enjoyed that game, I think you will really enjoy this one too. Very good game, and worth every penny."
,Recommended,282140,18247526,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Prymark,"Simply amazing! I've played through Penumbra and Amnesia, and loved them both. I went into SOMA, unsure what to really expect, and was left astounded.If you liked their previous games, and/or have a solid interest in Artificial Intelligence, consciousness, and the thought of existential crisis intrigues you, then I HIGHLY reccomend SOMA."
76561198014552029,Recommended,282140,25874251,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Fisher,Story ♥♥♥♥ed me up hard yo
76561198004288018,Recommended,282140,18206007,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Frostedge,"Well, I just finished the game, and it gets a huge thumbs-up from me.The game starts off incredibly well, with plenty of atmosphere building and a few slight hints as to what's going on exactly. I myself was left guessing until I was around halfway in, at which point the game will just do you a favour and spill the beans. It has an incredible story that gives a real insight into the human condition without coming across as forced or pretentious. As the player progresses, more and more philosophical dilemmas appear that require the player's input to be solved. The side characters are well rounded, none of them come across as either unnaturally good or evil.That's not to say the game is without faults, however. The main character is surprisingly dumb when it comes to comprehension of basic concepts, which will affect the ending. His voice also sounds rather flat, and only really seems to get emotionally involved near the end. While lighting effects are good, certain areas are too dark to see without turning up the gamma, but such areas are rare. Getting grabbed by a monster will not kill you immediately, but if you got grabbed near the monster's spawnpoint, chances are you won't get the chance to run because being hurt slows you down.All in all, good game, although I wouldn't recommend it for the horror. Instead, I'd recommend it for its story, which is one of the best I've ever seen."
76561197977659794,Recommended,282140,18206140,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,jjp,"8/10 on my scale. Features one of the darkest story I have seen in video games so far.+ Exceptionally good story+ Great voice acting+ Great sound design- Mostly standard puzzle designs- Monster avoidance gameplay feels slightly out of placeSOMAs gameplay is similar to Amnesia: The Dark Descend in that you either solve puzzles or evade unkillable monsters. But the monster evading part rather takes the backseat in this game. The visuals are not exceptional but good, and the sound design is very good. However, what really drives this game is its story. The background story is well developed, and the interactions between the protagonists of the story are just exceptional. Both in terms of writing, and in terms of voice acting.If you are into dark SCIFI stories this game is for you. If you liked Alien: Isolation, or Amnesia this game is for you. If you expect brain-twisting puzzles you will most likely be disappointed. Same goes if you expect the scariest game of all times."
76561198030858572,Recommended,282140,18207413,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Aznic,"Great level design, awesome story and animations. Love this game"
,Recommended,282140,18194012,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,TigerXtreme,"The perfect blend of Bioshock and Dead Space if you lost all means of defending yourself xDJust wow, perfect story that totally makes up for somewhat repetitive gameplay, kinda like what I've seen in Amnesia: a Machine for pigs (I know Frictional Games didn't make the second Amnesia but the gameplay of SOMA is more like Machine for Pigs than the Dark Decent)Can't wait for the custom stories that this game will have since they gave us mod support!"
,Recommended,282140,18194544,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Robit,Speachless...
,Recommended,282140,18205573,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Draks,"This game is truly questioning the meaning of humanity and our existance.Unique story in this horror market,a nd the preset is almost Orwellian, how much of one is really needed to be human and what are you willing to give up to be taken care of?Edit: A small minus are the easy puzzles, but they don't give a huge bump to the experience.This game needs to be played by everyone."
,Recommended,282140,18194416,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,WalrusTusks,An excellent game. Really makes you think.
,Recommended,282140,18205453,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mr.Cool,10/10 Wish there was more.
76561197970633882,Recommended,282140,18210756,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,spiffyjim,"(+) Story(+) Characters(+) Graphics(+) Controls(-) Head swaying/bobbing (can we please have an option to turn this off for us 'easy-to-motion-sickness'?)(-) Monsters (yes, I'm one of 'those' people who doesn't feel this game gains anything from having monsters you can only hide from. It meant I often had to stop looking for clues about the story when I knew I'd spend 20 mins. hiding from one monster. I'm hoping they release a mod for this because I'd love to replay it with just the story, puzzles and atmosphere)(-) Short (was able to finish this in 8.5 hours)9/10 - Great, memorable, haunting game with a story (and ending) worth your time. Besides the length, I think the only two issues can be managed by mods (Steam Workshop)."
,Recommended,282140,18201264,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Insayne,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥best game 10/10 GOTY every year. Story is sick as bru and the spooks, oh lawd the spooks. GOOD FOR ALL, except the drunk or people with heart conditions or epilepsy.Well worth overdrawing my savings and incurring extra fees"
76561197963018204,Recommended,282140,18209722,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,brutal2003,"Wonderful game couldn't recommend it enough. Great pacing, lots of action and suspence.A game worthy of Frictional Game's reputation. 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,282140,18211450,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sam,I was shaken.
76561197970613408,Recommended,282140,18208565,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Boygor,"I've never played any of the previous Frictional games so I have no idea if this game was worse/ better.  I bought it for the sci-fi setting.Really enjoyed it.  Sure, it's a bit of a walking simulator but I actually found the bits with the creatures to be a distraction :)  I thought that the story was excellent, the environment was atmospheric and got really caught up in the game.I'd suggest if you are looking for an action packed game to look elsewhere but, if looking for a desolate, creepy, well written ""experience"" then this might be your cup of tea :)Would buy Soma 2."
76561197987415186,Recommended,282140,18161984,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,//Vashic,"great story, many choices"
76561197971783216,Recommended,282140,18163403,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Aerisnoir,"This review is in progress, currently the play time stands around a little over an hour.Positives so farGreat, unexpected start to the game.Good sound design. Makes me look around frequently and stay on my toes.Gives me a System Shock 2 vibe.Dubious things so farMy emotional attachment hasn't been triggered yet. I'll explain why this is dubious after these bullet points.Some actions taken by the protagonist seem nonsensical.Negatives so farNone so far!ObservationsSOMA started out in a way that I absolutely did not expect. And that is wonderful. Frictional Games hits the ground running by setting an eerie tone in the opening cinematic then promptly swapping it for an environment one would not be quick to expect from them. But the attention to detail in both reachable areas and the background setting is there, both in terms of visual as well as audio design.An argument could be made that some things fall in clear trope categories, but I am not one to mind. It gives room for some amiable banter before you suddenly find yourself quietly crouched in a corner because yes, that sound you heard just now was actually kind of scary and who cares if you should've seen this coming.Talking about sound, it's really well done. But then again that is a staple with Frictional games, and SOMA happily trots along behind Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Penumbra. The sound really brings the environments to live and I've found myself more than once stopping and turning and listening carefully to vaguely unsettling sounds in the distance. Or startling at a nearby rolling sound just to realize it was from an empty can that I accidentally kicked into rolling across the floor.And that leads us into startling yourself. Simon Jarrett, the guy you play, is rather quick to display a couple of odd habits which I will discuss under spoiler tags:He likes to touch icky, black goo-covered machines. And he likes to talk to icky-black goo-covered machines. For sometimes no apparent reason.Example under separate spoiler tags:He nearly gets an eye poked out by a machine if you wander too close. But seconds later he is touching another one of those machines just a few metres to the side that actually doesn't really convey a good reason as to why Simon should be touching this machine in particular.Later after you learn about the blue barnacles growing everywhere, which was observed infesting fish, Simon can't help but touch a particularly large barnacle instead of looking for, say, a stick to do it with. No, Simon is a hands-on kinda guy. Full points for motivation!He also approaches piles of machinery lying mute on the ground, asking them for directions. This before the game has good and well guided you into the narrative that machines can actually talk. We know this from the trailers, yes, but I've now met one of the implied machines and felt surprisingly little in terms of emotional engagement as the game has yet to do anything towards that end.My feelings about the current progression of emotional engagement is dubious because from one side I do not feel very engaged with the environment yet. Because there hasn't been much backstory yet of what is going on while I do feel like the game is watching me to see if I have any opinions or feelings for what I see. Things just... happen. On the other hand I definitely enjoy the charm of walking into an environment that does not seem like it's there to revolve around me. I feel like an outsider who went in through the cat-door and who is now gingerly wandering the halls until that inevitable moment where I stumble into the ballroom and the music will screech to a halt and there will be a whole lotta awkwardness as everyone suddenly realizes that there's a player present. Cue protocols!I will keep an eye out to see if this changes.Still, the game looks good, sounds fantastic, has a plethora of things to pick up and toss around, and definitely sets the mood of forlorn insecurity and wonder. Add to that that it has given me the same feeling of abandoned dread that used to be the singular achievement of System Shock 2, I am geared up to see more."
76561197968571854,Recommended,282140,18180701,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,shookfree,Good story and good atmosphere.
,Recommended,282140,20361106,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Stevey,This is the pinnacle of sci-fi horror.
,Recommended,282140,29620721,Posted: 31 January,all,McDougell,.
76561198144552025,Recommended,282140,19535322,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Riftrealmgamer,Spent an hour taunting a suasage with arms and legs safley inside a security checkpoint and before that taunted another suasage with legs (but no arms) while on top of a balcony it couldn't it couldn't get to (presumeably becuase it's lack of arms)9/10 would write a shameless attempt at getting attention again
,Recommended,282140,20842820,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Digital Mexican,"The best I could personally describe this game if the Matrix ever entered the relm of the horror genre of movies but in a video game format. More towards the a sort of Dead Space vibe when playing the game even though some people would argue it's more towards Bioshock since it takes place underwater. Overall, great experince and even makes you wonder about life in a new light with surpsingly good pacing and never feeling out of place on what you are trying to accomplish. Ending is really based up on personal interpretation of what it truly means but that's what life is all about.Worth every penny even though how linear and simple the game might be but it's all about the experince. $30 is a rather huge asking price but I got it for around $23 during winter sale and still was worth my money."
76561198033200887,Recommended,282140,24022464,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HooTMeeL,"the best of the best games I've ever play ,,I hope there is a sequel"
76561198061090046,Recommended,282140,20340751,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Danish Devil,"10/10 Best SCIFI Horror Game Iv'e Played so far, Thrilling Gameplay and Interactive Story. Would Recommend to any fan of horror or puzzle related games, especially fans of Anmesia and Penumbra"
,Recommended,282140,30088214,Posted: 21 February,all,MEOW,Really enjoyed this from start to finish.
,Recommended,282140,31302613,Posted: 22 April,all,I'm Vegan ! [FR],Nice
76561198060873796,Recommended,282140,31288905,Posted: 21 April,all,Brocktapus,"BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY ITBeautiful/Terrifying/Intense/Amazing/Fell in love with itI got this game for $10.00 when it was on sale. But knowing how good this game is I would have easily paid 60$ even for just a singleplayer story line type of game. This game literally gives you so much tension and fear throughout the game with perfectly timed breaks of peace that it is literally perfect.-Amount of game time?I pushed through not to finish it, but because I couldn't put it down and got 7 hours of play time on it.-Why?You know that feeling when you complete a really good game with an amazing story and your just sitting their in awe.....That is this."
76561197970566982,Recommended,282140,18387000,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Mogs,"Novel story, great art & sound, pretty tense & scary at times.Disappears up its own♥♥♥♥♥♥quite a bit with clumsy philosophical pretensions (gotta keep the hipster press engaged), but manages to be something unique & memorable.Definitely makes me long for more games set under the sea!"
76561198021244204,Recommended,282140,18313739,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Darth Tiberius,"I bought this game in hopes that it would give me the same experience as Amnesia: The Dark Descent.Although not as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, SOMA is the greatest horror game ever made. SOMA is an epic game with an epic story, epic new features, epic characters and epic gameplay. This game is just f***in EPIC. Frictional Games has created something beautiful once more.This game made me ask so many questions, like what does it really mean to be human and what exactly is consciousness? You are going to find yourself thinking about the answer to all questions in the universe. I even started dreaming about this game soon after I started playing it.This game really intensifies as you progress further. There is absuletely no background information regarding the story or plot, so you have to discover everything by yourself as you play, which is something that makes the game even more fun.It is just not possible to not love this game. If you still haven't played it, you have missed a masterpiece and your life is incomplete. This is one of those games you must play before you die. Actually, what does death really mean? Do we just cease to exist or does our consciousness carry on in some place else?PS: The game makes you climb ladders underwater instead of swimming upwards which kinda feels a little odd. :D10/10 would climb again while submerged."
76561198068249660,Recommended,282140,18474107,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Duzzins 米軍,"Not only do you get to be a robit, you get to be a robit in a diving suit. Protecting all your delicate innards. Overall a good game because of these features."
,Recommended,282140,19047809,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Dysp,"Atmosphere. A combination of visual, auditory, and narrative elements come together to compose a tense, disturbing gameplay experience. The fact that it has taken me so long to complete this game is a testament to the fact that every time I start it up, I alt-tab out to distract myself because my mind is so completely perturbed. This isn't a horror game in a strict sense, but rather, a game that sears the psyche in such an unforgettable way distinctly unique to Frictional Games. Though different from Amnesia: The Dark Descent in key aspects, it is no less, just as effective. A must play for fans of the developer."
76561198028033871,Recommended,282140,18208069,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,First Mate Buddy,"BRAVO!!!! BRA-FU*KING-VO!!!!!MY FRIENDS THE STORY THIS GAME HAS TO SHOW YOU IS EXCEPTIONALLY PHNOMENAL!It's intriguing, whitty, clever, and will show you that no matter dark the situation you're in seems, you can always find that little bit of light in the end.I'm happy with the conclusion of this one, but it IS still a horror game. So to be fair i still feel that sense of dread for those (i shall not name, play the game!) we lost.My friends you will not be dissapointed with this one. This is truly a classic to behold!"
,Recommended,282140,18210193,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,=CrazyChicken=,Amazing game.
,Recommended,282140,19042899,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Gui.,I wouldnt recommend if you wish to sleep well
76561198057967081,Recommended,282140,19209500,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,diango12,Really great game. I'm not much for written reviews. I recommend it.
,Recommended,282140,26104297,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,2|●●●●●|●●|●,"""What do you think, Catherine? Is there a heaven full of redundant copies of the same people?Is there someone up there who'd call me an imposter?""SOMA is the latest game and masterpiece from the Development Team Frictional Games.In SOMA you play the role as Simon, a man who wakes up in a strange facility, working his way through the big mess under the Ocean and finds out the truth that brought him here.I wouldn't call this game even a game, I would call it the work of many many good writers and the thought of ""us"" and what we do to survive.in my opinion, this game was truly enjoying, the Story, the Characters, the Plot, the Audio, the Visual, the Action, the Horror.I never had so much fun with a game like this and an ending, that lets you sit down and digest, what you've just witnessed.Sure, the horror in this game is less focused on the psychologic horror, that a strange monster is waiting for you, but more the fear of ""Is this the end? Is that it? Is there any hope left?""I would absolute recommend this game for everyone who wants a strong story-build game with a bright and refreshing sense of horror."
,Recommended,282140,18171138,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,rgroy,"Sincerely, I am proud to say this it's the best game I have ever played through Steam. Amazing graphics, amazing story, amazing characters, amazing playing, continuisly improving the inmersion in the game world of Soma, contants turn points, plot points, amazing designing producing, no time for the monotony, every detail has been keep of the cut and paste world, each place, each scene does not have anything to remember to you that you have visited some of the rich and cared sceneries of this adventure.I spent 20.9 hours playing it, I spent 30 hours of my life living in Soma since the release date.Congratulations to the developers for this incredible game.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,282140,33170626,Posted: 2 July,all,[VOID],Made me extremely lonely and depressed. 12/10 would play again.
,Recommended,282140,31580934,Posted: 6 May,all,WhiteZe,"Definetly my new favourite horror game.In SOMA, you will face the question ""What is humanity, what does it mean to exist?"" a lot, and it has built a great story from it, also mixing it with great horror elements.The atmosphere is similar to games like System Shock and Bioshock 1-2, with it's underwater station setting, and it manages to bring out the feeling of loneliness and helplessness as you discover what is going on around you.Unfortunately I felt at times they had put too many monsters to chase you and it got tiring at points, but regardless it never managed to ruin my experience as a whole.Highly recommended 8/10"
,Recommended,282140,21164728,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Kodyd194,"Soma was an amazing game, and one of the best horror games I have played in a really long time. The plot was a unique twist on an old recipe and it just works! Soma is one of those games that will be on my mind for a while, and one I really hope we get to see more of in the form of official DLC or a sequel of some sort. The content of this review (recommendation) was deliberately kept vague and short to avoid any spoilers or hints at the plot, but I think if you are a fan of Amnesia, Deadspace, Bioshock, or just are looking for a grimdark story that leaves you thinking, SOMA could very well be a game for you."
76561198136070968,Recommended,282140,25992832,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,brandon.brigance,"Home alone with a steam credit burning a hole in my pocket.  Decided on Soma.  Loaded the game, turned the lights off and blasted the sound.  84 minutes in I had to quit.  Couldnt take it.  Checked to make sure my front door was locked.  Twice.  Now I'm watching the new Full House series on Netflix to help contain my anxiety.  Im way too old to be this scared.  Will attempt to play again tomorrow, during the day."
,Recommended,282140,24060680,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Splodey,Are video games real?10/10
,Recommended,282140,18165241,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ReinBork,I went around torturing and murdering robots in order to survive and end the end what do I get for it? My arm gets bitten off my a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥... 10/10 would fist the WAU again.
76561198092116707,Recommended,282140,18156506,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Its Very Berry,One of the best games i have played in a long time!
,Recommended,282140,18181380,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Schwoops,I literally got baited♥♥♥♥ me right?
,Recommended,282140,25934102,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Fraa Jad,Great scifi story / horror game that leaves you with a good taste after you fininsh the game. The only slow parts can be some sections with the monsters trapping you in a corner. If you run into this problem often like I did I would check out the Mod Wuss Mode in the workshop.
,Recommended,282140,32844973,Posted: 27 June,all,Toothpick,One of the best science fiction stories I have ever experienced.
76561198124983497,Recommended,282140,32844065,Posted: 26 June,all,Nᴀᴛᴜʀᴀʟ Sᴇʟᴇᴄᴛɪᴏɴ,great game !!!
,Recommended,282140,24264689,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Spitfire✪,"The best Frictional Games game yet, amazing story, interesting characters and of course, moments that will make you cry, from fear and emotion. 9/10"
76561198039364346,Recommended,282140,18162366,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SaneX,Frictional Games has done a good job again. <3
76561198051873009,Recommended,282140,18159412,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,PROGdor,"You wake up with no idea of where you are or how you got there. Eerie looking mechanical parts with what seems to be biomechanical growths conjoining them sprout from the walls of the facility. Every sound makes you uncomfortable. The environment itself is a macabre display of fleshy machines. Welcome Frictional Games' newest horror title, SOMA.SOMA, unlike many horror games, is not about jump scares. It is about terror and unease. The atmosphere is designed to make you feel extremely uncomfortable. To progress in the game's story you are forced to do things that make you feel instant regret.On the subject of atmosphere, the sound design is some of the best I have ever experienced. It does an excellent job setting the tone and every bit of the environment including drips from the ceiling have an associated sound effect to really immerse you in what you are experiencing.The storytelling is also something that would be worth mentioning. It's exceptional, not just among other titles in the same genre, but compared to almost any other game out there. The narrative the game tells really tests the player's humanity. You are forced to do things that make you question your own choices. You encounter several robots who are completely convinced they are human. It is all very unnerving. I have noticed a number of complaints with the voice acting breaking immersion, but I have found most of it so far to be good enough that it didn't really affect my own game experience.The last thing to consider would be the interactivity of it all. There are several hundreds of pointless objects that you can interact with, carry, throw or even just rotate around to look at. Since the visuals are so stunningly high res, it really adds to the experience. The first scene in the game comes to mind where you are looking for something you have to drink before your brain scan, but as a player you probably got sidetracked and instead trashed your apartment by flinging every interactable object across the room.My overall opinion of SOMA is that you need to buy this game. The sound and visuals rival that of AAA titles and the price is extremely reasonable. I enjoy it so much that I can't wait to get home and play it some more.10/10   Would think I am a robot again."
,Recommended,282140,18161875,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Splat=Krafty,"Being chased does wonders for memory recall. Somehow managed to run round numerous corners down some stairs and to safety first time round. Didnt dare look back once, you could hear what was there!Love the atmosphere of the game."
76561198054397566,Recommended,282140,18166340,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Lassmajumpen,"So this game is like a mix of Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Dead Space 3. It has the gameplay like in Amnesia, i.e. you dont have any weapons, just one tool and the only thing you can do is run away, but the graphics are like in Dead Space 3. At several occasions, i literally♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and got massive goosebumps - but it's not overcharged with such features. From time to time you also have to solve some riddles what was pretty cool. What makes this game so special is in my opinion the philosophical tone - what makes us human, where is the line between being a human being and something that is not?In my book, this clearly is the game of this year and the best game since a long time. I couldn't stop to play until i had finished it!"
76561198071669766,Recommended,282140,18167120,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,doot,"[Pros]- Powerful, thought-provoking subject- Beautiful and immersive world- Engaging, unique story- Quality voice acting- Near perfect pacing- Plenty of thrills and a few scares[Cons]- Storyline stretches on a bit too long- Monsters turn from scary to tedious after the first few encounters[Thoughts (Spoiler Free)]InSomayou'll spend your time your time walking, running, and crawling your way through a claustrophobic research lab as our protagonist, Simon. You'll turn myriad valves. You'll flip countless switches. You'll plug in various cords. Occasionally you'll have to hide from creatures to do said turning/flipping/plugging. And that's about it, gameplay-wise. One gets a modicum of satisfaction for solving such game puzzles (""puzzles"" perhaps being too strong a word).But that's not the draw of this game. It is, in essence, an exploration game. The real treat is unraveling the mystery of what happened to yourself, the lab you now occupy, and pondering the monumental philosophical questions related to these mysteries. You do this through audio logs, conversations with others, and exploring the gripping world around you.And that world is gripping. The artists have put immense effort into making you really feel a part of this cramped, unsettling sci-fi haunted house. You can almost feel the grime and smell the blood. The main characters are (mostly) relatable and endearing. The monsters are briefly scary.The writing is solid, but given the weighty concepts the game deals with, I can't help but feel there was squandered potential. Upon completing the game, one can come up with umpteen conversations, situations, twists, stories and conundrums the writers could've explored to great effect. Perhaps that would've made for an even stronger world and story. Perhaps the old saw ""less is more"" applies.Simply put, this isAmnesia: A Dark Descentwith much more graphical polish, and emphasis on the horror generated by the story/philosophy in lieu of physical monster scares. If you're interested in exploration games that make you think, pick this one up. It's worth the ride."
,Recommended,282140,18159657,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Filnizer,"So far I am really enjoying it. The gameplay is very similar to that of Amnesia. There are tons of items and objects to interact with and pussles to solve. While the setting is very atmospheric taking place in a haunting abandoned underwater station, I found it to be not quite as scary as Amnesia. There are moments of horrer, however they are usually in between what feels like longer stretches of safety. The narrative and story is very intriguing, it's hard to stop in the middle of trying to figure out what happand to this place, your self and everyone around you."
,Recommended,282140,18165088,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Taiylz,"Brilliant storyline that completely captivated me and never lost my interest, and the conclusion to it definitely had an impact. One of the most immersive experiences I've played in a long while. Not as terrifying as Amnesia, that's not to say it isn't scary. There's plenty of moments where your♥♥♥♥♥♥will be chewing your seat, and generally the whole experience from start to end, kept me tense and on edge, but the fact that it doesn't drown you and smother you with an unnerving atmosphere is a good thing, there's such a thing as too much and I think Frictional nailed it.Worth the pennies."
,Recommended,282140,18165585,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,AlManiak,"A game that is deep in any sense of the word. It's not as scary as the previous Frictional titles (or maybe I've just become immune by 3 generations of Frictionals torture!) but it's the best title they've made so far. It strength lies in triggering more emotions than just fear, and it will leave you looking just that bit differently at life.SOMA/10Would swim again."
,Recommended,282140,18166144,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,leaderbaik,"words cannot describe the rollercoaster of emotions this artistic piece of game sent from the heavens made me feel, and numbers cannot go high enough to capture how much I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,282140,18167008,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,<('_'<)IvoryWang(>'_')>,One of the best games I have played in a long time. The story held my attention for the entire duration and the whole playthrough was fraught with just enough tension to keep me on the edge of my seat.
,Recommended,282140,26650120,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,NinjaKittehMreow (Arteaga),Iz scary
76561198089205111,Recommended,282140,26587945,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Marcus,"Fantastic story overall, Really makes you think."
,Recommended,282140,29597681,Posted: 30 January,all,WE ARE THA SIMSONS,Don't look anything up about this game if you plan on playing it. The experience is entirely based on the story and the twists and turns it takes. Bittersweet ending.
,Recommended,282140,18592964,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,『スカイケーキ』,THAT ENDING THOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
76561198008574867,Recommended,282140,18720178,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sepharin,"Frictional Games continues to prove it's exceptional storytelling abilities in this underwater sci fi horror whilst providing a beautifully eerie game world filled with suspense and lore (providing you're brave enough to go go off the beaten path a bit). Piecing together the story line feels greatly rewarding as you come up with various ideas and theories as to what's happened until it hopefully all comes together for you in the end. The choices you will have to make may leave you thinking twice about your descisions adding replayability to the game.While I understand the horror genre isn't for everyone, I'd go so far as to suggest people brave the horror aspect and try this game for the story alone, it's that strong.  One critiscm the game has is that it has bad gameplay, to which I would say it's a matter of perspective, you may not have a massive arsenal that you would have in other horror games, the gameplay focuses on hiding, relying on your wits and paying attention to sounds and as a last resort, fleeing to survive, which to me is the epitomy of survival-horror.SOMA is an experience, where the old cliche ""your choices matter"" isn't hand fed to you but implied by it's affect on you as a player, something not many games with choices pull off. Overall a great intense horror game, go try it out if you're brave enough. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18716804,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,cheese-us!,"I'm new to the survival horror genre and so I wanted to try a game which is a little bit easier on the nerves compared to Outlast or Amnesia. After 10 hours I finished SOMA and I have to admit I was stunned by such a thoughtful, beautiful story. It was a emotional roller coaster ride for me. Joy, anger, sadness, disgust and fear - it was emotional. I already had big discussions about the general message the game delivers with friends and colleagues.One has to admit that the KI/monsters are sometimes a little bit dumb and you don't really know if they see you or not and lose their scariness quite soon - but since it's so focused on the story I can live with it.9/10 - I really liked it."
,Recommended,282140,18719958,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Techedvalor,10/10 IGN
76561198001895791,Recommended,282140,18734319,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SolaraScott,"There are very few video games that are willing to takle some of the bigger questions of life, for example, what makes a living beaing, aline; and the developers at Frictional Games grappled it and presented it in such a way that the average user can understand. The game is a brilliant combination of Horror and story telling with an amazing balance of each, if you love a good story and enjor the horror genre, SOMA is a must buy for you."
,Recommended,282140,18715779,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dandy,"That game is awesome.The topic, ideas, characters, everything is awesome,Even the graphics and all the atmospheres are wonderful.I played it to the end, completely unable to stop myself, and that was a rich experience and a kick♥♥♥♥♥piece of science-fiction. It will make you think a lot about future technologies, and how it will turn upside-down our definition of a living being.That's definitively a MUST PLAY."
76561198020568452,Recommended,282140,18719744,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Bil,"SOMA is a pleasant surprise for the survival horror genre.  This game has excellent atmosphere, constructed with well-placed musical ensembles, sound effects, visual artifacts, and immersive voice acting.  However, what helps drive a first person survival horror like this is plot.  SOMA's plot is a psychological roller coaster ride.  From the very beginning, the game offers you choices.  The consequences of your actions are unknown but the game forces you to choose.  The true consequence comes when you find yourself wondering if what you did was the right thing.  Did you just shut off a machine or did you commit murder?  The plot is expanded upon as you discover sound bites of those who were here before you and e-mails (in the same way Doom 3 worked).In Summary, this is an excellent game with about 10 to 15 hours of game time.  You constantly have an eerie feeling alongside the perplexing motif of questioning your own reality.  9/10"
76561198043087489,Recommended,282140,18736616,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Alton Brown,"Pros: Amazing atmosphere, Incredible story, meaningful moral choices, great puzzle and exploration gameplay, realistic voice acting an dialogue, truly scary.This game gets it right in so many ways by being a fun game to play but not falling into the trap of making the monsters unfun to be around and using them sparingly to make their appearances a scary but appreciated addition to the gameplay without ever making them feel unwelcome or too stressful. It delivers a lot of the fear through the atmosphere of the environment instead of cheap jump scares. The story is dark and makes you think about what it really means to be human. My issues with amnesia (Confusing objectives, un-fun monsters, un-fun oil lamp mechanic) are all remedied in this game. SOMA engaged me in a near-future, deep-sea horror title that I enjoyed every moment of from beginning to end. Highly recommend for anyone who likes first person puzzle horror games."
,Recommended,282140,18719263,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,最強のアヒルザカナ,"Well frictional games, you've done it again.You absolutely delivered on a fantastic horror game. All of your trademarks are there, the feeling of helplessness, the UNBEATABLE atmopshere, the disgusting monsters, and the amazing lore and story telling that I've witnessed in all of your games. From Penumbra to now, you've come a very long way, and this story really hit hard. You delivered a game that told a story about our controversial idea of humanity and scared us all the way through it. This game is truly unique, a one of a kind EXPERIENCE, not just a game. I was immersed the whole time and felt nothing but dread when it came to turning around the next corner. I loved it.A must buy."
76561198007508342,Recommended,282140,18188187,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Custodes,Frictional games.. You guys once again make a masterpiece I will never forget. I finished SOMA and it will be on in mind for a while. I look forward to custom stories!
,Recommended,282140,18186523,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Basilisk,"Amazing! The Story made you think and the puzzles are satisfying to solve. Another great game from Fricitonal Games, well done, bravo, 10/10 would play again"
76561197970095822,Recommended,282140,18184325,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Schmee,Terrifying. Not sure if I really want to play it again. A+
,Recommended,282140,18184264,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,TrumpKingsly,"Spent 9 hours in a state of creeped-out curiosity, 1.5 hours in a pool of my own diarrhea, and .5 hours wondering if I'm even alive.10/10 would doubt my own existence again."
,Recommended,282140,25860573,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,hellstorm102,Am i real?
76561197992790187,Recommended,282140,18181165,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Old man Cane,Great Game Love it .
,Recommended,282140,18722025,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Squeegee McGee,"Not so serious review:Didn't think a robot in a chair would be the root of one of the toughest moral decisions I've ever made in a game.I've been staring at it for nearly 30 minutes straight.kill me alive / 10This game makes sure you never do the right thing.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Significantly more serious review:I honestly don't have many negative things to say about this game. Perhaps I'm still coming off the post-completion high, but I think my opinion still holds some validity. Frankly, the entire game is worth playing just for the ending. I'm not going to say anything more than that on said subject.Graphics: 9/10Really great. Very clearly convey where you are in the environment. There is a rather lengthy period of texture pop-in upon loading up your game, but that's the only instance I've found of particularly low-res textures. The structure gel drips on walls don't look so great either, but these are minor gripes. The overall atmosphere and feel of the game is excellent.Sound Design: 10/10Not a whole lot to say here. The sounds are nice and atmospheric. They do a great job of immersing the player.Story: 10/10At risk of spoiling any plot points, major or minor, I'm not going to say a whole lot about the story. All you need to know is that it's excellent. For the earlier parts of the game, the story will keep you intrigued enough to ignore some of the fear you may have. Later in the game, the intrigue will remain, giving you a very clear sense of motive to reach your goal. Fantastic story. Great job, Frictional Games.Gameplay: 10/10I can't think of any instances in which I felt disconnected with the game at all. I was fully immersed at every given moment. I cannot think of any instances in which the game's controls actively fought with me either, unless they were supposed to, (environmental or atmospheric reasons). I don't believe there were any situations in which I was frustrated by the game, outside of tension brought about by the game's scares. On top of that, the moral choices which you are faced with repeatedly throughout the story will rip you apart. Just keep in mind, there isn't usually a right answer.Scares: 9/10Overall, I think this game is better than Amnesia: The Dark Descent. I don't know how they managed to top such a masterpiece, but they did. SOMA is terrifying, do not be fooled by the early chapters of the game. Jumpscares are relatively uncommon, unless you bring one upon yourself by turning around to look at whatever may be chasing you. Great tension, and well executed scares.Overall Score: 9.6/10A truly fulfilling experience, that I will not forget. Not for a long, long time. The story is interesting and satisfying, the graphics are great, the sound is excellent, the gameplay is fluid, and the scares are top-notch. I would highly recommend you purchase this game. I have nothing but good things to say about it."
,Recommended,282140,18182268,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ozzion,"I carried a buddha statue halfway across the ocean floor, only to have to incinerate it for science.The game was short. This was partly due to its simple nature -- there were no in-game mechanics such as inventory or character management. You essentially walk around, open doors and avoid monsters.The visuals were great. The game ran pretty smoothly.The audio was fantastic, especially the foley.Scary at some points, but doesn't feel desperate or urgent, or even very deadly. This was not nearly as scary or desperate as a lot of Amnesia: The Dark Descent. I am reluctant to compare other horror games to it, however, because when I played Amnesia I was definitely more naive and knew much less about games than I do now. Games in general seem to get less scary as I get older.Story seems overexplained by the main character, he wasn't very likable and the script seemed to shove all the interesting parts in your face. It seems as though the developers were worried that people wouldn't understand what was going on, so they spelled everything out.The stealth is very basic. The enemies had variety but were never difficult to get past or particularly frightening.No replay value, expectedly.SPOILERS:At the end,some plot points seem rushed. While the choices you make throughout the game don't have consequences, they still provide some moral satisfaction (killing life-supported people, the robot guy in the beginning, destroying the WAU)Overall, a decent experience. Interesting things are tackled in the story. Mildy scary. Immersive."
,Recommended,282140,18183986,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,offWeGo,"This has been one of the most immersive games I have ever experienced. It makes you think about all sorts of different questions and aspects of life. How dependend is life on physical things and so on. Just twisting your mind and twirling your brain while not letting you get out of ""it"". If you did not get it, go get it, support the studio and tell your friends about it.If you liked the immersion of alien isolation, you will love this game. It may not be as long as alien isolation (which length depends on its difficulty), but the voice acting is one of the best I ever experienced, comparable to the last of us."
,Recommended,282140,18181928,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Averisk Rex,Amazing and enjoyable. Captivating story and brings up questions of morality and conciousness. 10/10 Will Play Again
76561198048030452,Recommended,282140,18182023,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kenzo,Bretty good 10/10
,Recommended,282140,18182085,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Geek =-,+ Great game =D- Way too short =/
76561198012461471,Recommended,282140,18192573,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Filthy Pagan,"So having now finally completed the game not 5 minutes ago, I think I can safely say: to those of you who are looking for a game with lots of interaction, large amounts of exploration, and ahappy relaxing game. Yeah well... this one's not for you. For those who are looking for what anygood amnesia recipe game should contain; a deep thought provoking plot, but a linear course of objectives, and what is essentially a lot of masked levers, levers in denial, actual levers, button that are kind of like levers and door levers, then bingo. You've found yourself a nice tastily lengthy game with a pretty ♥♥♥♥ing heart-wrenching story at points and some pretty decent voice acting.The plot is very moving, it explores the idea that consciousness is what makes us human, not our bodies but our ""being"". This being said, it's pretty bovious your going to be doing a lot of body-swapping. It also broaches on the idea of mankinds actual downfall and how this can be averted through digital means in conjunction with the first idea (basically in one easy sentence: if you shoot me, and shortly before I die, someone transfers my consciousness into something/one else before I pass.... am I really dead? If that's not confusing enough, you're also going to be put in a lot of situations where you will be given the choice to end ""human"" lives, and the game even makes you go through the process of being at the side of someone as they are dying, So if you're already not great with sadness... this also might not be a healthy game for you. Trying playing with a kitten after, spending time with your family. Loving life after. It helps.""The baddies"" don't relly exist, like amnesia, there are creepy horrible looking-things, that will occasionally or frequently (depends which bit) try to nibble your bottom of or just curb stomp you, if that happens too frequently inside a couple of minutes and you day and it's back to the last checkpoint you go, which are nice and frequent, so to play the game there's not an awful lot of skill required. Try playing this drunk, with headphones on at night only and .... well then it's another story!Plenty of room for mods and custom maps for those who care to make such things, sequel? Hmn. Interesting idea, not sure how it'd fit, but I'd buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, because this is my Jam homie.Voice acting can tend to be a little clunky, with emphasis at points where there's none needed, but sometimes where there's a bit more emotion needed there' just blank hearted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere. It's all well and good saying the character is nerdy and socially awkward but that screams lazy. I can totally ship the main Character and the ""girl"" he finds along the way however, but more fluff needed. The game makes it out to be a whole load of fluff, but apart from the events on Pathos 2 we find little out about the outside world... with good reason but this is a little annoying all the same..The ending is ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. It's one of those ""OMFG YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S how could you leave it at that?! .... If there isn't more after the credits I am negative reviewi- oh wait there is?!"" moments. And it's pretty adorable....So all in all: allright voiceacting, limited gameplay, fantastic story, little replayability, Good Immmersion, Nice graphics and needs a sequel.A good 8/10. Could be a nine but the price is ♥♥♥♥♥y currently at 27.99 euroes, and the fact once you know it all sotryline-wise replaying it could become boring. Custom maps could be an interesting thing, maybe an official expansion like whistleblower for Outlast could help somehwere along the way, explore more of pathos 2 etc. But overall Dear Esther meets bioshock."
,Recommended,282140,18150497,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Patches,"SOMA is a Sci-Fi Horror game from creators of Amnesia The Dark DescentPros:The plot is very interesting, the game takes place in a underwater research facility;The environment and colors are very nice;Conversations are well made;The computers and doors mechanics is nice.Cons:Graphics is good but not much updated compared to Amnesia;Theres some fps drop and FXAA is the only option for antialiasing;IA is very bad, much easier to hide from enemy.will update soon as I play."
76561197984000748,Recommended,282140,18151835,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Entesuesssauer,"After 10.5 hours of playing through the whole game on stream I am in awe and somewhat in shock what I just experienced.To my mind, you can not simply compare SOMA to Amnesia, as each game has a different kind of way to entertain the player. SOMA comes up with a deep and rich story about ethics, humanity and the purpose of life itself. If you allow yourself to immerse into this though experiment you are able to get a lot out of the plot. The player is constantly caught between two stools to either conserve his innocence or to interfere with the events and therefore lose a portion of his sanity and reason. The game hints at ethical questions that may come up within the next 20-25 years. Better make up your mind now!Gameplay-wise SOMA is similar to Amnesia with additional and more demanding mini-puzzles. The player is able to interact with the world around him on a large scale, because the developers had a fable for detailed surroundings.This game is tagged as a horror adventure, which is fine, but do not expect the same atmosphere like in Amnesia. The focus is clearly not on experiencing horror (for the most part), but disturbance in terms of ethical integrity and cruelty.I would strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,282140,18170710,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[DOINK] JimJam,"HEY GET THIS GAMEDid you like silent hill? Did you think ""man penumbra black plague was so good, but the ending was too much of a let down?"" well son I got news for you. This game is REALLY worth you're mom's hard earned allowance.Now if you're a huge psychological horror fan, like me, you should immediatly pick this up. The fear doesn't just come from spooky wall-e creatures from satans♥♥♥♥♥♥ The real TRUE fear is the extistential questions that it throws at you and makes you feel ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE throughout. Now people who have played could argue the game tries to hammer the question through you every step of the way, and I will agree, it could have possibly improved without the protag having a voice, but for what it is? It's a must buy for people with large amounts of remorse over Silent Hills.The sound and art design is also SUPERB. Oof, baby give me more of that spooky darkness. Every single click and footstep and clang of metal you hear sounds like majestic horror. I genuinely thought some sounds were in my room with my headphones on. The art also brings you in every step of the way, every single area is memorable and there is almost never a dry spell save a couple small side areas. The ocean parts however, I will say get's a bit confusing at times.The story is very extistential and drives the point across every step of the way with questioning mortality, state of humanity, the idea of what it means to survive? It's ♥♥♥♥ed me up in very alarming ways in some parts making me think ""am I really a good guy?"" and man. Wow. However... I don't know if it was what the game wanted me to feel, but it orders you around every single step of the way. ""Simon, go do this"" ""Oh no simon, the power isn't on, go find these rudimentary items where the SPOOKY ROBUTT is to turn this thing on to go to area 2: electric boogaloo."". Didn't really dig that.The gameplay is... well like every other frictional game? What can I say. No weapons, no means of defense. Just stealth and honestly... This game was EAAAAASY. Like way too easy. Any face-cam level dingus can beat this with no effort. The monsters(?) are extremely predictible and easy to avoid OR extremely UNPREDICTABLE and easy to run right past. I did that at a certain point where I genuinely got stuck trying to figure out how to sneak past this one dude, only to try GUNNING it past and hell, I made it. I had to sit there and think if I was even supposed to do that?So aside from easy gameplay and demanding NPC's, issagoodgame. I like it, and you should totally check it out.Also... side note. The ♥♥♥♥ING OMEGA SPACE GUN REALLY??? You got all these fancy space scifi names but you call the thing to launch a rocket a freaking SPACE GUN. Christ the payload rocket is called a bullet, I just can't."
76561198016680851,Recommended,282140,18180495,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Polpolion,"tl;dr Different from most other horror games, still worth your money.+ Engaging story+ Very atmospheric+ In-game computer interactions were first rate- Monsters do one of two things: 1) chase you endlessly, no matter how stealthy you are, or 2) park themselves right in the one place that you can't avoid them, then proceed to #1. Monsters as-are do not add value to this game.- Not scary in the same way that Amnesia was. Characters and intro preclude this kind of scariness. Disturbing, sure, but not the same caliber horror as Amnesia."
,Recommended,282140,18182418,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,LugnaPuckar,"If you've played Amnesia or Penumbra made by Frictional Games then you should be familiar with the controls and how the game will play through.If you liked the previous mentioned games then you'll most likely like this one too.I personally think that SOMA had a great story and a good ending, but I dislike how the monsters usually felt more of a nuisance and just... annoying, rather than scary. What I mean by that is that I usually felt more annoyed than scared at some moments because they just felt put there to have something there.The puzzles were good and felt unique, so in the end it's a good game.8/10."
,Recommended,282140,18182760,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,squishy-chan,You want SOMA this?
,Recommended,282140,18182779,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Trippett,Excelent Game ! well worth a play just for the story
76561197982704567,Recommended,282140,26381298,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Luvnest,"Beautiful game. It lacks in terms of gameplay elements, but the story, the voice acting, the athmosphere and the love in details make more than up for it. If you ask me, they could have even skipped the whole cat and mouse with the monsters, since those were the only elements in the game that were frustrating from time to time (Looking at you Flesher). Plus it would have given you more time to explore."
76561198090222751,Recommended,282140,33384539,Posted: 8 July,all,H_MAN_25,I found this game to be incredibly disturbing.Worth every penny.
76561197982877381,Recommended,282140,22985648,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dethstarr,"Great game. Some great ideas and a wonderful story.  Very linear, it's all about the story but it is carried out well. Still looks pretty good and the environment feels right.On the other hand, I found it a bit depressing and sad because that is the nature of the story.  It does make you think though and anything that makes people start to do that has tobe a good thing."
76561198062884260,Recommended,282140,29705775,Posted: 4 February,all,nucleus_dk,"This type of game is normally not something i even consider to play but ....Being a Linux dude, means im hungry for gaming ..... finally :)Been Gaming since the Amiga ""age"" (mid 80's) and this game got to be in top 5 !Ive pratical played it nonstop, for 2 full days, and just finished it :)Fantastic experience !As i havent got my nVidia Card yet, i finished the game on theese settings :Linux Fedora 25 -> Desktop GnomeIntel I7 6700K CPU - 16 GB RAMIntel HD 530 GPU - 1368 x 768 - 30 fpsSystem storage M.2  - Game storage SSDThis game had pratical no waiting time for load, lag or anything, on this configuration.Froze only once, but i had been switching to Gnome Desktop a few times, maybe that was the fault.Download and install Linux for free, type ""dnf install steam"" , buy and download games, ex.SOMA,All ready to go in a short time :)Thats almost what i did, i bought parts for my new computer, and did what i wrote above. :DFor the money i saved on not buying a gaming OS , like Windows, i bought games, like this  one :)(and got 100% privacy)Cheers :)----------Update with New hardware :OS   : Linux Fedora 25 - Desktop GnomeCPU : Intel I7 6700K CPU - 16 GB RAMGPU : Nvidia - EVGA SC 6GB GTX 1060 - G-SyncMonitor: Acer Predator 144hz 1ms 1920x1080 - G-SyncSystem storage M.2 - Game storage SSDMAX Graphic settings aprox. 100 - 140 FPS ..... seriously smooth !!ohhh my , its like a new game, in a new world ;)-----------"
76561198062762012,Recommended,282140,25607683,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,I cant even be assed,"This Game is AmazingWhen I first got this game 2 months ago, I gave up after 2 hours as I thought it was very boring and mediocre. However once I was bored I decided to boot it up again and try once more, and boi was I happy.The Reason why is because, as the game progresses and the story starts building up, it starts getting very interesting. I'm not going to spoil anything but I will say it's very, very thought provoking, however only if you get invested in the story. For example, there are some multiple choice decisions that really makes you think, makes you feel sad and are really thought provoking, however it dosnt change the outcome of the game, but if you ignore that though and immerse yourself, it really just  works, I recall thinking about one decision well after I had stopped playing. There are also some notes that you read on computers that explains some things that are otherwise mysterious.Other than the story, the game is actually quite atmospheric and scary without having to rely on jumpscares, sometimes. I can remember some points in the game where you are being chased, and boi is it heart-racing! Besides the point, minor spolier here about the enemies, no story spoliers though.There are in total 5 enemies in the game in which you see about twice before they dont appear again, they all have different mechanics in the way they work. Which is very interesting as there are some quite scary enemies and they all feel different.However, the game is very cliche in some points, we've seen it a milion times, you go into a map with lots of corridors, have to get to point A from point B, with a monster trying to hunt you down. But if you dont mind this, then it's fine.The game is also visually stunning! The games artstyle works well for creating an atmosphere, with good optimization this game looks fantastic while being a smooth 60fps.Voice acting is a big thing in story driven games, and i'm happy to say this game's voice acting is absolutely brilliant, Simon, the main character is very good in communicating his moods and thoughts in well written dialogues. Catherine, the supportive role, is also extremely good, and the two characters play off of one-another. Making for some really interesting conversations between them.Overall, this game is absolutely a must buy!"
,Recommended,282140,25775037,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,StevenSeagal,"SOMA has probably one of the best stories in a game I've played in a long time. The game seems a little terse at first with getting used to controls and interaction, but I suppose if you've played the Amnesia games you won't have any issue here. The graphics are pretty good and there's certainly good pacing of the story. The game felt like a very appropriate length and nothing really felt unnecessary. I was happy to install a mod to turn off the monster attacks, though, as I was very much more interested in the story than that. The monster interactions are still good, but get a little in the way of the narrative 3/4 of the way through.Overall, it's a fantastic game and definitely worth a play through. Starting over again and playing it gives an entirely new meaning to every action you do in the first half of the game before you realize what's going on."
,Recommended,282140,25773237,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,KibaNZ,"Loved this game.  Had all my favourite elements, an eerie atmosphere and a powerful ending.  Recommend to all."
76561198266725730,Recommended,282140,26228320,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Existential crisis inducing, harsh & probably one the best games I have played to date. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18156650,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,CXX,This is the best game I have ever played
,Recommended,282140,31311965,Posted: 22 April,all,D4rkZ3r0,"Good music, good sfx. AI is easily outsmarted, but for $10 this was well worth it."
,Recommended,282140,34285650,Posted: 16 August,all,Fabulousigloo,"Just wow. The whole idea behind the game, and the narrative was amazing, and really pleasant to experience. The puzzles were hard, but all of them could be solved with a bit of thought. Overall a great experience, and would highly reccomend."
76561198130350041,Recommended,282140,33662020,Posted: 19 July,all,Devil Warship,"This game is an extended meditation on the nature of identity and self - masquerading as a tense, atmospheric futuristic survival horror game. The game's visual design is remarkable, as is the absolutely fantastic voice work of the primary voice actors. This game has a surprising amount of heart. If you play it through without paying attention to the characters and story, you'll really be missing out. Also, be sure to stay after the credits. (No spoiler.)One of my favorite games in a while."
,Recommended,282140,18508743,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Pyro Ren,"Strong story with an amazing atmosphere!+ (again) amazing atmosphere!+ uncharted setting: for the first time a horror game where you walk on the bottom of the sea at 2.000 kilometers depth!+ well written, driven story with a lot of feels (believe me, A LOT OF FEELS :,C)+ a large variety of enemies: monsters and terrifying fish D:+ no jumpscare cliché (it does have a few, but they are very well-timed and not overused)+ about 8-9 hours of gameplay (for me at least)+ no crysis 3 graphics, but still gorgious! (love the underwater walks!)- a few times you will encounter a lower framerate because of certain areas loading- one time there was an entire area with low framerate, lukily no monsters here (needs to be fixed)- nothing else, this game is amazing!definitely a buy! even when non-sale! A must for every Penumbra and Amnesia fan!"
76561198037823798,Recommended,282140,34782732,Posted: 6 September,all,bmatthews11,"This game is a must for anyone who likes suspensful games and anyone who's ever felt like life is devoid of meaning since we're all just watery meatbags riding a little rock hurdling around a nuclear fireball. This game effs with your head so hardcore you might get pregnant. But after you clean up that mess, you will literally become a new person when you complete the game and *ahem* find the REAL Catherine. If you aren't tearing up from happness for Simon-IV when he wakes up on his new world, you're a heartless person. The Simons are a g-dang real egotistical bunch and Simon-IV could really use some virtual acid but g-dang am I happy for him"
,Recommended,282140,31825982,Posted: 18 May,all,Sparkwire,"easily one of the eeriest and spookiest games I've played, beating out even dead space."
76561198032581245,Recommended,282140,18241121,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,STEALTHxPHANTOM,Amazing.
76561198038324894,Recommended,282140,26015408,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ayyyyylmao,I actually torrented this game and then went back and bought it because it was so amazing I just wanted to give the developers my money. 11/10
76561198050388097,Recommended,282140,26081043,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,YoBullet,"Just finished the game tonight. The story, the gameplay, the ambiance, the depth and graphics, the sounds, style, music, etc. was absolutely amazing. If you buy this you will not be disappointed. Keeps you on the edge of your seat. It's scary and dark but at the same time it has a hint of light about it. The story though man, wow. I enjoyed every second that I put into this game. Enjoy it for youself. :)"
,Recommended,282140,18605875,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lazer Laurence,"Excellent, excellent, excellent. A masterfully constructed game. Yes, I might say there are some flaws (a few moments of confusion about how to handle the monsters, some lingering plot points I still feel hazy about, I kept getting all the site names confused, some of the dialogue feeling too clunky or over the top about the thematic elements of identitylooking at you, climber elevator scene), but they are so minor compared to everything else the game does right. The ending is amazing too. Endings are really hard to do right, and SOMA's ending is perfect.I liked the characters, I loved the setting, PATHOS-II was incredible, the story was very engaging. It's been a while since I played a game with such a rich story, actually, and I was very surprised about that, because I thought Dark Descent's story was a little lackluster. There's even mini games in this game that I kept not even realizing were mini games! They even made the mini games feel so in place, so natural, so a part of the world, that it usually wasn't until after I finished the mini game that I realized I had just done a mini game!There's also three specific scenes that really stood out to me. About halfway through the game, when yourun into the Terry Akers proxy (which I totally had to look up that name on the wiki)I remember trying to get it to go away! by throwing a book into another room to lure it away from me and that was so intense. My heart was pounding and my hands were shaking just knowing that even though it was blind if I made one sound or bumped into anything, I'd be dead before I could run. That was great.Second, a point about 2/3 of the way through the game,when you're running across the pitch black ocean floor, was literally like a nightmare. Like, as I was playing through it, I was only thinking: holy s***, this is literally a nightmare right now. I'm literally just playing out a nightmare.Especially when you have to turn on the little robot and have to run with it to give you light and then it gets totally DEVOURED by some f***ing giant sea monster right above my head!And that was an incredible feeling because it was so, so well conveyed. I've never felt such an accurate portrayal of a nightmare before except from an actual nightmare.Third, near the end,when the ARK is on the ceiling tram and it keeps getting further and further away from you, and you can't get around the rubble fast enough and it just keeps fading into the distance until you finally lose it. Man.That was a really powerful moment too. That, “Ahh! If I could just go a little faster this would be fine! No!”Basically, just play this game. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,282140,19790395,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Thicc Thighs,2 scary 2 plei dis. I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ spooked me behind >:(. But it's a good tho (if you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants :--DDDD)
,Recommended,282140,23846795,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Aplexor,One of the best horror games I've ever played! It's actually the first horror game i played too!
,Recommended,282140,25894871,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,SOCOM,"It SHOULD be an emotionally moving experience, but I apparently don't give two 𝖿𝗎𝖼𝗄𝗌 about fictional characters so I wasn't moved in the slightest.  The graphics are somewhat dated, but that means the game runs well.  It does have windowed fullscreen / bordereless window, which is nice.  The game tries to bring up the discussion of how much something can change before it is something different (ex. if you change all the parts in your car is it still your car or is it a new one?).  This can get kind of mind-𝖿𝗎𝖼𝗄𝗒 if you haven't really thought it through before.  It plays like an amnesia game, so the gameplay slows down the story.  Some parts are confusing and require you to pace up and down a level looking for one little switch that you have to press, but if they aren't so unappealingly difficult, their answer is blatant.  Also, most of the parts that require you to find some object or set of objects usually has you wandering around until you find the right thing to click on.  There are no hints, or quest markers.  Not even a minimap.Here are some numbers for people who don't want to read anything and just want a numerical representation of my opinionGRAPHICS - 8/10STORY - 9.5/10GAMEPLAY - 7/10REPLAYABILITY - 3/10HUD - 1/10 (basically no HUD)"
,Recommended,282140,23876048,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sainta Claws,I giv this a 9/11 bcause of the wau a.n.u.s. that you fist to regain ur healt.
76561198197295534,Recommended,282140,23889058,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Drowned_kiwi,">Met a woman named Katherine>Tells me to meet her somewhere>Room explodes&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥me sideways>Saved a friendly little robot>Named it twinkles>Twinkles helps me and comes back every now and then, become best buds surviving together>Katherine tells me to kill a robot>I dont want to but i do it, i need to kill the robot to survive so i do it for twinkles>Kills robot>Twinkles refuses to follow me anymore>Katherine tells me it doesnt matterMoral of the story: Dont trust a woman named Katherine. Trust twinkles. Twinkles is your friend."
,Recommended,282140,23898585,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Island8,Great
76561198127510620,Recommended,282140,34667701,Posted: 1 September,all,Canine_X,If you dont play this game at 1am with surround sound headphones you are doing it wrong
,Recommended,282140,18506828,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Winrar.exe,Alien:Isolation Underwater DLC
,Recommended,282140,18166622,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Saint Satan,"A Thought-Provoking Psychological Sci-Fi HorrorThis game was pretty great from start to finish.  It had a much more engaging story than both Amnesia games combined and that really set it apart.  The visuals and sound design are top notch.  The puzzles were fairly easy and straight foward, I never got stuck for more than a moment.  Enemies are well designed and scary but what happens when they injure you is sort of lame.  The game took me 7.5 hours to complete.  I wish it were slightly longer, I was really abosorbed in the world and story and wanted to know more.  Still it's a great value for $30.A must buy if you enjoy horror or sci-fi and like strong stories."
,Recommended,282140,18289806,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,I AINT GETTING SLEEP (Qutiix| =,This is probly one of the most beautiful games I've played in a loong loong time!Really interesting storyline and characters! Its a good example of how the things you want might not be what you get!+ Immersiveness+ True horror feeling+ Character Devoplement+ Amazing story!+ Awesome Voice acting!__________________- Has an ending- Want more of the ark!- Has an ending
,Recommended,282140,32522187,Posted: 17 June,all,steejee,"A fantastic game, through and through."
,Recommended,282140,18419232,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Blue Zebra,"Absolutley climatic!Frictional Games managed to nearly completley wipe out the line between me and the protagonist. For 12 hours of gameplay, the game seemed more real than anything. Amazing experience!Btw. Just finished the game now and I feel completley ruined - worth every penny."
,Recommended,282140,25861717,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,sunRise,best game. played fully on max settings and it's probably one of the most beautiful horror games ever. 10/10.
,Recommended,282140,25862738,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,doomSday,"This game is good, it's pretty spooky and it has an interesting story with an existentialist theme. It's also pretty."
,Recommended,282140,25863745,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RockerMan503,"fantastic game! Story elements are deffinately the strong point! Probably not a game I'd play twice, but deffinately a good experience."
76561197969681441,Recommended,282140,22160378,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ringus,Something a bit diffrent no shooting at all. Linear story but great for it high production values
76561197968116408,Recommended,282140,18278115,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fishook,"As someone who is'nt a massive fan of the horror genre, but I enjoy sci-fi. I have to admit I am realy enjoying this game. This is been the first game I have played from these developers and will pick up some of there other titles.The puzzles and pacing of the game seems well done, its similar to Alien Isolation with a dash of System Shock. The atmosphere is spot one, but it can be a bit confusing what you do next. But overall a decent title."
,Recommended,282140,18168555,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,lovelyautumndeer,I had at least 5 existential crises.10/10
,Recommended,282140,34279282,Posted: 16 August,all,twitch.tv/raddtrap,"Frictional Games back at it again with some of that horror atmospheric gameplay and story that is just so ""deep""Soma is a sci-fi horror game with the run and hide mechanism that popularize the previous series by the same dev team.Gameplay, if you've played Amnesia or Penumbra series before, then it almost feels like home. Running around solving puzzles to get to places. Enemies where you can't do anything but run and hide. Lots of interactions objects around you. It's pretty simple and basic. But the run and hide mechanics is kinda getting stale after I've played the other previous works by Frictional Games and I feel like they could have done it better, but overall it's still decent and intense.Story, man... this is probably one of the best story rich horror game I've ever played. It's beautiful and haunting at the same time. It was a roller coaster ride of emotion. The setting keeps you aware of the fcked up situation while the dialogues keeps you feel human, ironically. Despite of the choices you make not necessarily effect the story, it makes you feel the consequences of all the choices you've taken and questioning you the value of life as the player throughout the game.Visual, it's a beauty. It might not be the most eye-melting graphic you can get at the time, but it still succesfully gives the atmospheric feels.Audio, so Frictional Games have been always done an amazing job in term of the sounds. The background music is quite fitting to the current setting to set up the atmosphere even more. The sound effects of the heavy machinery in the background, the interaction effects, the sounds of the ocean deep. It's just rightOverall, another amazing work by Frictional Games. A nice blend of thrilling horror with bitter-sweet memorable story. It personally gave me a life lesson. Quite the amazing experience I gotta say.Definitely recommended for the story-rich hunter with a some of that horror spice."
,Recommended,282140,19257989,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Griffin3300,"I've played a lot of story games, but this by far had the best ending out of all."
,Recommended,282140,20343681,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,JINORU,"One of the best science fiction stories I've engaged with.There are a few gameplay bits that were frustrating, but they might actually add to the pay off.Buy and beat this game."
,Recommended,282140,18420516,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Zed Clampet,Wonderful horror game.
,Recommended,282140,26107303,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Carth,"Awesome thought-proviking story, beautiful visuals and sound effects, and overall great atmosphere. The game gives you a real sense of unease and isolation, without cheap jump scares. I would say it's the best game of this genre that I've played."
76561198077437944,Recommended,282140,22367608,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,gyisong,"At the end, I was like, ""wau, is this for real?"" Amazing story and game play, also poses quite a few psychological and ethical dilemas, 10/10."
76561198007747398,Recommended,282140,25967428,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"I finished this game. I stared at the credits and didn't know what to do or what to think. I felt lost, but still with a spark of hope. I felt terrified, but also touched. I felt sad but in the meantime happy.What can I say? Awesome story line, full of twists and surprises, ups and downs. Great atmosphere.Impeccable graphics.. They really get to the primal fears of human : Darkness, unknown, wilderness, isolation, and of course, eternity ... and if you have a phobia of ocean , this game will send chill down your spine. Frictional games has proved once again that you don't need a bunch of demonic evil faces with sharp teeth and blood to feel petrified. The deepest fears are rooted in our genes. Frictional games has done a brilliant ,seamless job to trigger them.My heart stopped whenSimon didn't get on the ark, and it kept sinking wheneverything was just going darker and darker till Cath faded away... Dramatic and cringy as it may sound, the ending left you contemplating about your existence.This is not your average survival horror, but truly a piece of art. Congratulations Frictional, you've scared me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (again) and almost drove me to tears.  10/10. Best survival horror ever. RECOMMENDED."
76561198062956045,Recommended,282140,34852403,Posted: 9 September,all,Sexy Snowglobe,"A work of art. Story is phenomenal, bringing up themes of what it is to be human and if artificial intelligence fall under it. Spoilers aside you play as Simon who awakens in an underwater research facility after going in for a experimental brain scan after a car accident left him with brain damage. Great and interesting monsters, solid level design, and well implemented enviromental and auditory story telling. One of the best games i've ever played, you can tell the team who made it really cared about it. Relatively short but worth every penny.The ending also broke my heart and messed up my emotions"
,Recommended,282140,34197976,Posted: 12 August,all,ChaosPatriarch,"The way SOMA manages to question what it is to be human, an AI and the concept of the end of the world. You clearly get along with the lives of every person involved. The monsters were scary at all, had a lot of scary parts. It was a great horror game. I loved it, everyone had their own uniqueness."
,Recommended,282140,34210364,Posted: 13 August,all,baltasarq,Impressive game. One of the best played lately.
76561198074224450,Recommended,282140,26523927,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GRABLICH,Silicon-based life form.Authors of this game know something.
,Recommended,282140,18229585,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,CrazyCanuck,"Frictional Games continues their track record of releasing fantastic games.SOMA's atmosphere is what makes it the game it is. Not that it specifically takes place underwater, but everything about the world is foreboding and eerie. While there's not much variety in the places you explore (bouncing from one industrial looking area to another), there's enough going onwithinthose walls that will keep you glued to your monitor.I finished it in just under eleven hours (with about 30 minutes total of idle/load time, I'd guess). I want to say I found everything relating to the story, but I doubt I did, as there's so much to discover, from tablets with recordings, to written notes, to scientific calculations on whiteboards.SOMA has a few issues, but it is without a doubt one of the best horror titles to release this year.ProsImmersive story: The story is fantastic, and will throw you a few surprises along the way. It's one of the few games where, upon getting to the ending, I just did not expect it to end the way it did.Graphics: Aside from a few hiccups, such as clipping and some minor details (like standing under a drip from the ceiling and having it gothroughyou instead of just dripping down), the game looks fantastic. The various stations don't look drastically different from one another, but they are very well modeled. The ocean floor, the structures outside, are all excellent, and really throw you into the world.Sound/Voice: Sound and music generally put the horror into a horror game; all the creepy or disturbing visuals and story won't matter much if the music and sound don't adequately accompany the game. Luckily, SOMA is well done in both. The voice acting is fairly consistent and good throughout the game, with only a few lines that seemed phoned in, or like the actors questioned that particular part in the script while reading it.Puzzles: There aren't a lot of puzzles, but they're easy enough to not really pull you from the immersion. There's no solving painting puzzles to unlock a latch which reveals a key which is used to open something completely unrelated to anything in order to get something else to progress. You'll run into typical puzzles, like rotate the items to get a line from A to B, as well as a couple unique ones.Morality: SOMA does make you think now and then. While there are only a few choices you can make, they don't seem to have a huge impact on the story. Suffice it to say, I generally felt more bad for the non-humans than the humans.ConsEnemies: The enemies you face are very few and far between, and they're fairly uninspired. Perhaps the first time you see one you'll go ""eh, he's okay"". The hide and seek you play doesn't happen too often, and that's fine; it's really the environment that you're more scared of.Optimization: The game, as of this writing, was a bit inconsistent for me. There were times when my framerate dropped drastically, for no apparent reason, and I encountered numerous crashes; 12 of them. The majority of them happened every other transition, when entering a new station after traversing the ocean. Two of them happened back-to-back at the very end sequence, and the majority of them happened just before what would have been the autosave.Replayability: I don't see much reason to replay the game. You could go through the game again and choose to do (or not do) the opposite of what you did previously, but those choices don't seem to have an impact, perhaps some slight dialogue change at the moment. I could be wrong, though, and feel free to correct me if I am.SummaryBuy SOMA. Play SOMA. Enjoy SOMA.If you're one of those people where horror games gets to you, bugs you, crawls under your skin until you shriek, you'll likely have similar feelings. If you're used to horror games or are a fan of everything horror (such as myself), you likely won't worry too much; SOMA is full of atmospheric horror, with no jump scares.Protip: At the end of the game, don't quit when the credits roll.Extra special thanks: the Toronto inclusion, from the multiple times it's mentioned to the subway stop names, in the correct order! I don't know if Frictional has a Toronto connection, but as a Torontonian, it was a nice surprise."
76561197992229015,Recommended,282140,29174086,Posted: 10 January,all,Dire,"Your enjoyment of Soma will depend mostly on what you expect it to be I guess. Soma is NOT a survival horror game that mercilessly pits you against evil all the time like Outlast did expertly only 1 or 2 years ago. Many people seem to compare these 2 games, but they're not remotely related. In Outlast you have to outwit and outrun opponents you can't hurt. In Soma you can't hurt your enemies either, but you're not going to hide in lockers or run through alleyways. In fact there are only a handful of occurrences in the game where you have to actively dodge an enemy and apart from 1 they're all pretty short and require an easy but different solution each time. That 1 enemy though? ♥♥♥♥ me, that reduced the game from a solid 9 to merely a 7 or so. It was extremely frustrating.You're going to be scared a bit by the game. Perhaps. But most of it is more mysterious or dreadful. There are questions of morality and there's a lot of exploration and background info that you can easily miss if you rush through the game. If you do that, Soma is not for you, and you will only learn a fraction about the actual story. That story has you waking up in an undersea lab pretty early on. What's going on? Why are you there? What are these things? And what is life? Soma asks the tough questions, but to say more would be a spoiler. It's enough to say that the story sunk its teeth into me. The atmosphere (both visuals and sound) did the rest.Soma is an exceptionally atmospheric game with nice effects and overall pretty ok graphics, however the textures are pretty muddy for the most part, so don't expect too much. The lighting and other effects make up for most of it, however. Walking along the ocean floor or exploring the many undersea stations gives you the chills. The deep sea is just a primal force, oppressive, untamed, uncaring. In Soma, you truly feel alone and insignificant at times, even though you're playing a major role...Enjoy this underwater ""horror"" game, but don't expect a fright or slaughter fest."
76561197976351228,Recommended,282140,34410623,Posted: 22 August,all,Æ √ Snarks,"First off, I have to admit that I have not played SOMA myself. Instead, I watched a Youtuber play the game, which in turn thoroughly convinced me to purchase the game.Very rarely does a game tell such a mature and brilliant story. SOMA is a science fiction masterpiece that deserves its place alongside other major and influential works of art. To say SOMA is a psychological horror is an understatement. SOMA raises questions regarding our existance, our ethics, and our purpose through its brilliant narrative, where humankind is on the brink of extinction and faces an existential crisis. Where other works thrive in literature or film, SOMA thrives as a video game, taking full advantage of the medium's interactivity whilst telling a haunting narrative of a dystopian future that is completely unique to the medium."
,Recommended,282140,26090016,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Shrike,"A disturbing horror survival experience that will chill you to the bone. This game is not like your usual horror, you will not only be frightened, but truly shaken; An effect achieved by more than cheap jumpscares and thrills, but rather true psychological horror. You will question your own sanity in this game, you will learn to love and hate yourself after finishing this game - if you can call it a game; This is more of an experience than a game.Brilliantly tied together in a most immersive and thrilling experience of excellent and very well executed and timed elements. Everything is so well executed and nothing feels like it has been spread too thin or forced. A phenomenal title that is brimming with quality.Key strengths of this game are a combination of its great:Story! I would rank this #1 of all stories that I have experienced in any media. Tied all together with an exceptional ending.Atmosphere and environmentVisual design and graphicsSound, audio design, and voice actingGameplay elementsEnemy designPuzzle solvingI would highly recommend this to anybody that enjoys a good atmosphere and story. Enjoy this game though, make some time for it, take it slow, breathe it in, sip it slowly like a mature bourbon; Feel it flow through you. Let it draw you in. Where am I? Catherine? Catherine? Please don't leave me alone..."
,Recommended,282140,18505042,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,NorthMaple,"A bloody creepy game with a bloody goooooooooooooooooood story. Everything makes you feel logical. With the definitions it gives you during the game, you can even guess what will happen next. The whole story just goes smoothly. It's not perfect, but it's definitely well worth playing."
,Recommended,282140,18325473,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,theironpaw,"I highly recommend this new IP from Frictional Games.They really know how to write a captivating story. I am impressed I think it took a solid 6 hours to complete (played it offline) and the game mechainics and puzzels were fun. The chance in game pace was perfect, I was interested and intrigued the entire length of the game. by the end of it, it gave good questions to think about.Worth every peny, Thanks Frictional Games!"
,Recommended,282140,25861228,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Se_7_eN,Great story... It will make you feel dead inside and haunt you for many nights to come.
,Recommended,282140,22541965,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,A-Mei-Zing,What does it mean to be....human?
,Recommended,282140,30498292,Posted: 13 March,all,Mightydoot,A classic.
,Recommended,282140,31213466,Posted: 17 April,all,LazyJack,"Fantastic experience that leaves you questioning your choices and leaving you with a thought that stuck with me for the next couple of days. Ask yourself what you would have done at omicron? Best horror experience since outlast, and ive tried all inbetween. Must buy!"
76561198149809753,Recommended,282140,31339956,Posted: 24 April,all,Rey,Yes. Buy it. One of the greatest games I have ever played.
,Recommended,282140,18948954,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Blup afk,"[No spoilers]This game might not be really scary, but the mood and atmosphere in this game is just unrivaled. The feeling of loneliness, exploring the world that used to be there, and unraveling the story was so incredible. I felt genuinely sad when it was over that I couldn't continue any longer.Positives- The story; It just sucked me in from the beginning, and I had real difficulties to stop playing this until finished.- The environments- Suspense; The overal tension in this game is great. Every time you open a door you're never quite sure what to expect. there might only be a handful of jumpscares, but boy are some of them incredible. Especially the last really big scare before the grand finale. I was yelping all the way through- Controls are responsive and intuitive- Sound is just phenomenal- Performance was solidMixed- Loading times: I've had 1 loading time take over 2 minutes. But then others would finish in like 15 seconds. And my rig is not really lacking in power.Negatives- I had to do a lot of tweaking before this game even worked for me. This included manually setting up an SLI profile to make both cards work, changing the FPS to match my screen hz, and fixing the resolution it boots on just to even get the game started. I consider myself pretty well versed in this sort of stuff, yet I was frustrated all this time to figure out what was wrong. Anyone who doesn't know where to look for this stuff would be f*cked.- Some of the monster models were maybe not the greatest. The main one I had in mind was the walking giant brown poop? I know it's some sort of mutated human, but as soon as I saw him, he pretty much became like a pet that I was dodging.- The gamma setting; I fiddled around with it a lot, but was never completely satisfied with the end result. Ended up having to make a separate profile for my monitor to work in combination- I wouldn't overly count this game as a horror, so anyone jumping in this expecting a full fledged horror might be dissapointed. Although I understand how it would be difficult to label this game otherwise due to some segments. not really a negative, just something to be aware of.- Flashlights have really degraded in terms of strength in the future"
76561198084792490,Recommended,282140,18152323,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,michaelbeck259,Alien and bioshock had a baby and named it soma...! I've just started playing it and so far it's alright' but still don't know if it's anything ground breaking.... I'll have to get back later for a final summary...
,Recommended,282140,18145605,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,PounceBounce,"So, I reckon I'm a couple hours in at this point. I genuinely can't fault the gameplay at all. This game is so damn immersive and has so many subtle creepy things that go on around you in the environment. There are many different outcomes and ways to play and you can make decisions that will either make the game harder or easier based on these decisions. The sound and level design is just... Incredible. Some of the best I have ever seen. My only gripe is I am getting some pretty brutal drop in frame rate from time to time. But my GPU is a bit dated (670) and I believe it's just running out of memory. (Only has an issue when there is heaps of water or simmilar effects).I have never actually written a review on Steam. But this game has so far; lived up to my expectations. Infact it has excelled and surprised me, despite following the project since it was first made public.TLDR: Just bloody buy it."
76561198046378596,Recommended,282140,18147391,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,FATALITY,"Hands down one of the best games i have played, frictional games really outdid themselves with the story, gamplay and beauty of SOMA. Definatly a must play for horror lovers. 9.5/10 could do with more angler fish and giant sea spiders."
,Recommended,282140,18155176,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,King_Of_The_Norh,10/10
,Recommended,282140,18156055,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,GuiltyKarma,"Horror Game Soma, from the creators of Amnesia and the Penumbra series successfully captured the essence of great story telling once again.For returning fans, Horror game newcomers, and veterans, Soma is the kind of game that tells an amazing story while leaving you in the dark at the same time.You'll instantly say ""oh, I already know what's going on here."" because they put into motion a series of events that seems to cliche to tolerate, but quickly pulls a 180 and messes with your judgement.Pros:The story is really nice.The game is gorgeous and has a wonderful ambiance that really sells the mood of the game.The music and sound effects work well with the enviroment, especially for those wearing headphones.Just the right amount of suspense to keep the game tense without being overly frightening.Cons:I've had several crashes, audio issues and setbacks, typically in certain areas. but its launch day, so whatever.I noticed a distinct lack of cover to hide behind which often made me run into a room, and holding the door shut manually until my persuer gave up.The game takes a really weird turn about an hour or so in, taking a turn from Comfortably tense, to really difficult.Trying to avoid as many spoilers as possible, There was a point where I had to get through a specific room, however, the enemy inside the room would spot me easily, despite where I tried to hide, so the only method of progress was to intentionally aggro this villain that could kill me in one hit, and lure him somewhere else before running through the room. This wouldn't be much of a problem if the enemy couldn't Teleport. I mean, literally one minute not there, the next about five feet from you.Other than that, the game is fantastic and was worth the some 5 years I've waited for it."
76561198156102457,Recommended,282140,32154552,Posted: 3 June,all,Dr. Amaral,This game...Right in the feels.
76561198123412837,Recommended,282140,18146109,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,python4161 4K,"I cant stop playing this game, its just so damn good with an interesting story. For the price, its a must buy."
,Recommended,282140,18152373,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Vikestart,"This game is fantastic. It feels like a return to the roots of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but in a modern sci-fi setting and with a richer story.One can definitely see the results of the increased budget for this game; the graphics are better, optimisation is good and the attention to details are amazing. All the little things you can find an interact with, crabs on the seafloor and whatnot. It all helps create an immersive experience.This game isn't just all cheap jumpscares, far from it, it's a very psychologically challenging game. The world around you feels alien and deserted. You feel alone.And even though there isn't a constant threat around you throughout the whole game, as it has its quiet sequences with puzzles and all that, it's a design that works pretty well for the game. I like that there are intermittent quiet sequences in the game where I can take the time to read all the notes, look at all the journals and pictures, and listen to the recordings. Some of the quiet sequences are a bit too long though and could do with some additional threats.Pros:+ Great story that has you on the edge all the way throughout the game.+ Very gritty and immersive atmosphere that makes the scarier parts of the game even more scary.+ No handholding. There are nice puzzles and don't expect big signs to always point you in the right direction.+ Decent graphics and believable world.Cons:- The voice acting is a tad bland... I suppose. I might be intentional considering the nature of the people in the game, but some lines sounded quite bad.- The game could do with a slightly more persistent threat. Some of the quiet sequences are too long."
,Recommended,282140,24211964,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Hu$tl3r,AWESOME adventure with great storyline. A lot of stuff to interact.
,Recommended,282140,18165317,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Legion,"The monsters are more annoying than scary, the main character is dumb as a brick and a hypocrite but the psychological horror and the story were worth it.Pros:- Rich story- Good atmosphere- Good sound- A decent amount of feels for the side characters you meetCons:- Gameplay: monster behaviour barely makes any sense and trying to figure out what to do with them is really annoying sometimes- The main character- Screen effects after you die T_T"
,Recommended,282140,18165267,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Not_Kelgan,A damn good game with an amazing story. Loved every minute of it!
,Recommended,282140,18248113,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Waseland,Last good horror game I played was Outlast.I welcome SOMA to the club of good horror games.Can't wait for what people do with the custom stories! <3
,Recommended,282140,33410890,Posted: 9 July,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"*_* Consciousness Transference, Existential Ethics and the Technological Singularity: A beginners guide for Twitch Streamers and people who liked Amnesia *_*"
,Recommended,282140,18230311,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,»Dot«,Very interesting questions reguarding our own humanity.An astounding atmosphere to keep you on edge.Robot/10 Would Dive Again
,Recommended,282140,26399297,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Uncle Jack Hughes,"Highly recommended. Great story, visuals, and mechanics."
76561197987816557,Recommended,282140,28580855,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Berry[LinuxMint],"Pretty looking walking simulation, with nice consepts.You are under a threat  like 4 times or so, but even so this IS WAY BETTER than the ""pig"" walking horror simulator. You know the game."
76561198079637084,Recommended,282140,26393375,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Plexissi,If adore good stories that you can't stop thinking about long after their conclusion. If you are one the edge on whether or not you should buy this game. Do yourself a favor and buy it now.  I can honestly say this game will not disappoint. This is truly one of the few 10/10 games I have played.
76561198018845059,Recommended,282140,23015480,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Grimbane,"Just finished my play through of SOMA and I have to say I had a fantastic experience. Great story, gameplay, and characters! If you like Amnesia and Penumbra you are really going to enjoy this!"
76561198078568096,Recommended,282140,35464760,Posted: 3 October,all,Pro,"I normally dont waste time writing reviews, but this game is a masterpiece"
76561198000524966,Not Recommended,282140,26123698,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Carlos Ramon,"I went underwater looking for adventure, but came out all wet.Honestly though, it's a game with a whole lot of promise, some heady themes and a neat world, but the dev team haven't come up with any new ideas for gameplay mechanics in over a decade, and I'm a bit exhausted of walking around and getting spooked by spooky scary skeletons and hiding in a corner until they go and spook something else.There's even moments where it seems you can use the environment to trap an enemy, and areas that seem purpose-built for exactly that, to leave them in a corner while you solve the next puzzle, but the game says ""nah, ♥♥♥♥ that"" and lets them out to continue being an annoyance, which is really all that they are at this point. There's no menace to them, they've become a dull contrivance to horror tropes and the idea of physical harm and conflict, giving the player something else to fuss about while they're trying to interact with a pretty world that doesn't have much to do in it.I guess that explains Simon's audible mild vexation at the thought of prowling through a monster-infested post apocalyptic underwater city, rather than abject terror and lingering existential horror. Seriously, he might as well be saying ""Aww, gosh darn it all to heck, more twisted mockeries of humanity? Oh well, here we go again"" every time he talks about themI really wish there was a middle ground for this review system, the game's got a lot going for it, and I REALLY wanted to love it, but it's got too many problems to ignore."
,Recommended,282140,18150903,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Stringer Bell on a 40 Degree Day,"The story involves Canadians, now if that isn't the very epitome of horror then I don't know what is.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=523016937"
76561197995040938,Recommended,282140,18148368,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Satanic I Swede #Clumsy,I don't have to go to the bathroom anymore.
,Recommended,282140,18149210,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,bAcKTuRTLe,"All right.I played it and so far it's OK.Graphics are 10Athmosphere 4-5 since it doesn't feel so scary (That's just how I feel it)And the directions are 2 (You don't get like help, have a book or something that tells you WHAT to do.)It's a little bit more scary now and hopefully it will stay so!I would still buy it since I loved Amnesia..If the reviews had a button which ""Do you recommend this game?"" I would pick both No And Yes.But I will recommend this game. It's pretty and it has alot of clues."
,Recommended,282140,18146259,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,rune,"This game was worth preordering. Thank you, frictional!Now, excuse me while I question my life."
,Recommended,282140,18149637,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,HEVIS,"After ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants and being totally mind ♥♥♥♥ed, I give it 10/10 GOTY for me easy."
,Recommended,282140,18151870,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ChibiButo,Better that A Machine for Pigs.
76561198174185637,Recommended,282140,18145933,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Shany,"10/10 so far.Its really amazing, graphics and sounds are excellent, monsters dont look scary but theyre damn scary anyway. Story is very interesting. if you loved amnesia game style you will love this game even more. Frictional Games once again extraordinary <3"
,Recommended,282140,18146720,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,drakky,Eggcellent single player game. A must have. 9/10 (-1 point off due to minor performance issues)
76561197987316974,Recommended,282140,18150555,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Minnie,this is a benchmark for athmosphere and storytelling so far.
,Recommended,282140,18156871,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,AnArcade,"This game is beautiful. I have only played a small amount but I am already amazed, the atmosphere alone has had me grinding my teeth with fear (doesn't help that I'm a wimp). This shows that frictional knows what they're doing with horror in any situation.Check out my gameplay here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfyGq4rfwPk"
,Recommended,282140,18557572,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Signalize,It is more of a walking simulator rather than horror survival like old amnesia games.Story is so good that it redeems everything bad within the game.If you like science fiction play thing gameIf you are looking for something that will make you think play this gameIf you are sick of games that resembles one another ignore them all and play this gamePlay this f'ing game.
,Recommended,282140,18152824,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Theseventh,"tl;dr Fun game, but buy it when it will go on sale. Or wait a few months for people to make stuf with the dev kit to get more bang for your initial buck.Walking simulator. What did you expect? Not saying it's a bad one though. I certainly enjoyed it far more then amnesia. I vote it game with best protaganist this year though. It's not one of those games where character bumbles around the obvious plot point hours after the player has figured it out. About a scene or so after you as the player have fairly concrete proof of the twist, your character picks up on it too. And honestly he rolls with the punches really well."
76561198237103390,Recommended,282140,18156682,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Lossity,Finally it's out and it's impressive! From the Creators of Amnesia named Frictional Games. They put real effort in developing SOMA and it's really qualtitative. An independent survival horror game as it's best where gameplay reminds Amnesia Dark Descent!If anybody wants to see some commentary gameplay you can check this out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0nwLzd2-rM
76561198117570735,Recommended,282140,18151966,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Reza Nabavi,I'm glad I didn't do acid before playing this game.10/10 would not do acid again.
,Recommended,282140,18158205,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,[TEA]grizzlyhoges,best game of the year (not including GTA V)
76561198090134395,Recommended,282140,18161883,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Abarat,"First. They should have picked a different ♥♥♥♥ing name. I'll explain in a second.Second. They need to have some type of guidance system. Don't get me wrong. Figuring out for yourself is fine and dandy except when the game just ♥♥♥♥in drops you in a spot with no explaination of what it is you are looking for other than an AI voice saying it to you ONCE, While the game is constantly making extreme banging noises that are enough to blow out your ♥♥♥♥in ear drums if you use a headset.Third. The ""monsters"" in this game ruin this game. I Would have enjoyed this game 1000x more if there wasn't a single ""monster"" in it. Their AI is awful. just straight awful. What is supposed to be, Throw this object over there so they chase after the noise is actually. You throw object. they do nothing. you throw another object. they still do nothing. You take 1 ♥♥♥♥in step while crouched. They come sprinting in your direction. Literally it is extremely ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating. I sat in a corner♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my ♥♥♥♥ing mind because I went to ""hide"" behind this bookshelf thing while the monster was looking for me. Of course the monster never gives up and just slowly creeps closer and closer until it finds me. Okay fine w/e wasnt the best spot ya got me..... Except the ""respawn"" system in this game (when you arn't full on dying) is We're going to put the monster roughly 5 ♥♥♥♥ing feet away from you and we're going to leave you in the exact same spot. It's dumb. Im still behind the same said bookshelf and the monster is standing in the doorway to the room again. I literallly just said ♥♥♥♥ it and got up and died because I'd rather just get the checkpoint. The monsters are awful. just dumb awful worst ai ever.... I want to say so much more but I feel like 96% of you have already stopped reading.Fourth. (back to my first reference) the game has literally zero guide to it. and when trying to google anything about this game. such as ""Soma Robot cortex chip"" or Soma *(Insert ♥♥♥♥ing anything)* You don't get this ♥♥♥♥ing game. You get 100 different other things that are not this game. ♥♥♥♥ beating this game was frustrating as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198000024622,Recommended,282140,18160083,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Syine,Nope.Just No.
,Recommended,282140,18148352,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,AvA,"Not a very scary game, But quite a good story and atmosphere.If you liked Alien: Isolation. You will like this. Worth it for only 27 bucks."
76561198090956036,Recommended,282140,19294303,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Fabmaster2000,"My ""GAME OF THE YEAR"" 2015"
76561198016025345,Recommended,282140,30534205,Posted: 15 March,all,Ketchup,"This game is cool but here are some bad things :- The horror part is sh*t : I mean,monsters are ugly but it's more annoying than ""creepy"" to avoid them and stuff like that...- Buy it in sale because I finished it in less than 10hours and 30$ for this is a little bit expensive"
76561197999602910,Recommended,282140,18267150,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Rostburken,As expected - another horror masterpiece from Frictional Games.
,Not Recommended,282140,34872552,Posted: 10 September,all,Impretzive,"This game is too easy to get lost in, espscially in the underwater levels with no way to tell what is level. The contrast is horrible have fun you guys who like survival horrors without the enemy, but rather a search for the next point game.  bleh... I've been so lost I wouldnt even say it's linear.  There in nothing keeping you from going in the wrong direction."
,Recommended,282140,18541376,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,metricdinosaur,gg water demons gg7/10
,Recommended,282140,19208205,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Uglazgrin,"An hour in, and I am confused as hell. 10 hours in and I'm questioning my own existance and the meaning of life and why I wore pants instead of sitting on a bucket since I'd be changing them so often. Never have I experienced a game that had me so invested in the characters and reaching the conclusion. Worth every single penny and I have recommended this to everyone i know. 10/10"
76561197970695975,Recommended,282140,18210752,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Danny_G13,"I'm going to keep this short and sweet and I've not yet finished the game so will revisit this if things change.SOMA is a great game but it has its limits and some poor design choices. For the majority of the game it's an intruiging philosophical endeavour questioning existence and humanity, but unfortunately it rather shows its cards too quickly then loses its way.There's an initial premise here which goes beyond intriguing, and in truth the 'resolution' (which is given in a throwaway piece of dialogue) is clever and makes sense - but the problem is it's given far too quickly and leaves the game feeling slightly lost.The premise is completely wasted in this game with a bad plotting pace - storywise the game is superb, but the choice to 'reveal' the truth so quickly into the game makes for a mild anti-climax.My other major design issue with SOMA is with the Slenderman rubbish. Sorry, all that style of running away from the monster garbage has been redone time and time again, and to resort to such an unoriginal style (which totally ruins a section or two in the game) really detracts. It's as if the reveal happened too early, Astronauts realised it, but rather than redesign the game's structure they elected to add running away from monster section.It's boring, infuriating, and utterly contrived.I know this review sounds like I'm slaughtering the game and hate it - far from it, this is an excellent game from a well-respected developer. I'm just frustrated by some of the choices they made which reduce this from being an absolute zenith game we'll remember for years to 'a very good game which is let down by bad decisions'.EDIT: having now completed the game it most certainly picked up. The choices remain questionable and there was definitely a frustrating lull in quality and originality in the middle, and that plot choice wasn't well-advised, but this is a stellar game and one of the best of the year."
76561198008456453,Recommended,282140,18208273,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kris,"roses are redviolets are bluemonsters are scaryatmosphere is scarydoors and windows are scaryfishes scarymicrowaves scary, and pretty sure if there were roses and violets they'd be scary tooeverything is ♥♥♥♥ing scary♥♥♥♥ this"
76561198126969804,Recommended,282140,18156325,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,✪ V.I.P,"A really good game with a multiple enemies to be afarid from, Robots can act like humans 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18167884,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,DasWunderKind,"Its important to note that anyone expecting a penumbra/amnesia game will be very disappointed.This is a fantastic game with outstanding sound design and a fantastic story that left me thinking about myself.The things that bothred thou where the monsters because they ended annoying me more than anything close to the end of the game, also some loadtimes and 3 game crashes.But in the end I did get scared like 5 times during my playtime and I had sweaty palms playing it.You do get faced to make choices but the don't change the ending they are there more to make you question your moralty.I loved this game the characters and the ending the pacing the graphics the mistery...I did like it more than amnesia and penumbra but I believe that some of the monsters are just annoying in a bad way and not in a tense scary way.Overall 8/10Achievement Difficulty: 1/10 Just complete the game."
,Recommended,282140,18159534,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,TelekiNess,"Here a philosophical conundrum:You have a car. If you replace all the parts of the car over a year, is it the same car? What if you then assembled a car using all the old parts? Which is the original car? Similarly, your body replaces every cell within a few years. Are you still you? Would you consider yourself reborn many times throughout your life?Now what if you take this idea with teleportation: your body is disintegrated and sent as data to be reconstructed elsewhere--using different atoms. Your body, including your brain, would then be reconstructed perfectly, exactly how they were. Would that still be you?And since you existed as data, you could have been copied... If the other end of the teleporter reconstructed two of you perfectly...which of you is the real one? How could you possibly know? What even happens to your mind?---SOMA goes beyond the typical styles of horror; it enters the dangerous and mystifying grounds of existential proportions. It's a great ride, and you will come out as a new you."
,Recommended,282140,18162453,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,:'(,SOMA >= P: Black Plague > P: Overture > A: Dark Descent > A: Pigs > P: ReqiuemFrictional please start supporting VR headsets like Oculus Rift.
,Recommended,282140,18165280,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,относительность,"Great game! Had me on the edge of my seat the whole playthrough! not to mention the story, the story had me hooked throughout the game, amazing definitely a 10/10 in my book."
,Recommended,282140,18158685,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,NinjasWithCandy | Twitch,"Just beat the game, took me 7 hours to complete. I love this game, has an awesome story, and great atmosphere. The only cons I could say is that the voice acting can be subpar at some points in the story, and the game can freeze at times. But Overall it's a good horror game."
,Recommended,282140,18159608,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Fuor20,♥♥♥♥ this game is heavy.
,Recommended,282140,18704361,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ijflxn,"flying pigs 10/10.na jk XDBUTThis game is truly amazing and will keep you up at night, so you fail your math quarterly, so you should buy it or else the monster will come for you..."
76561197987888190,Recommended,282140,18153230,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,&infin Monkeys,"EDIT: I have now completed the game and would like to revise my review a bit--no spoilers.  Leaving the original below the cut.SOMA is definitely a horror game, but SOMA is not a horror game in what has become the conventional sense.  It's not so much about being scared as about examining the nature of both dread and hope and how they interact within the human psyche. I'm still very satisfied with the game. Frictional has done two things with this title:  they've produced an intellectual, existensial horror story and they've produced a bathypelagic, sci-fi horror story. Both of these are sufficiently rarely done well as to be of note. They have also done some brilliant design work, visually, certainly, but especially in the audio area.  The sound in this game will give you involuntary chills and raise the hair on your neck.I can't promise you'll like this game, or that it will scare you.  Frankly, it rarely wound up really scaring me.  What it will do instead, if you let it, is push you into an uncomfortable emotional space where your own existensial crisis becomes more real to you and make you wonder about whether or not there is any meaning to hope.  It puts on offer a place of dread and a taste of hope to heighten it.  If that appeals to you, carry on.--cut--TL;DR - Terrifying, beautiful horror game, not recommended for those with short attention spans. Play in dark with headphones at own risk.I've played about 8hrs of SOMA at this point and while I haven't finished the game yet, I feel like I can review it fairly accurately.  If you've played the games in the Amnesia or Penumbra series, you have a pretty good idea what it is you're getting into here. If you haven't, fair warning, everything you learned playing FPS games is pretty much working directly against you here. Unlearn it and enjoy.Frictional have taken their horror formula and updated their engine and their setting for SOMA.  This is creepypasta science fiction (with a weird, Lovecraftian touch that feels like it's going on sub rosa the whole time). The game looks amazing and the sound design is good enough that people should probably study it to learn how to create suspense out of thin air with nothing but music and ambient sound. The game runs smoothly (I have hit a couple of segfaults, but such is the price I pay for playing a LInux game the day it's released) and the controls are sufficiently intuitive that your choice of mouse and keyboard or controller is pretty much irrelevant.Other reviewers have criticized this game as being less scary than Amnesia.  I would actually posit that SOMA is scarier than Amnesia, but takes longer to build up the scare.  The early parts of the game are not particularly frightening, merely unsettling--and that's a key to good horror. The unsettling, constant shifting of the state of the world, the gradual decay of your initially fairly clear ideas about who you are and what is going on serve to set up the player for the payoff beautifully. By the time I quit playing I had actually had to make myself unclench my jaw and rub down the goosebumps on my arms.  This game has absolutely terrifying underpinnings and is willing to take the time and do the hard work necessary to deliver that terror to the player in full measure. This is not Doom. There are no jump scares here. There is Horror, and that is something very different."
,Recommended,282140,18153571,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Curly Spencil,"I enjoyed Soma greatly, mostly for its very engaging story and attention to detail.  I don't find it nearly as terrifying as Amnesia but it still has its moments.  Much like The Talos Principle, the philosophical concepts are what really draw me in.  Never have I experienced such an emotionally conflicting, thought provoking ending such as Soma's.  This is an experience I won't soon forget."
,Recommended,282140,18189003,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,/dev/isivisi,8/8 did fist.
76561198042920112,Recommended,282140,26299817,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,whomppers,190/10
76561198010599039,Recommended,282140,18458032,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Anal Elvis,Brilliant.
,Recommended,282140,18473102,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,★ᚺᛁᚷᛖ | PUBGUpgrader.gg,"This game exposes the deepest most sick corners of the human brain in a very 'Ghost in the Shell' style.. In a good way - It shows what the human race truly are and how far it's prepared to go, literally survival of the fittest. This, for me is a dream come true. I truly wish this would have happened during the apocalypse. It's completely disturbing and completely logial.The ending was just a killer in this game, how Simon realized shock one to the very core.""The only way out is something unimaginable"", and inhuman.10/10 - must buy."
,Recommended,282140,24265761,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Blackadder,"Excellent game, if you loved penumbra/amnesia you will love this too"
76561198057909156,Recommended,282140,18563065,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Waldo,Fisting Simulator 20159/10 IGN(I prefer barnacles as just freinds)
76561197984318042,Recommended,282140,18304254,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Matte,!
,Recommended,282140,18181132,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Killerhab,Dude this game is SICK. I am glad the makers made it so good wow. I am blown away!
76561198130872726,Recommended,282140,21560105,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Obscene,I don`t wanna go there Mrs Torrence.
,Recommended,282140,18182278,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,FrankenPC,"Have not completed it yet.  Doesn't matter.  Every minute of that game is completely fantastic.  I've never seen any developer spend so much time with ""clutter"" before.  The sets are astounding in the level of detail and atmosphere.  What artistry.  If you are a big fan of game design, then you must play this.  If you are also a fan of philosophical games like Talos Principle, then you will also love this.SOME SPOILERS!I was a little disappointed that there was no way to fight back against SOME of the monsters.   I tried things like throwing heavy objects at them which does nothing.  I tried throwing objects as noise makers to make them move in a particular direction and the seemed to work.  There is one mob that is insane and I can see why there is no way to fight it.  You just have to outsmart it.  Once you play, you'll know exactly which one I'm talking about.  I came to the realization that the mobs are not really mobs but moving puzzles.   You just have to figure it out.  My advice to anyone who is getting frustrated is to do exit and saves as you make any progress.  Also, sometimes, it's best just to go bonkers and RUN.  I've made it past some of the worst mobs by simply hauling butt."
,Recommended,282140,20339542,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,talon |,"SOMA is another great psychological thriller from the Amnesia and Penumbra creators. The length of the game is actually surprisingly longer than expected and gives the player a sense of unnerving gloom as you make your way through the atmospheric yet beautiful work of art. To be honest, it was absolutely scary at times, but the most fulfilling moments come from figuring out the many puzzles while at the same time trying to survive the abominations stalking your every move and sound.Worth the buy, the story is captivating and actually makes you wonder..."
,Recommended,282140,18181475,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,lol,Found a Wall glitch1. When i was crouching backwards behind a wall in theta laboratory i went through a wallSoultion: quit < do not save and quit
,Recommended,282140,18163905,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,NineOverZero,Loved it completed it in one sitting and thats rare for me.
,Recommended,282140,18164897,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,gullwing,SOMA is an emotional experience that I would recommend to anyone.
76561197989832921,Recommended,282140,18164037,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SockerSteffe,An amazing adventure of horror and story.
76561197961554752,Recommended,282140,18165076,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,peeka,"Amazing, This is a great science fiction game. I would recommend disabling the effects though."
,Recommended,282140,18217543,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Maverick,"With its unique game story Soma throwing you in deep Atlantic water for last battle for saving human kind or at least the memories from them with the help of you self being a robot. Everything is executed so well, looks gorgeous and it is one of my most immersive experience in a game.10/10 Would be a Robot again!"
76561197992806292,Recommended,282140,18213003,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Batlad,"Equal parts beautiful, haunting and horrifying. This game offers one of the best explorations of what it means to be human and what it means to survive from any medium. A must play for anyone that enjoys being challenged intellectually or philosophically."
76561198086201682,Recommended,282140,18214379,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Celseeth,"This game has something more to it than any simple tag or review could attach.  It provides an atmosphere that is almost safe in nature (meaning its kind of hard to die) while at the same time it makes you grip your controller in fear for your life.  They mastered the ballance between the repeatitive nature of horror games where you die and restart, then die again and restart, and finally you master the pathing of the enemy and continue on ward.  They found the balance of making it seem like a desperate attempt of survival while not destroying the horrific atmosphere.  Because of this continous sequence of horrific events you will never feel like you are beating a game, rather you are surviving the atmosphere.  It's movie like, and because of that this is the first game I have ever played where you can feel horrified and continue on feeling like every fight was a ""close one"".The story behind this game cannot go without notice either.  It revolves around an idea that has been hinted at before. but never truly exposed and explored in such a manner that it will make you horrified and interested at the same time.  It brings to the table a new philosophical debate as to what is life, and what does it mean to be.  Without going into spoilers and what not, there are parts in this game that will simply make you shiver not from the hyper-active monsters but from the circumstances and choices your character will be put through.So for me, this game was exactly what I was looking for.  A fun weekend game, with a lot of atmosphere, some horror, and a mystery mixed with thoery that will keep me thinking for a very long time.  This game is worth the money, and more.  I can't wait to see what Frictional Games will come out with next."
,Recommended,282140,32926432,Posted: 28 June,all,commissaire Juve,I bought SOMA because Frictional Games do right things.
76561197967112497,Recommended,282140,18737448,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Blaedmon,"Rich original story, atmospheric level design, full-bodied sound effects and as scarey as a Jehovah - SOMA is very worth the cash if you're into this type of game. Uber recommended."
,Recommended,282140,18402855,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Adam01,"Was not expecting the story this game brilliantly delivered, leading you through tense survival, and then rinsing your feels towards the end."
76561198026393308,Recommended,282140,18221183,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,TripleR3D,It's a great game that really makes you think.
76561198049559450,Recommended,282140,20458139,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fabulous Freckles,"Have you ever felt...empty inside after finishing a game? Yeah, Soma's one of those. A beautifully crafted exercise in masochism and philisophical despair. Highly recommended."
76561198006633036,Recommended,282140,26835319,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Whiterun Guard,"aww yiss, like Amnesia but you know, robot like and underwater"
76561197971592814,Recommended,282140,26826851,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ajdflkjf,Engaging story.  Gameplay can get a little repetitive.
,Recommended,282140,26836463,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lapito,Best mindblowing game I've ever played!
76561198005445918,Recommended,282140,26296717,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NecroLyte UDL,The boys/girls at Frictional Games did it again with another horror masterpiece. 10/10
76561197988423759,Recommended,282140,30249112,Posted: 28 February,all,Replicant,@_@
76561198044857553,Recommended,282140,24731768,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Nalarion,"pretty good game story wise. Puzzels are somewhat challanging without being overly frustrating. The biggest problem I had with the game was thatit took forever for monsters to leave and go back on their pathing route. The first few times its fine and its really good and building suspense. After that its just kinda annoying and its not scary at all, just tedious. I also have a huge issue that the choice in the game dont affect anything aside minor dialog in the game. You get really significant choices that have zero impact and it just feels wrong. Why even have the choice in the first place if we are supposed to decide for ourselves?Anyways, dont get me wrong its still a worthwhile game. Those are my biggest complaints but there are far more things that the game has going for it. Dont wanna spoil too much, but you really have to take your time and think about whats going on. Take time to really ask yourself uncomfortable philosophical questions."
,Recommended,282140,20192664,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mr.Arby,"SOMA... another one of Frictional Games works of art, this game had my heart pounding, hand shakeing and had me at the edge of my seat. Slightly depressing but very insightful, just beat the game last night, it took me 12 hours to beat it, I didn’t rush to the end or read every single scrap of paper, I did immerse myself in the games story though. its like amnesia but different, just as good, same mechanics, completely different story and tons of Monsters with different traits. Dat atmospheric environment though.... puzzles are good and you don’t often find yourself wondering where to go, as long as you pay attention. wouldn’t mind seeing this turned into a movie...this movie will have you asking questions about what exactly makes us ,us  Would pay $30 dollars for this game knowing what I know now.. Would pay more if it had replay value.... since its mod friendly, I think the replay value would increase after a few mods...I dont write reviews often, but when I do I really liked the game."
,Recommended,282140,18728395,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,KimDG,One of the best games I played. The hold game give so much meaning at the end of the game and after credits. It give alot of understanding for computer science and artificial intelligence in practical.One of the first game toke thoughts in my head after the game to the real world.
,Recommended,282140,18730390,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,F Jet,"I'm a huge fan of survival/horror games. I loved Amnesia, and was really looking forward to this game.It met all my expectations. It was written, directed, and acted flawlessly.  It's not terribly scary, which is fine, but if you're looking for something to scare the crap out of you, this won't do it.One of my only gripes is the easy ""puzzles"". They weren't as engaging as Amnesia, and I felt like a little more time could have been spent on them.However, this game will still go down as one of my all time favorites."
,Recommended,282140,18732989,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Punt Speedchunk,After such a long wait....Amnesia does it again!
76561198080437451,Recommended,282140,18733193,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,andrej.chudoba,"SOMA has everything I love about playing games - the atmosphere, engaging gameplay mechanics and one hell of a story. Man, what a game."
,Recommended,282140,18738729,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Chongo,"I'v been a fan of frictional games and all theyve made, even so, Soma stands tall above all their other games.Soma reaches something that other games rarely do, it asks what it means to be human in ways that may make you uncomfortable on an existencial level.Beyond it's scares Soma is able to make you feel some emotional disconnect that creates a full world unlike they have before at Frictional games.Maybe it won't be a $30 experience for you, but it sure as heck was for me."
,Recommended,282140,29569680,Posted: 29 January,all,Galluxi,Definetely one of the best horror games I've ever played. The game has a very interesting and good story. The gameplay side is not the best but the story makes the game really good overall.
76561197963135491,Recommended,282140,18651058,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,GrimmGames,"Great game, if a bit short."
,Recommended,282140,18542467,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Steve French,First game to make me question my existence. Reallylegit 11/10.
76561198097703928,Recommended,282140,18195634,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,rockstarpunched0007,"WOW! What a game. Frictional games did an amazing job with this game.PROS:1. Graphics are sharp and clear.2. I love the futuristic look and detail of every single item, down to the last toothbrush you can pick up.3. The story was certainly interesting to play through but not as immersive as Amnesia the dark descent. (I just feel like I wasn't being pulled into the game like with amnesia.)CONS:1. Not quite as scary as I anticipated it to be, but I still jumped at a couple parts.2. The game did freeze a couple times for me but I am 90% sure it was my processor and not the game. (even if it was the game Im sure they will release an update to fix the issue)3. The game is a little too easy for my taste to figure out. For example there weren't many times that I had to search for a different way to open a door, it was often very easy to figure out. Some of the enemies I felt were too easy to sneak past which toned down the horror effect a little.Overall: This game made for a great experience to play. I reccomend taking your time when you go through this for the first time. Pay attention to detail and take in the scenery. I would rate this game 9/10."
,Recommended,282140,21652356,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rain_Simulator,"Yet another superb (or horrifying) Horror from Frictional GamesI would rate it a 9/10 , definitely worth the price tag.It takes a certain talent to pull off proper horror games, but the guys at Frictional Games know their stuff.After just an hour or so of gameplay, you can tell the game developers heavily draw from their experience with Amnesia. Most noticeably, the game periodically switches between intense horror and slow-paced puzzle solving, which makes for a very polished build-up between scares. The game isn't as scary as Amnesia when in comes down to the number times you have to stop and simply breathe, but it's a much better game in the sense of its immersive story and interesting characters fitted with modern graphics from Frictional's new HPL Engine 3.A common flaw in most horror games is to put the player in the ""dangerzone"" for too long, ironically however, the opposite also is also true. SOMA has an excellent balance between hiding from monsters, being chased by monsters, and last but not least,the anticipationof meeting the monster.When it comes to the scares themselves, the guys at Frictional must have the best (or worst) Halloween partys. This is proper horror scares, not a simple collection of jump scares and a chase scene at the end. The scares build up very nicely, they have great pacing, they last long enough for the player to really feel the monster breathe down their necks, but short enough for the gameplay not to seem repetitive and overdone.On the atmosphere side of the game, the developers have really done their homework. The sounds are on point, the visuals are beautiful, it really feels like you are left alone at the bottom of the ocean (except you're not alone).The story is also much more indulging than the previous titles' stories, the characters seem much more real than for instance Daniel from The Dark Descent does, in the same way the environment also seems a lot more polished for both the background story and the story you play.Overall, the game is a major win for Frictional Games, if you are a fan of great horror games, find your wallet, because this is one for the books.I would rate it a 9/10 , definitely worth the price tag.(Why not 10/10 ? well because 10/10 should be more or less Fuc*ing perfect shouldn't it?)"
,Recommended,282140,21656560,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Roman Princ,That was amazing.
,Recommended,282140,21657208,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Watcher,Its absolutely amazing! You should play it if you haven't already.
,Recommended,282140,21659874,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Moms Chiken,"I'm blown away--------------------------------This, by far, to me is one of the best games in terms of aesthetics and storyline. To me it was so compelling to not know what's going on but when you figure it out it just confuses you in a way that just makes it seem so good. Some of the enemies were♥♥♥♥♥♥in terms of how to get past them but literally the 3 or 4 that there are don't really ruin the gameplay.The storyline is truly unique!You start out livivng a normal life then it turns into a♥♥♥♥♥♥show as you inhabit another body and go on to finish what wasn't completed. Being umanities last hope kinda made me feel like a hero or something.The game has such a great atmosphere too. Imagine Bioshock making babies with Alien:Isolation and Amnesia in a very rough and bloody sex marathon that lasted several hours and out came this.This game, to me, is an absolutely great game and I recommend it to the fullest extent if you're into the whole defenseless horror hide and seek ype stuff.10/10"
76561198040240818,Recommended,282140,20346933,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Warbyte,discovered new emotions 10/10
,Recommended,282140,20363281,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,sean,"My expectations for this game were very low. I picked it up during the most recent Winter Sale, and was orginally planning on returning it. Luckily, I gave it a try and WOW. If you loved Amnesia, you will enjoy SOMA much much more. The environment and atmosphere is bar non. As long as you allow yourself to be fully immersed (and you wear decent headphones) the game will ♥♥♥♥ with your head. My only gripe with this game is the monsters. I feel like the monsters fail to add anything pertinent to the story. Overall it's a solid 9.5/10 for me!"
,Recommended,282140,20364836,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,McStinge,♥♥♥♥ YOU AND YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING ENDINGS!? WHYY?
,Recommended,282140,20366525,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,IyoBean,"10/10.i just feel safe when plugging catherine chip into computer...this game is awesome, gonna wait another frictional games !!"
76561198044416860,Recommended,282140,20366703,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Señor Bob,"This game is positively amazing. It does psychological horror in the best way. There are plenty of traditional scares, but most of the horror comes from concepts that are terrifying themselves. It brings up so many interesting ideas, many of which I still think about long after beating it. The acting is wonderful, the writing is amazing, it looks fantastic, and the length is just right. There are a couple very minor issues like the occasional tough puzzle, but overall, it is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,282140,20367097,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Lil Ass Boi,"This game really makes you think. The storyline is creative and original, and the atmosphere is incredible. I found myself stumped by the puzzles fairly often, but it was usually because I overlooked an obvious note or hint. You are forced to experiment to figure it out. Oh, and you're experimenting while being hunted by die-borgs. This game will get your heart pumping and your gears grinding. If you like that, check it out."
,Recommended,282140,20319428,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BitLink,"I have never been so terrified of a game, yet so inexlicably drawn into a story. 11/10"
,Recommended,282140,20323191,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TyronR,"The story and atmosphere are great and well executed; after a rather standard-looking beginning, it starts to pull you in and builds up a lot of suspense. The gameplay itself (stealth, puzzles) ranges between okay to (at times) outright annoying. All in all a clear recommendation for this game though because of the cool science-fiction mindbending story with a hint of horror. The dialogue and overall story ist very well written, not cliched."
,Recommended,282140,20331392,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Valcutio,"My Game of the Year.That's right. In a year that saw Fallout 4 AND Witcher 3, I'm proud to announce that Soma, a game I didn't even know was a thing the day before purchasing, is my game of the year.I can't give the reasons Soma impressed me so much without ruining those things for others so let me say this: Soma is the first game in a very long time that hit me in the feels and gave me plenty to think about long after the credits rolled. The gameplay mechanics will be familiar with anybody who has played Amnesia (also an amazing experience).It's a survival first person adventure/horror game. You don't fight... you run. Or hide. You solve puzzles, you explore and you survive. The mechanics of the game serve as a shuttle for an amazing story that questions our very humanity. I want to say so much more but I won't. What I will say is this: If you can forge the courage to adventure in this Bioshockesque world then I encourage you to do so. Face your fears and you will walk away with one of the most gripping gaming experiences imaginable.Long story short: Soma. Valcutio's Game of the Year."
,Recommended,282140,20315688,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,CSAdams7491,Amazing! 9/10
,Recommended,282140,20603081,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anon Ymous,I like it.
,Recommended,282140,24658351,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DeepFried,"Soma is like a mashup of bioshock, system shock 2 (clear influence here), and amnesia with a strong existential philosophical theme and most of the action and RPG elements stripped out.  Its essentially a minimal interaction adventure game, with a potent atmosphere, and an interesting story which asks a lot of questions. It also has a veneer of Frictional's hallmark horror mechanics, basically hide/run from the monster, but this feels like its not a central aspect of the game, they could easily have made Soma as scary as the dark decent but clearly chose not to.  On the whole its a short (8hrs) but worthwhile experience, that you probably wont go back to; its not a masterpiece like the dark decent but its not a failure either."
,Recommended,282140,24858615,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TheGloriousWhale,AMOSThat's SOMA spelled backwards.
76561198088660521,Recommended,282140,24285185,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,FizzyPayton,"When I purchased this game on the steam summer sale, my expectations were not high, I was in the mood for a good horror game & knowing the acclaim Frictional's previous games had received, I knew this would be a safe choice compared to most other horror games on the market, also it seemed far more interesting & better than generic ""jumpscare"" horror such as FNAF. I had read that some did not think this game was scary, and it gave me some concerns I would be disappointed, I purchased it anyway. Within the first couple of hours of the game, I realized that I was worried for nothing, this game was TERRIFYING, it is not scary in the same way people would consider FNAF scary, it heavily relies on the general atmosphere of PATHOS-II(The game's main setting) & themes to not only scare you, but to also make you think. Soma was both a terrifying and wonderful gaming experience. It was the most I had enjoyed horror in many years. SOMA is not only an amazing achievement in the horror genre, but also an achievement in gaming as well. Frictional Games should be appluaded for creating this masterpiece! I honestly thought this game was superior to Naughty Dog's The Last of Us, it was that good. There is not much else to be said other than SOMA is one of the greatest games ever made, SOMA was the most I enjoyed gaming in a VERY long time, I strongly suggest you buy this game if you are even slightly interested, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,282140,18284509,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Necrosexual,Delicious
,Recommended,282140,18245313,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Honey Boo Boo,"I didn't like Amnesia or any other game from Frictional but this one I completed almost in one go.It's philosophically pretentious just like The Talos Principle, and only a true retard will find any kind of revelation from playing this game - but it's still a decent story that makes you want to progress. The actual ending is very cheesy, but the last part of the game leading up to the end is completely top class. Running in terror on the bottom of the sea had an incredible feel to it. Jaw dropped multiple times. Visuals and sound are incredible at times, especially under water.It's maybe not the scariest game I've played but it certainly has its moments. Monsters are not reused like in Amnesia and they have different properties. One particular monster is really frustrating though since you are not allowed to look at it, making you feel completely out of control. Other monsters give you more control which is a lot more satisfying. I especially enjoyed playing with the blind monster that uses hearing to locate you.You can tell it's indie because they put all kinds of private photos, items and drawings in the game and some voice actors are reused for multiple characters. They are a lot closer to triple-A status with SOMA and some moments may even classify IMO."
76561198066278448,Recommended,282140,33210719,Posted: 3 July,all,ChrisKyeHugeFan,10/10 Made me question my own existence and what it means to be alive.
,Recommended,282140,27982491,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WoAyumi,"SOMA is the reason I believe in a brighter future of the gaming industry. The story is one of the best I've seen in my life, not just in games, but in books, or movies as well. The ending that will make you cry, and you would not be able to explain why. It just overwhelms you with emotions that you cannot understand, and cope with.Graphics: 7 DirectXes out of 10 VulkansSci-fi Story 100 Stephen Kings out of 8 Ridley ScottsMusic: 10 Mick Jaggers out of 2 Kayne WestsPuzzles: 3 Bermude Angles out of 1 Bermude TriangleAtmosphere: 1000Psi out of 1AtmOverall: >2115 years out of 1 Jesuses Birth"
,Recommended,282140,21306401,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dan†e,"Yes, this is an incredible game, beautiful looking graphicswith a horror elements and a psychological storythat will change your mind.For those who love P.K.D i c k :)"
,Recommended,282140,32995517,Posted: 29 June,all,✪ Tass,How did this appear in my library10/10 would get free games again
,Recommended,282140,33058390,Posted: 30 June,all,Natervader,All I felt like doing after finishing the game washugging myself
,Recommended,282140,25859848,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Dirk,"The story really sticks with you, like glue. Then it gets all over your hands. It solidifies and you then can peel the story off with an overwhelmingly satisfyingmove. It's so good."
76561198001583754,Recommended,282140,19361739,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,RUGGERO DeCEGLIE,"Most of all, story executed exceptionally"
,Recommended,282140,20342520,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Rydin,"A fantastic game! The game explores many subjects and themes, and it does it very well. It is very nuanced, and it is a game I very strongly encourage that people play. The ending was just amazing, very heartwrenching and it made me think a lot about the subject of what a human really is; how the mind works. The game deals with these themes extraordinarily well. I think you have to enjoy the story and the themes because the gameplay is a bit boring; the monster encounters are poorly made, and I  feel like they don't really work. If you enjoy a philosophical scare/story-focused game, with a lot of dialogue and walking around in a creepy underwater base, I think you'll love Soma, but if you are buying it for the scares and the gameplay, I think you will be quite dissapointed."
,Recommended,282140,32775716,Posted: 25 June,all,TheNoobyPro,"A truly Horrifying, mind-bending experience. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK. NO ♥♥♥♥♥S ALLOWED."
,Recommended,282140,33476784,Posted: 12 July,all,☯ W4R71G3R ☯,creepy often with the screaming of the robots and such not extremly scared but u get your scream moments :D and its good to play and simply worth the money :D there is something in the game that keep getting you interacted with it :)
76561198052417309,Recommended,282140,26052045,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,john.braeside,Quite linear but fun
,Recommended,282140,18518821,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Drakos,Soma is a great game and it probably one of the best games I have played. It's story is absolutley insanely good and it has a pretty large amount of gameplay for a horror game. Although it was a horror and is suppose to scare you they implemented the story extremely well and never at any point was I bored. It really gives you the feeling of being alone in a deserted land (ocean) with nothing but destroyed remains of buildings and terrifying monsters. While it can be scary at times its story is really what made the game.
,Recommended,282140,18474681,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Cpkaka,"Best game I have played in 2015.Buy, play  and enjoy!"
76561198008209728,Recommended,282140,18476771,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,_elohim_,wow!
76561197972110072,Recommended,282140,31225394,Posted: 18 April,all,Nobsteele,By far one of the best games i've ever played... certainly Frictional Games' Magnum Opus to date :-)
76561198007197608,Recommended,282140,32232064,Posted: 6 June,all,[S]almon,"SOMA isn’t so much a game as an interactive story, and I highly recommend it. Honestly, the gameplay elements almost take away from the game. The game is extremely linear, and while you’re supposed to escape from your enemies they occasionally camp you by standing right between you and the one way that you can get to your objective. The only reason this isn’t more of a problem is because the game is extremely forgiving in terms of deaths and heals - SOMA doesn't try to be challenging.Without ruining anything I’ll just say that SOMA is full of twists and turns and leaves you thinking far more than almost any other game I can think of. If you’re looking for a deep story and a compelling atmosphere this is one game you can’t afford to miss! SOMA is a short experience but the questions it raises will stay with you long after you finish the game."
,Recommended,282140,18498694,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Numb3red,"This is the best horror game I have ever played. The environmental storytelling, amazing sound design, interactive machinery and terminals, fairly impressive visuals and straight-up terror combine perfectly."
,Recommended,282140,18478426,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,theindustrialpark,"for those in need of a scary, existential crisis."
,Recommended,282140,20133463,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Neb,"Best horror i've played in a long time, and i was not expecting such a great story which kept me playing all the way to the end"
,Recommended,282140,26925685,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ItsClemi,pros:+ makes you think about lifecons:- makes you think about lifegreat experience 10/10
,Recommended,282140,19056672,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,revvyy,"This game is amazing just as their previous release.This game gave me so much feelings about humanity...Never felt so... deep inside the game so far...I will recommend this game to every people who wants to be scared and want to have a good plot.This game is amazing, Frictional games are the bests !"
,Recommended,282140,19046489,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,λuzEll,"All I can say about this game is:I have never been so scared AND addicted to ANY game in my life!!Okay. Maybe a bit more.The Story is finominal.The gameplay is good.The Environment is beautiful and horrific at the same time.The satisfactory amount of enemies are walking, soulless, differently and beautifully designed, horror masterpieces!The soundtrack is legendary!The chasing theme for the enemies makes your heart want to leave your chest! (not literally)The games effects when looking at or interacting with something feel like futuristic amnesiaThe AI... may need a bit of work onAnd once played through the full 10-12 hours of the game.. All you can do is clap.Definately worth the $30!WELL DONE FRICTIONAL!"
,Recommended,282140,19204020,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ElevenMink3,"6.5/10I find this game exciting at first, but then it gets boring, then terrifying, then boring again. I find the game to take longer to get to the good parts and the pay-off isn't worth it. There are some parts that ARE REALLY worth the boringness, and some stocking stuffers in between, too, but overall I still think that Amnesia was much better. SOMA wins when it comes to graphics, but DAMN does it lag, though I DO have an old Toshiba. Also, since it lagged I started to watch Markiplier play it, and I got bored even watching HIM play. BUUUUT I haven't finished watching nor playing so I am simply reviewing how much I've played. I would suggest playing this, it just doesn't PARTICULARLY appeal to me. Get this game on sale, like I did.So 6.5/10 wud ponder life's philosophies agin"
,Recommended,282140,20962180,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,talloncusack,I WANT A SEQUEL!
,Recommended,282140,23692331,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,demetrius84,"This game teaches us that sometimes you need to walk through the darkest abyss before reaching heaven. And the thing is, a part of you remains in the abyss forever.And who (or what) is this ""you"", anyway?WAU/10, would become a walking cyber-corpse again."
,Recommended,282140,27995367,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Koh,"An unbelievably amazing sci-fi horror game with deep philosophical implications leaving you thinking well after the game is finished. This is by far, not just one of the best horror games I've ever played, but one of the best games of all time that I have ever played."
,Recommended,282140,31584353,Posted: 6 May,all,Tukan,"Personally I read really mixed reviews for the game, but I can only recommend it for everyone, that enjoys a post-apocalyptic ""whats-the-meaning-of-life"" like story. Also I genuinely enjoyed the story telling which is (to me) nothing like in Amnesia, meaning you can actually kinda figure out what the heck is happening around you. Great story, great atmosphere, great spooks."
76561198088997918,Recommended,282140,23957898,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,duogals 👌,Absolutely worth a try.Gets to assfist WAU
,Recommended,282140,22466353,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,(\ BunnyBoy /)  #TRADING CRATES,<3
,Recommended,282140,24869699,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Lt. Shotgunson,"Wether you are an Sci-fi or Horror game fan grab this one on next sale. It's totally9.5/10, no way u regret it.Не важно любите ли Вы фантастику или ужастики, ловите СОМА не следующей распродаже, не пожалеете, игра9.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,21606624,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sixcorby,You heal yourself through the power of fisting. 10/10
76561198000393786,Recommended,282140,23008677,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,LuucDeluxe,Great atmosphere
,Recommended,282140,30708176,Posted: 24 March,all,Elisey,"eto bozhestvenno, mestami hodil v dush i menyal trusi"
,Recommended,282140,24987118,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Logick,"Brilliant sci fi horror game.  True to Frictional's style, no jump scares and such.  Just REAL horror."
76561198021763379,Recommended,282140,29876586,Posted: 12 February,all,SETO,"Soma es un fantastico juego de suspenso/terror. No hace falta que te asuste todo el tiempo, con saltos fuertes, sino que soma se ambienta perfectamente en su contexto. La sensacion de estar SOLO EN EL MUNDO es tremenda. Realmente me crei toda la historia, y tambien, me asuste con la situacion en si. Para ser un poco mas claro, y mas alla de ser un juego, sentis el miedo de no poder hacer nada, de no comprender un monton de cosas y de ver como mucha gente fracasó.La idea fue excelente y no esperaba menos por parte de la gente Frictional Games, que nos trajeron penumbra y amnesia.Nada mas que decir efectos sonidos graficos, un juego que hay que pasarse."
,Recommended,282140,23318567,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Siglamii,Astonishing
76561198046463452,Recommended,282140,27778668,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dr. Mcninja,"No words can describe this game, or thoughts.  It's just soo good"
,Recommended,282140,23976190,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,xsmasher,Amazing. It's like Dark Corners of the Earth minus the fedoras; like System Shock 2 without the shooting. Just pure story and suspense.
,Recommended,282140,30071435,Posted: 20 February,all,refunkt,"A lot of fun, with an incredible and thought provoking stroyline."
,Recommended,282140,31523116,Posted: 3 May,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions reviewSOMA is a game developed and published by Fricitional Games and is the next project after Amnesia: The Dark Descent (Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs was developed by The Chinese Room with help from the guys at Frictional Games)Calling this a horror game wouldn't really do it justice. SOMA's selling points are its atmosphere, its story and its immersionFrictional Games knocked the ball out of the park with their presentation. The world is beautiful and scary, unnerving and staggering. The best parts of this game are when you're not hiding from the monsters, but when the game let's you wonder around, immersing yourself in this incredible world they builtSOMA forces you to take some moral decisions. You don't often see this in video games, especially not in this genre and it pushes the boundries of what can be achieved in the horror genre if not games in generalThe horror elements themself were what you'd expect, lots of hiding and avoiding, with the occasional running from your lifeMy complaint isn't really a valid one when you think about it, which is the pacing. I found myself getting stuck for long periods of time, not able to figure out what I was supposed to doOverall this game is great, and I can only give it my full recommendation. It had my heart pounding at times, whilst simultaniously delivering an amazing narrative which was executed incredibly well, however, SOMA is not the next Amnesia game if that is what you were expecting...If you were expecting the next Amnesia game, then SOMA isn't the game for you...RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198196773614,Recommended,282140,18390147,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,The Will Davis,Amazing mind-bending horror game. I was waiting for this game for so long and am so happy that it was everything I had hoped for and more.
,Recommended,282140,32758242,Posted: 24 June,all,Jester,"I usually don't review many things, but this game was spot on. It definitely raises questions about what makes us who we are. The only gripe I have is I want more!! This game hit all the right marks, and I watch all the videos prior to when this released. Beat it in the first few days and still wish I had more of it."
,Recommended,282140,32631251,Posted: 21 June,all,Monte,"A masterpiece of a game. It is one of the only games I would say that has a narrative as good or even better than Half-Life 2. It's a scary game yes, but totally worth going through. The environments are absolutely beautifully crafted and the story is amazing. I couldn't suggest it more!"
76561198053406147,Recommended,282140,20979882,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,B A Z I N G A,"I just finished this game and this game easily has the best story of all the games i've played, yet it's really depressing.I'll just rate it.Straight10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18567924,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,k00pa,One of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,282140,19829884,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Caterpillar,
76561197982100704,Recommended,282140,22784689,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,stuart.d.davies,"Finally something to get my teeth in too.Best story in a game I have ever played. I almost cried at the end!Best played without the baddies (See WUSS addon. Thanks to the Dreamer) so you can just enjoy the amazing scenery and atmosphere.I enjoyed it more the second time through using the WUSS mod.  It gave me time to explore, no frustration with hiding for ages and still getting killed!I would recommend it to ALL.Please tell me there will be another :-)"
,Recommended,282140,32065924,Posted: 30 May,all,Kasceus,"One of the best games I've ever played.  I wish there were more like it.  The suspence, pacing, and atmosphere are absolutely fantastic. My heart was racing the entire time.  Who needs cardio when you have SOMA?  The funny thing is that there really isn't anything to be scared of. The atmosphere just puts you on edge. 10/10 would play again."
76561197970739839,Recommended,282140,33068980,Posted: 30 June,all,Famine,"A fascinating look at transhumanism, although the stealth mechanic is something of a failure in its use. the game crashed several times during my playthrough, and there is very limited potential for replay value.it is a good story, despite the many questions left unanswered.the acheivements are only for progressing through levels."
,Recommended,282140,24771216,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DracoMalus,"Soma is quite an incredible adventure.   While it can sometimes be frustrating it is often compelling and haunting,  sometimes disturbing, and always thought provoking.  It has beautiful, haunting visuals, interesting locations,  and likable characters, but ofers little in the way of challenge.  Challenge is not the heart of this game though, but I think its story an dlocations are more than enough to make this an adventure worth your time."
76561197988106439,Recommended,282140,26348662,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Divzro,This game.
76561198304184874,Recommended,282140,25004596,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,FOXTROT291,"So i want to start by saying this is a decent game. Those looking to get the amnesia feel with a updated engine will get that. Story is interesting and the setting does lead to some cool moments.However it didnt really live up to what i was expecting. I expected to be sneaking around in the dark, avoiding psycopathic robots bent on ripping me apart due to some project gone wrong, but that was seeminly a very small part of the game. It seems the robots were less setiant killing machines and more cybernetic versions of the gathers from amnesia. Running around screaming and giving up the chase fairly qickly. And while a good chunk of the game was sneaking through dark corners, the parts that actually put you in danger were pretty short and i felt i spent most of my time walking around the ocean floor.Like i stated the story was a very interesting one, however i felt like it could of been delievered better. It seemed like big important parts were rushed past without much explanation and delirvered in a way that didnt suit the atmosphere.Overall the game was probably a 6.5/10. Definatly worth a play though but something you might want to pick up on sale, considering also that it only took less then 8 hours to beat."
,Recommended,282140,25252243,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,adrenalize me,++/-
76561197988510453,Recommended,282140,18190578,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sheep Lord,"Cons:Finding small objects can be really hard and you have to do it a lot.It felt too easy, you can't really lose.Crashed infrequently, but still so frequently that it was annoying.Pros:The puzzles are really cool and gratifying.Because you can't lose, the game focuses on telling you an interesting interactive story.The monsters seemed to have unique behaviors, and not everything is a monster, some things are just crazy but won't hurt you and make for interesting characters.The graphics are amazing, the monsters look cool, the buildings look like a cool mix of high tech and old computer technology, and the ocean floor is beautiful and terrifying at the same time.Overall I had a lot of fun with it, fix the crashing problem and it's gonna be fine."
,Recommended,282140,31283238,Posted: 21 April,all,ERROR_X2™,I'm speachless i never thought a game like this would bring out emotions out of me even tho im an emotionless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,282140,18454832,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,The Pantheon,"Incredibly atmospheric. Amazingly unique story. And ♥♥♥♥in SCARY AS HELL! Really, really well done."
76561198033241153,Recommended,282140,26874821,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shodan v3.0,The best thing that happened to sci-fi horrors since System Shock 2.
76561197980241343,Recommended,282140,20436583,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,282140,25089361,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Eastw00d,Good game
,Recommended,282140,32057849,Posted: 30 May,all,Hydra,im shaking in my boots and having nightmares of this game.eBic story10/10 would have a USB trip again.
,Recommended,282140,32088122,Posted: 31 May,all,razthepsychonaut,Lasting impression.
76561198360975213,Recommended,282140,32095182,Posted: 31 May,all,Kush Coma,"Just finished this game and I have to say, I will be beating it over and over and over again as time passes..."
76561198058273836,Recommended,282140,32096603,Posted: 31 May,all,ayy,"What a game. Atmosphere was spot-on, exactly what I hoped for. The 'horror' was built in very well, was amazing to see a different approach to the genre. Do yourself a favour and let the game play with your feelings. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,20628779,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,willy,Good game.
,Recommended,282140,29616920,Posted: 31 January,all,Fangadora,"The game is a welcome change from current horror games coming out. This game brings a good stealth system, with hardcore science fiction. Now you may ask about: ""What is the difference between light science fiction, and hardcore science fiction”? The difference is that in light science fiction: the world is often in a better shape, technology such as light speed, and time travel is possible with theoretical explanations. The ability of replicators that create food like “Star Trek”. Hard core science fiction will punch you in the stomach, and curb stomp your dreams to death. It states that free will does not exist, your brain has already programed conclusions of what it is going to do before it even crosses your mind. String theory removes the will to live since every action you take will never be your own, but simple numbers in a mathematical model of prediction of what you will do in this life. When you die, you die. If you have your mind replicated, the replication is not you: your consciousness is not transferred, it simply becomes another copy of you, which will not contain you. Hard core science fiction as in the closest predictable model of our universe is cruel, and unbearing. The original station workers died, they do not live on. Simon two, and three died a meaningless death to create the Simon onboard the arc, Catherine one, and two died knowing they would die for their copies to simply exist believing they are survivors when they never truly went through the horror of the story. This game pulls a reverse Alien series on you. It is a science fiction game disguised as a horror game with horror based mechanics. The story, and the science behind it is scarier than any horror jumpscare will ever bring you."
,Recommended,282140,25487876,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,"This game rocks! The story is thought provoking and the progression is intriguing. I'll probably be thinking about it for a while. Disclosure: I used the Wuss Mode mod for the last 2 monsters. That saved me some time. Also, I don’t know if any of the choices make a difference. Will have to replay or research to find out. Recommended!"
,Recommended,282140,32053120,Posted: 29 May,all,Xden,"Simply phenomenal. A wonderful science fiction story ripe with existential horror, meaningful characer development, and shrill atmospheric terror. It's a game that should leave you thinking."
,Recommended,282140,19301646,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,invaderzz,good
,Recommended,282140,20817921,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jetti,AAAAHHH BROS ITS A SCARY GAME WAAAHHHOOOO
76561198199790850,Recommended,282140,18170555,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kripple,"Dear Jesus,Thanks for nothing.love me.awesome game, 9/10..... game crashed 5 times and I fell out the game once, but other than that it was reet guud.I would write more about how good the game was, but I need a poo soooo got to go. xxooxx"
76561198006869223,Recommended,282140,33004928,Posted: 29 June,all,Noakes,"I was after a bit of adrenaline, ended up contemplating what it means to be alive. Awesome stuff."
76561198004199954,Recommended,282140,26676393,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,illegalchin,"Soma is not a horror game that solely relies on its dark claustrophobic environments and terrifying encounters. At it's core is  a question about existence and what does it mean to be truly human? This is where the game truly sets itself apart from Amnesia. Whereas Amnesia was more like a traditional scary story, Soma is the horror story that probes your beliefs about existence. Coming into this game, I steered clear of any spoilers and was pleasantly surprised by the choices they give you in this game. At points in the game you can decide whether people or robots you encounter will live or die. Other choices include deleting data and answering questions about a certain virtual reality machine. Regardless of what you choose, the most impact these choices are going to have is making you think about the reprecussions that could occur or probing your moral beliefs.Besides the philosophical horror department, SOMA handles other aspects of its game fairly well. Audio is definitely a huge plus and plays big into what scares you as well as how you may handle your choices (hearing people scream after I do something is horror itself). The underwater environment is superb at giving a feeling of claustrophobia though don't expect getting lost so easily as you won't be meandering in the dark alone the whole time. Eerie lights in the distance and the occasional weird (or hostile) creature may greet you. For gameplay, SOMA is similar in how it handles this to Amnesia which is no brainer since it's made by the same people. Puzzles exist but you can tell they're not made for players to focus on for more than just a few minutes. If I remember, puzzles were a bit more difficult in Amnesia though I care not for this change. It's mostly better since this makes it feel like you're not doing fetch quests and allows the story to flow smoothly without interruption. Speaking of story, it's great! It very much entwined into what I've said earlier about SOMA's existential questions. The main character, Simon, is one of the mouthpieces in the game for these questions. There's one section in the game where it's a long elevator down the ocean floor and Simon and another character, Catherine, ponder about their unique situations and comfort themselves. It's a powerful calm scene and a needed one especially after such heavy sequence beforehand. Both main characters, Simon and Catherine are quite likeable though at a few parts Simon seems blissfully unaware (or maybe it's intentional to show his blind hope?) of one important plot point. Overall he comes out as the usual good guy character though one that's forced into a dreadful existential situation.  Catherine is a colder person though you warms up to you later and you will grow to like her. She's a more pragmatic than Simon. As is usual of Frictional Games, one can choose to explore side sections to reveal more background info to add onto the main plot. I highly recommend doing so as it enhances the experience. It definitely hooked me onto the story a lot more.Overall, SOMA is a welcome iteration into Frictional Games' line up. Some may argue that it's not as scary as Amnesia but as I've repeated, it is not a horror game that relies solely on its usual horror tropes."
76561197971110081,Recommended,282140,26679274,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Morzileuil,"Thrilling, intelligent, a great science fiction adventure. Could make a movie out of it"
76561198013913054,Recommended,282140,26674720,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,stalwart,"It didn't do it for me as a horror game, but the visuals, the atmosphere and the characters were so good that I don't mind not getting a horror game.It seemed to me that the enemies can't really hurt you until the very end of the game, you just crouch in a corner, not looking at them and they go away. It's a decent horror game but most of the time I was more annoyed with the monsters, than scared of them.That's that.The visuals are great, abandoned, often flooded, rusty, underwater bases and walks on the ocean floor.My personal favorite was the path from the climber to Tau station, the darkness and loneliness of the abyssal depth sucked me in.And it's one of those techno-fetish games, like Alien Isolation, lots of computers and panels to use, machinery to operate.What I most like about this game is how decent the story is. It seems to me that most video game stories are garbage. In order to fit with the gameplay, they write nonsense.90 % of what goes down in SOMA is clear from rather early in the game and I enjoyed it, because it was simple, desperate, hopeless and kind of relieving once I knew what I had to do, no obligatory twists, just a beutiful, straightforward story unfolding, everything explained, no let-the-audience-fill-in-the-blanks laziness. It makes sense, I admire that.The conversations between Simon and Catherine are well written, they caught my attention, even emotionally sometimes, this game has mature vibes about life, that I think will appeal to an older audience, I'm 31.And the ending, man... the ending was beautiful! :)"
,Recommended,282140,26693812,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Shap7ShifTR,Great game.
,Recommended,282140,33913244,Posted: 30 July,all,Raccoon Recon,SOMA is a game about two dehumanized people trying to do right by God and reach eternal life while under threat from Sata-I mean a omnipresent AI who wants you alive as a half-cockroach-half-machine bugman because thats what he thinks Life is. Do cyber-uploaded brain-scan derived souls dream of reaching Heaven? Just please make sure to watch the credits and the scene that comes after it or you'll never find out.
76561198150479171,Recommended,282140,29243646,Posted: 14 January,all,NopeTrain_,"Hands down one of the best story driven games I've ever played, Even if you arent a horror fan, try and swallow your fear and immerse yourself in a truly amazing environment. Everything about SOMA works brilliantly from the storyline to the mechanics and playability... This is a MUST-PLAY!"
,Recommended,282140,32427747,Posted: 15 June,all,AWEdio,Decent.
,Recommended,282140,32428311,Posted: 15 June,all,Jibby,I like this game... very good game
76561198022991982,Recommended,282140,32441080,Posted: 15 June,all,radioboss,Very interesting and unusual game - strongly recommend!
76561198053979500,Recommended,282140,18170985,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,arcticFeline,"All I can say is: Wow. A friggin awesome experience, right down to the story, the thrills, the gameplay--everything. Definitely my favorite out of Frictional. Fantastic job."
76561198332296478,Recommended,282140,28462025,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SENTINEL16game1,"Can we get a sequel, because what happened to simon in the ARK?what happened to simon who got left back at Tau?"
76561198011917951,Recommended,282140,19291830,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,anorsworthy,"SOMA, the long awaited game from Frictional Games, creators of Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The setting and themes are quite a departure from their previous work, how well does this game compare to what they've made before?While SOMA is an excellent game overall, I feel the game design and story have some flaws that I feel drag down the experience. Perhaps the main problem is pacing. The game has several stretches where very little happens, and this even occurs during some memorable sequences that ultimately overstay their welcome. Some of the puzzles are placed in a way that feel like they're there just to slow the game down, instead of feeling like a natural part of the story and the character's progression.I feel like Frictional Games could've been more creative with the horror aspects of the game. One of the things I value most in a horror game aren't just the monsters or the atmosphere, but having little oddities spread out throughout the environment. I did try to explore the game thoroughly, and I was often disappointed to see that nothing happened in areas that seem like they could've contained something. It's not until halfway through the game that I started seeing enough creepy things to satisfy me. Perhaps it's unfair of me to criticize the game for not utilizing horror in the way I'd prefer, but these days we only get about two good horror games a year, so it's hard for me to not be critical.I don't want nor expect Frictional Games to just copy Amnesia over and over again, but the game isn't different enough that I'm not tempted to compare them. One thing I feel the their previous games did better was interactivity. As good as the horror in their games is, the other thing that really attracts me to them is their physics system, which I find to be a load of fun. SOMA doesn't do as much with the game engine as Amnesia and Penumbra did. There's no particularly intricate puzzles that rely on it, there are no vases or glass cases to break to help reduce the tension, there's nothing comparable to to lighting torches in the environment. The one downside to horror games with no combat is that sometimes results in a game that's more fun to experience than it is to play. The HP engine went a long way to alleviating that problem, and without it SOMA can occasionally feel dull when not much is happening.One thing that annoyed me about the level design is that the corridors are often too cramped, when means that it can be difficult to sneak your way past monsters. Their behavior sometimes seems to make things more frustrating than they should be, such as one type of monster being able to find you easily despite being said to be blind. Storywise, the voice acting can sometimes be weak, particularly in regards to the main character. Part of the fault might lie in the writing, but sometimes he just doesn't seem as worried as he should be, especially at the very start of the game. While you have a clear goal for most of the game, some of the plot threads seem like they're resolved too quickly before you reach the end.So why, after all that criticism, do I recommend the game? Because even though it wasn't quite what I was hoping for, it does have a good story, interesting themes and memorable environments. I want Frictional Games to be successful, and if they stick to horror games, I hope that the weaknesses of SOMA are just a speed bump, and in the future they'll be able to combine the creativity and interactivity of Penumbra and Amnesia with the more complex story and detailed environments of SOMA."
,Recommended,282140,20103745,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RainaMermaid,"Casual female gamer here.I found Soma through my queue. I really enjoy rich storylines, but I'm not the best at button mashing. I started Soma with the keyboard but when the Steam controller came out, the boyfriend gifted me with one in hopes I'd have an easier time. (side bar I have an illness that causes hand tremors, and found the controller really helped with that)  I found it much much easier to play with the controller and I recomend it to anyone who struggles with button mashing!Soma has a rich storyline, amazing voice actors, unique environments, and interesting characters. It's paced very well, and I like that it's the type of game that doesn't require levelling up. For a first person perspective I found it a lot easier to manuever than most first person shooters (something I totally suck at). The storyline is unveiled as you play and it motivates you to get past the hard stuff- you just want to know what happens.There's a lot of little side data mines you can enjoy. Most aren't neccesary to beat the game, but they paint a bigger picture of the story. It's almost like detective work.The game has puzzles but I admit I needed to use tutorials to solve most of them. Most didnt have any directions so not only did you have to solve the puzzle, you needed to figure out what the puzzle actually was and what it wanted you to do. This was fun the first two times, but then it got old fast for me.There are parts of the game that aren't innate at all. I have no idea how a person would figure it out without a tutorial. I think the game could of used a little more direction. Maybe on screen goals that remind you what the next task is. Occasionally the co-charafcter Katherine would give you guidance but you didn't always have acess to her.The monsters were scary! They reminded me of slender man meets venom. In this game, you can't fight em! Which was kind of annoying. It really just becomes a matter of hide and seek when the monsters are around. I found it easier to deal with the monsters inside the buildings than the ones in the water. The building monsters couldn't hurt you unless you looked at them. The water monsters  didn't GAF. So it was frustrating you couldn't fight them. I'll also say the difficulty levels with the monsters in the buildings are all over the place. That is probably fine for seasoned gamers. But I'd caution my fellow casual gamers or those with low reaction time! I got through about 75% of the monsters by my own, and of those about 25% I had to watch a walkthrough to figure out how to get around them. The 25% I couldn't do myself I had to get my seasoned gamer boyfriend to do for me haha. Something that would take me hours and many lives, he figured out in 5 minutes every time.The game gives you a few chances when you die before totally starting you back at a checkpoint. For someone like me who dies often- that was a real motivator to keep trying to get through hard parts. I knew I wasn't going to have to totally start over. But, the consequence is that each time you die you get a little slower and disoriented.Toward the ending I started finding the storyline predictable. BUT BE SURE YOU WATCH TIL AFTER THE CREDITS.(SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER FOR THE ENDING....) Before I knew it the game ended and it felt a bit anti-climatic. I like that we got to see what ARK Simon and Katherine were like. That was a cool little tid bit. But I was far more interested in what happened to Simon who was left behind.You have to make a few moral choices throughout the game whether or not to put dying people out of their misery. It gets harder when faced with the possible last human.I think the concept of the game- uploading our consciousness into a data form- really interesting and maybe something we'll see in the future.Overall, if youre a seasoned gamer TOTALLY GO FOR THIS . I did it in 17 hours and I'm slow, so you good people will probably fly through it. For the casual gamers like me, you should still go for it. But maybe recruit your friends haha. I also earned all the achievements pretty easily."
,Recommended,282140,30059948,Posted: 20 February,all,AnTiguArd,I just finished it. Amazing lol. The ending made me so sad and after the credits happy. B)Very spooky and thrilling. The story was very interesting and coooooooool.I think this is going into my favourite games now   okay thanks bye. ♥
,Recommended,282140,22986152,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Grawne,"I woke up in my bed today, a hundred years ago -- Who am I?... Who am I?SOMA isn't just a scary game with a thrilling atmosphere, it's a reflection about life, nothing less.If you're up to start asking yourself philosophical questions, and let's not lie, to face fear and stress in your room all by yourself, without any lights and with your headphones on - because there's no other way to play it right - don't let this game unplayed.Also, the dialog and voice acting deserve a mention on its own ; it just feels so natural that you would sincerely think the actors are living the experiences of Simon and Cath on their terrifying journey. This is hands down the most emotional and real voice acting in any frictional game ever."
,Recommended,282140,22409546,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,afk t spawn,"thought it was pretty cool at first, loved how there weren't any jumpscares and the game focused on other elements to keep the game spooky.then I got a jumpscareI quit playing and went to mcdonalds9/10"
,Recommended,282140,31920326,Posted: 23 May,all,Goddess,"It´s amazing and I barely have any other words. I love the story, the tension, graphics, overall so well put together game. And the ending is just.. it´s totally great. Worth the money with no doubt."
,Recommended,282140,31258159,Posted: 20 April,all,Baby Bones Dood,"TL:DRWhole game takes about 3-4 hours to beat if played non-stop. The music is great the game is emmersive, atmospheric, has a good sountrack that works well with the designe of the game, game looks and plays great. 0 Replayability outside of mods. If thats your thing then go for it, well worth the buy.1 +Good sountrack2 +Good design3 +Good visuals4 +Good Voice acting5 +Game is short6 -Gameplay is super easy7 -Puzzles are easy  (especially if you have ever worked in IT or Engineering)8 N/ACombat is non existant9 -Game has no replayability10 -Game is inovative.5/9SOMA is another walk through world and around the mean things while soaking up storyline with a few puzzled shoved in along the way game. While I personally enjoy playing these games though myself there really is no point. You can easily get the full experiance from a single commentary free youtube videos at 0 cost and save yourself the buy. If you are not rolling in cash and want to experiance SOMA and dont have money to throw away on a game you will play once and uninstall then you already know this is not the game for you. The puzzles are basically fix the piping or turn the levers in the right order or figure out how to fix a broken computer system. While it was fun being able to apply my IT knowledge to a game and see it work the novelty of it wore off around the second hour. Most of the monsters are easy to just sprint around as sneaking past them takes too long and is no more rewarding then running past them. The storyline is intriguing and discovering more about the world you breifly inhabbit is exiting and rewarding. The ending is amusing as well as provides an interesting take on a pre existing question. Worth the money assuming you know exactly what you are paying for. a 3-4 hour tour of SOMA with a few (quite a few) abusive robots in between. Oh and you get to kill yourself. Twice. Which was fun."
,Recommended,282140,29270796,Posted: 15 January,all,NoDraw,"Without a doubt the best horror game I have ever played!Not because of the horror elements, but because it was a very thought provoking experience.It makes you think about life as a whole, and question what your own identity really means.The only things I can criticize are the enemies and the scripted events. Normally you can outrun the monsters or hide from them without any problems. However, if a monster is scripted to catch you (even if it is just a slow one), it will engage its main thrusters and warp through time and space until it catches you, which felt kind of fake to me. (It is only a minor thing though)In general, I think it was a great experience! I loved the characters and I loved the story.Totally worth buying."
76561198027954037,Recommended,282140,28165705,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Horizonist,"As somebody who is fascinated by artificial intelligence, Soma is one of the best games I have ever played.The story is a simple yet brilliant (and at times horrifying) exploration of the questions of identity, consciousness, and artificial intelligence. It never panders or condescends to you, but rather confront you with situations that genuinely make you think. What does it really mean to ""be""? What really makes me ""me""? What is personal identity? Is it unique? Does it even exist? Any game that genuinely makes you ponder questions like this in a serious way deserves recognition, and Soma does it beautifully. Thus, to me, the story is by far its strongest point.To immerse you in the story, Soma also comes with solid audio and visual work. Environments are detailed well modeled, but not very varied. Lightning is great and well fitted to each particular area, and together with the ominous audio it reinforces a sense of loneliness and helplessness.The gameplay is good as well. People who have played Amnesia: The Dark Descent by the same developer will need no introduction at all - almost all the core concepts are the same. Walk, crouch, sprint, peek around corners, hide. Do not look at the monsters. Stay out of the light.There is very little negative to say about the game. There were admittedly a few moments where the PC reacted in ways that took me out of the story a bit - they just seemed entirely implausible. There were also a few seemingly important arcs that seemed to just abruptly come to a close without sufficient closure (even though the main story does not have this problem).All in all, great game."
76561198268802524,Recommended,282140,31973328,Posted: 26 May,all,Polaris,BUY.IT.
76561197993882250,Recommended,282140,32244674,Posted: 7 June,all,NOBODY,"Why? Why are the innocent punished? Why the sacrifice? Why the pain? There aren't any promises. Nothing certain. Only that some get called, some get saved. She won't ever know the hardship and grief for those of us left behind. We commit these bodies to the void with a glad heart"
,Recommended,282140,27886873,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jackscape,this game involves a lot of touching ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,282140,18567436,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Wavefunction,"SOMA is a rich narrative woven around a solid set of core game mechanics and wrapped in a cohesive, hard science fiction shell. I haven't been so immersed in an video game experience on an emotional level in a very long time. The writing in this game is sharp, on the level of the Portal series though with a different tone, and the philosophical conundrums it presents run much deeper than those games... and most games for that matter. Or most science fiction in general. It's a great, captivating narrative-driven experience is what it is, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. If that's what you're looking for then you've found it. Great job, Frictional Games!On the subject of gameplay, I'm not particularly a fan of the horror genre however I found that there was an ideal balance between the horror elements and the puzzle elements in this game to prevent the horror elements from being too nerve wracking. I found the balance and the core gameplay mechanics to be better than, say, Alien: Isolation which is the closest recent game I can think of to this (and the pacing was also better). I really enjoyed the interaction system as well--it is simple yet very versatile and helps greatly with the immersion (it really makes for some tense moments!)Graphically, the environments in this game are generally amazing despite being on what would seem to be an indie budget. The engine definitely shines at the bottom of the ocean and not so much on land; thankfully most of the game takes place in the former.The audio is nothing short of excellent as well. From the voice acting to the ambient sounds to monsters wailing, the game wouldn't be anywhere near as good as it is without solid audio production.Play this with a good set of headphones!Story 11/10Gameplay 10/10Sound: 10/10Graphics 8/10Quite possibly the single player game of the year for me!"
,Recommended,282140,26338434,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dog,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥pretty spooky hairy scary spooky man my ♥♥♥♥♥, I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants then some monkey came and threw it at the reebits."
,Recommended,282140,29708444,Posted: 4 February,all,Jamez.EXE,another masterpice from frictonal 10/10
76561198049370755,Recommended,282140,23288606,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ketale,this is good horror scifi game. it has its own unigue feeling and atmosphere. you cant tell whats waits you behind corner or what you should do.
76561198028513039,Recommended,282140,32356156,Posted: 11 June,all,HossDelgado93,IT BE GOOD
,Recommended,282140,19815456,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Batman's Dog ™,"Step 1: Please enter your 3 digit security code at the checkout, accompanied with a tick in the terms & Conditions box.Step 2: Install your new game. While you are waiting, please feel free to amuse yourself by browsing the negative reviews section, and if you do not have fibre optic, you will have enough time to work out the percentage of reviewers who are Call of Duty fanboys, and don't know what a good game really is. It is 4.59% at the time of writing.Step 3: Enjoy.Tip: Try to spend one whole night playing the game, instead of playing it over a few, if possible. It is important in these games to stay immersed. falling out of the ambience, setting and the story ruins the experience and it can fall apart."
76561198026004417,Recommended,282140,24446746,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Vahaldor,This is absolutely thirlling. Exactly the game of easy puzzles and full philosophical story. More games like this please!
,Recommended,282140,20512754,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,dewie! [wi],10/10 would question mortal existence again
,Recommended,282140,18266514,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,peremoinen,"OOOOoooooo, Who lives in a marine lab under the sea?Monsters and robots!Darkness and death and robots there is!Monsters and robots!If a rogue AI be something you wish...Monsters and robots!Then join Simon and flop like a fish!Monsters and robots! READY?!MONSTERS AND ROBOTS!!MONSTERS AND ROBOTS!!MONSTERS AND ROBOTS!!MOOONSTEEEERS AND ROBOOOOOOOOTSSS, HAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAH- [flute being played] -AAAHAHHAHAHAAHSeriously though, the game is a 9.2/10"
76561198030876105,Recommended,282140,24828725,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,4 Degrees,This is a great game. It's shorter than Alien: Isolation but a little bit more balanced and less frustrating sometimes.The story is awesome and gameplay is just smooth even on older machines.Runs smooth with high settings on q9800 w/ HD6870 /8GB
76561197987630975,Recommended,282140,19622774,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Serendipity,"Good quality thriller, underwater environments are very well done. I admit I dont like the inclusion of the enemy monsters (except the aquatic life) since this adds nothing to an otherwise thought provoking story line and I lost immersion in the world most when dealing with these tacky enemies; its at it's best when you exploring the creepy environmentsRecommended indie type game though.If you like this and havent already, naturally your next game would be alien isolation"
76561198061750921,Recommended,282140,34874776,Posted: 10 September,all,DeadMan_Playing,"Let's pretend, you're dead.But I put your mind, with all your hopes and dreams,on an USB drive.Then, make copies,and copies,and copies,and copies,you know ... for Science !then, let's forget about the USB for half a century ... maybe until a comet hits the Earth and wipes the human race from the surface.OK, NOW Let's boot up that old dusty USB, put it into a crappy robot from an undersea research station ...where the very few last humans even existing has all been put on ... let's say ""permanent life support"" ... by a rogue AI.Oh and when i said Robot ... i meant corpse. The corpse of someone, melded with a diving suit.(Possible thanks to our brand new, full of science, Structure Gel™)Let's pretend i hate you.Let's pretend i'm here to drive you insane.Welcome back.♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,282140,31284030,Posted: 21 April,all,✠GreenGarnish✠,"I loved this game more than i ever thought i would, its refreshing  see to such a good sci fi horror and SOMA is undoubtedly one of the best games ive played so far that does it so good on its concept.(Alot about our life and what it means to exist and it goes real in depth with this Theory).The Story is by far the best about SOMA the Gameplay is good cant be mad about it.I wont spoil but id suggest seeing the Wiki when you finish the game so you can learn much much more...In short its a great game, fantastic at that and i recommend anyone that loves this type of sci fi horror to buy it right now worth every penny. 10/10  ( Hope to see a DLC or Prequel of this game in the future ill buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it)"
76561198007859011,Recommended,282140,20044466,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,deathfromthesea,"Loved the game, great story.  If 2 of my favorite games System Shock 2 and Amnesia the Dark Descent had a baby it would be Soma.  The game is easier than both of those games but man the story is impressive.  Makes you wonder about what life means can you still be human leaving in a computer or AI."
,Recommended,282140,22887069,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ℙ ε ε ℬ ε ε,Terrifying.
76561198204370448,Recommended,282140,19092482,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SCOTTICUS,"Best game of the year and best sci-fi I ever played the setting and story will blow your mind. I never played any other horror game with a setting like this, meeting different enemies with different attitudes. This game may have a few issues with the vysnc on causing it to freeze in different areas and if anyone is thinking about getting this game while reading this,  I'd recommened turning the vsync off there maybe some screen tearing but the game will play so much better. I really love this game and it was worth every penny."
76561198031445894,Recommended,282140,26328287,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Szechuan McNuggets,Very well done game.  These devs know what they're doing!
76561197994205012,Recommended,282140,30137180,Posted: 24 February,all,[HH:FS] illyay,"Probably one of the best games I've ever played for so many reasons.I went into it not knowing much about it, and that's how it should be..."
,Recommended,282140,34232578,Posted: 14 August,all,Redhunt,"get the mod to nullify all the monster bits ( which are annoying, irritating and causes the screen to permanently blur until you heal), and enjoy the exploration and the story as it unfolds before you."
,Recommended,282140,34228821,Posted: 13 August,all,Markzilla,"Thought provoking, but also keeps the horror game format Frictional is known for. This may not be the scariest game they've ever made, but it's easily the best."
,Recommended,282140,28930597,Posted: 1 January,all,Semicirclesammy,Mind-boggling
76561198275999492,Recommended,282140,28932638,Posted: 2 January,all,paytonmaple0,this game has its goods ands bads just like any other game but im haveing problem if any one could help me i would aprecate and i get a error code called f  help me please thanks
76561198032232194,Recommended,282140,22248532,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,3xiT0n,Fantastic experience.  Rating = 4/5 or 7/10.  Losts of fun keeped me interested the entire way through.  Must play!
76561198115981740,Recommended,282140,22331824,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,DaoFlyUp,10/10 would be chased again
,Recommended,282140,22311453,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,photec,"Pants, meet poop. Poop, meet pants."
76561198248166670,Recommended,282140,25539327,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PianoShaner,Great Game9/10  Dead Space meets Bioshock. A must have.
,Recommended,282140,22343731,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,狼,"One could argue that it's not perfect, but it is wonderful.Experience it!Much Thanks to the Devs!!!"
76561198122384855,Recommended,282140,25456883,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,aanieze,"Just an incredible experience. It has the terrifying atmosphere that Frictional has been known to deliver, but with their most intense story yet."
76561197970594285,Recommended,282140,25493819,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,GGMan,"What a game, really enjoyed it.Graphics are nice but audio is very rich.Ohhhh, the ending!!!"
76561198106082296,Recommended,282140,25528644,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ATLAS,"Possibly the best (horror-) game ever created. Deep, complex plot, an awesomely designed environment and a splendid soundtrack make it one of the most intense experiences I've ever had."
,Recommended,282140,26321970,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Exostenza,"Finally. A game that deals with some of the very compelling ideas of science fiction. I don't think there is a better scifi game plot wise available. Also, it looks good and plays well. If you are into plot driven SP games that really explore tough issues then is for you. Worth every penny of the full asking price. What a breath of fresh air this game is! They really nailed it.8/10"
,Recommended,282140,18481348,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Icini,"As what I have played so far, it is a very good game. Suspence, scary at times. Truely good.https://youtu.be/A96AEC2JP_Q"
,Recommended,282140,34232968,Posted: 14 August,all,what a name. what a sauce.,Beautiful.
76561197987047936,Recommended,282140,30348196,Posted: 5 March,all,The Squid,"Full review:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2017/01/soma.htmlSOMA is something special. I've played hundreds of games and it's very rare for one to get me to stop and think so frequently and so deeply. The moral decision points have no rewards or penalties tied to them, so I focused solely on what I thought was right - or less wrong - based on the context. While the monsters did get tedious towards the end, they didn't ruin the game, and there's a mod to make them nonhostile. SOMA's horror is cerebral and existential and has an impact that lasts beyond the credits. SOMA is definitely going on my recommendation short list and you should absolutely play it."
76561198130885881,Recommended,282140,18298874,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Jumpiesthalo,"The super creepy atmosphere, the mystery of what has happened to you, and the freaky monsters make a recipe for a great horror game. SOMA blends together every type of scary aspect of horror games, giving you smart enemies, hiding, and no way to defend yourself. If you want a game with some problem solving, and nail biting suspence and great voice acting, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,282140,18302389,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,#ChinchillaBoy3000,Fantastic story. Probably one of the most immersive and memorable games i've ever played.
76561198119576247,Recommended,282140,18299830,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,RymRyu,"a great horror game for atmoshpere, and suspence."
,Recommended,282140,18299942,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ordudu,"Okay, let me just say that this game was absolutely HEART BREAKING. I HATE THAT. THIS IS A HORROR GAME. NOT A FEELS GAME. Okay, now that that's out of the way, this game is amazing. It is by far, my most favorite game ever. I had my doubts at first, but as I continued through the game, I got more engaged. I will admit, I shed a few tears at the end because I got a little bit too involved in the plot. Keep on doing amazing, Frictional Games. ♥♥♥♥ you for making me cry, and thank you for a wonderful game."
76561198038551274,Recommended,282140,18302336,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ceruleancrescent,"This game makes you think, like really think, about existence and humanity to a notable point, and I don't say that lightly. I was notably impacted by this game, and several times I needed to take a break, or was just left in awe because it went places I truly didn't expect. I also spend a good amount of time being scared, so it's a win-win. SOMA is just a beautiful, bittersweet, unnerving, sci-fi game that I highly recommend."
76561198074944397,Recommended,282140,18301133,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,sharklord13,One of the most haunting games i've ever played. tragic and beautiful.
76561198008496967,Recommended,282140,18302140,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Plavalaguna,What a great game.  I never play first person games.  And really don't like horror games.  But something about this one made me buy it. Everything about the game was just...well chilling...but still amazing.
,Recommended,282140,18302627,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Doc Paine,An excellent horror game that forgoes the jump scares of yore to deliver a deeply chilling and thought provoking experience.
,Recommended,282140,18302324,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Go In Poet!,Fish that swim away when you get close to them...10/10 Game of the Decade.
76561198195840986,Recommended,282140,18301826,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,wolfdrums,"I haven't beaten this game yet, but even still, when I do, I would recommend this game regardless!Now if you're like me, and not really one for jumpscares, this is a great game to get into for horror, or if you want horror that is  not in-your-face screamers that'll have you flying out of your seat (like how most nitoriously do). No, the most you'll get in this is chills and a few spooks as most of the edge will come from atmosphere (lights flickering or shutting off, sounds of monsters nearby, sometimes doors may open when they were closed...) with the thrills of having to hide and/or run from enemies.It's not a triple A title, but for $30 it is well worth it and not a disappointment as the story as everyone else has mentioned is one that is deep and will have you questioning concepts that may very well be reality for us human kind in the future. It starts out a little confusing as you'll be wondering what the heck is going on and what you're doing, you'll be mind♥♥♥♥ed for a while, but as you play, things clear up so bear with the game.As for cons:--The AI has much room for improvement, some of the deaths from enemies feel cheap at times when they come at you even though you are hidden. It's not bad but it's not fully polished but it's not something that'll ruin the whole experience; it's forgiveable once you get the hang of figuring them out. But even still things like distracting the enemies by say maybe throwing a cup or chair into another room to distract them kind of feels useless because even if you do, they will not respond to it, and if they do go to the sound, they'll just go, then come right on back and run into you.--There should have been a karma system added, as the game gives you somewhat choices to make in the game in reguards to morality. But what you do dosen't really effect the outcome so many have told.--Some characters and minors plots in the game that could add more depth are completely forgotten. I know in good horror games, too much social interaction, and you don't feel alone. But things like your wife or maybe a few other characters you meet are never mentioned again and it could have been put in to just help fill in plot holes and add depth as mentioned.Still  8/10 for this game and hope there will be more from these people!"
,Recommended,282140,18302878,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Comrade Rarface,"An incredible, beautifully crafted adventure through the apocalypse that really focuses on perception and what it means to be human. An absolutely fantastic, once-in-a-lifetime game. This is a game that makes you question the world.Gameplay is split between some amnesia-esque terrifying monster stealth encounters, and some pretty painless and fun puzzle solving.Clocks in at about 10hrs to finish, and you'll probably only play it once, but it was so masterfully crafted that I don't think that matters. It's a game you'll finish once and remember forever."
,Recommended,282140,18563501,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Upy-Shoe,The first ever actual 'psycological horror' game next to spec ops the line that isn't just a repackaged silent hill plot. Or some lame plot twist just to gain the title.  This game will leave you empty.
76561198020518054,Recommended,282140,18301226,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,blurrynatty,Incredible. You don't have to be a horror game fan to enjoy this beast of a game. I smell game of the year.
,Recommended,282140,18168530,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,terra,
,Recommended,282140,18401673,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,FaTe-,The saddest ending for one of the best stories of 2015. Amazing gameplay and an absolutely great narrative.
,Recommended,282140,18827904,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nasty D,"Pretty dank game, 10/10."
,Recommended,282140,20897781,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[B.A.B] F A T H E R M O C K E R,"Do you recommend this game?YESlast 4hrs gameplay in one go,ending storie,  with a huge grin to me face hole time. ;D*(huge grin to me face and dry mouth,,indicate game be super awsomme)nice puzzels, sweet storie.so a good great game..."
,Recommended,282140,25992286,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Safex,I have played this game for less than an hour without 1 jump scare and im ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself.I had to stop playing becuase i felt ill using peak around corner mechanics when i heard the scariest fkn noise of my life.Maybe when i go back to play ill leave crouch and open that door
76561197971196625,Recommended,282140,18167893,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Hexen,"SOMA is a blend of many successful gaming franchises and formulas done *Correctly* As you may have read or guessed it, it does feel a lot like Bioshock 1, System Shock 2, and Alien Isolation all in one tidy package. To me the game is far less tense than Amnesia was and offers a substantially richer experience from the interesting story progression and character developments.SOMAs true strengths are the storyline,immersion, and the *fantastic* audio which should be experienced with a quality headset. The visuals are not the cutting edge but they are quite good by any expectations. There really is a sparse about of 'moster' encounters and a piece of me both wish there was more and less of them at equal measure.If you enjoy futuristic sci-fi and want a tense experience I recommend SOMA to you."
,Recommended,282140,28021768,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"Fisch ""Osttruppen"" Pi",It was a deep story with some monsters sprinkled in.
,Recommended,282140,33610001,Posted: 17 July,all,Please stop sniping,Reeeeaallllyyyyy makes you think.
76561198042296378,Recommended,282140,18803437,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ChrisAKAPiefish,"This game was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. The story was incredibly well written and is one of my favourite Sci Fi stories now. The level design was perfect, NPC design even model designs were amazing. Voice acting and atmospheric music were also perfect. My one complaint about this game is that the horror feels like it was awkwardly bolted on. This game doesn't really need the horror aspect...it doesn't feel right for it. Having said that, as someone who usually hates horror games, this was amazing."
,Recommended,282140,24718654,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,{ViP}The_0ccurrence,"I'm usually not one for scary games but I found myself determined to finish SOMA. I cant count the number of times I quickly pressed escape and threw my headphoned down on the table in real fear. Probably a lot. And although I struggled along the way, I never felt the need for a wiki or walkthrough, i just worked harder at it. The ending is great so i'm glad that I made it. The game took me 15 hours to complete, but I went through very slow, because I know I wont replay this game for a long time. The thrill of seeing everything for the first time is amazing, and it wouldnt be exciting to know what is behind that door. I would whole heartedly recomend this game to those who find enjoyment in a good story line and art style, and who dont mind a little fear to keep them moving."
,Recommended,282140,31257369,Posted: 20 April,all,Jordan ☯ Idle for Trading Cards,It isn't as scary as Frictional games previous titles I mean it has it's moments especially if you are being chased. The story though is superb and poses a lot of philosophical questions that will definitely make you think. It is kind of depressing but given the situation that you are in it does all make sense and tie together in the end. Not really gameplay heavy more like a movie than a game but I still enjoyed it nonetheless.
,Recommended,282140,19834993,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Mother Of All Nerds,"SOMA was a really good game.  I didn't go into it expecting a 40 hour campaign, nor did I go into it expecting the greatest game of all time, but a story.  I can say that this game delivers and more on a story.  It made me laugh at times, scared the life out of me for most of it, but made me think.  Isn't that what we all want? A story that makes us feel and reflect on our life?Buy this game, get big headphones, get immersed, and prepare for a journey.Also, shoutout to Toronto! :D"
76561198035575026,Recommended,282140,23002654,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,H.Sass,"This is one of the best new games I have ever played.So worth it. The story is so good, and it makes you think about what a life is,what does it mean to be a human.Love that its not based on jumpscare/primal fear, but rahter makes youso into the story, that you feel the persons fear, doubts and deep thoughts."
76561198346899843,Recommended,282140,31248826,Posted: 19 April,all,FreeMan,HORROR !
,Recommended,282140,30267974,Posted: 1 March,all,Murikov,"This is actually one of the very few games that made me jump-scare at some points. Not evenOutlast,AmnesiaorThief 3's ""Shalebridge Cradle""come close to this.Regardless of that it's an excellent experience with very interesting gameplay mechanics and plot twists. If you expected kind of aBioshockrip-off, then you're completely wrong.Personally I thought the ending was not 100% satisfying, but everything else was absolutely fantastic. I'm surprised to see that this game doesn't really get the same hype as the above mentioned titles, because dayum, it would deserve it."
76561198011001784,Recommended,282140,34655664,Posted: 1 September,all,Dorg Borgus,The story is good. You walk around for most of the game but it's intriguing enough that it makes it feel worth it. Not very spooky. I got spooked like one time. If you're one of those little girls that are scared of deep water you might get like 4 good spooks in. The monsters were way more annoying than anything and were the worst part of the game. For parts of the game you're stuck in a section of the game where you have a buch of rooms you're supposed to check with a monster walking around making a ton of noise and not letting you go where you're trying to go. But the game was good. Got it on sale for 26 kuai which is four dollars Worth it imo. Not♥♥♥♥♥♥10
,Recommended,282140,20225393,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,7rystan,"Not beaten it yet, because.. well... I have to take very frequent breaks to let my blood pressure go down.  Incredible game though so far!  I feel honored for this to be the first horror game I've had the honor of making a ""Let's Play"" series of.  The voice acting is great and the story keeps you guessing.  Most horror games are just 100% shock value and jump scares, but this game does a fantastic job of mixing those things in with lots of problem solving, good story, and all that together has kept me super interested in this game and on the edge of my seat the entire time.  I'd highly recommend it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qF8Np3HiEZQ"
,Recommended,282140,35474141,Posted: 4 October,all,Briza,"Just finished the game, it was a great story. Quite scary at some moments. :)"
,Recommended,282140,27748870,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,thisisarda,I was not expecting this to be this much scary to be honest.  I have to admit the team created the game gave alot of attention to the details so a big kudos to them . i havent finished the game yet but i am very happy with the product i ve purchased 11$ worth every penny. Environment gets you right away it`s intense makes you think alot. and the puzzle elements forcing you to pay even more attention to the details closer. Highly recommendedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iror_LKy6c
76561198012008918,Not Recommended,282140,34252520,Posted: 15 August,all,Toe_Jam,"I'm a bit confused why the reviews are so fanatically positive, they refuse to address the elephant in the room. I know we all like Frictional and Amnesia, but people are really blowing smoke up their♥♥♥♥♥ So far this game has been extremely walking simulator-y. You run until you come across an enemy area, crouch through it, then go back to running around turning power on and unplugging stuff. Oh, and reading computer terminals and iPads for passwords or to know which power to turn on.  (BTW, they can build a geothermal power plant underwater and superintelligent AI but can't get their tablets thinner than 6 inches thick? Or put more than notes and pictures on them? WTF? The dumbed down interactions with any kind of computer or engineering equipment completely ruined any kind of immersion for me personally) That's seriously as much gameplay as there is.The good parts, the Sci-Fi and plot is creative, the atmosphere and sound design is creepy, the lack of HUD is immersive and functional, the way you interact with the world is cool, and the philosophical questions raised are all well done. Overall it's enough to make my review about neutral. If it was a book or movie instead, I'd be all about it.But again there just isn't much gameplay, the most you can do is pick up items to learn the story, occasionally unplug or power something, and interact with computer terminals. Literally. The enemies are infrequent, simplistic, and easy to run away or hide for a second from. The experience is light-puzzle, linear adventure game with ambient horror thrown in, but nothing is ever truly a threat or even difficult.It's definitely becoming a chore to keep coming back to this game. Hopefully the gameplay progresses to something more compelling, or the conclusion is enough to justify all the slogging. I really feel like Soma would've been much better presented as a movie or short film instead of a video game.edit : I finally finished..... the ending that was supposedly so mind blowing.... fell flat on its face. I was expecting something that would wrap up the entire story leading up to it, or some kind of deep philosophical insight would be enraptured to me... but it was exactly the ending that logically should happen. And even worse is the post-credit ending, which completely ruins any decency of the ending that they chose to go with.... I'm impressed at how such existential ideas were presented and made so popular among gamers but overall I felt let down by the pay off, especially the way people were hyping it. And also that none of your choices really matter in the end. I'll say it over and over again, I wish this was made into a movie instead of a game. The story and sci-fi is interesting but there just isn't enough gameplay to justify making it into a game. I think a lot more could've been done with it in the form a film.This is the last time I play through a game just to get to the end. If you aren't enjoying Soma by hour 3 or 4 I don't think you'll like the rest of it. Go with your gut on this one. If you're into it you'll love it more as the story goes, if you don't you'll grow to despise it."
,Not Recommended,282140,31513712,Posted: 2 May,all,Leviathan,"I want to like SOMA, I really do.The premise is nice enough. You wake up in a scary place with little knowledge about much of anything. The atmosphere is building well, the gameplay flows well.The story is quite interesting, even if I have a problem or two with some plot points, but that's besides the point.However, after the nice build-up and world building the game sets out with, you're left with the gameplay, which to me is way subpar. There's a lot of walking around empty corridors, trying to see if something's coming to get you. Which often isn't the case.As for the enemies, I kinda liked the ones in the beginning, even if they aren't very scary without the LOUD NOISES they play sometimes. The hulking, broken robots stumbling about, trying to get you. The sad ones in the water, basically pleading for help as they chase you. The game falls apart for me when it introduces its more human, bizarrely mutated enemies. Especially the one that doesn't do well with you looking at it. Ugh. I just kept zoning out and got bored in my encounters with them. They're not even that difficult to get past, other than that it takes so long. They kept blocking me from progressing, they just play some noises here and there and then stumble along.I might be a bit controversial when I say that I'd rather this be a (gasp) ""walking simulator"" rather than a horror game. The story is intriguing enough, although nothing truly special from what I've seen, and I'd like to have completed it.All that being said, I'm sure that if you liked Frictional's previous games, you'll at least like this one. There's enough here to be the basis for a good game, but it's just not working for me, so I can't really recommend it to anyone else."
,Recommended,282140,18154057,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","It's been a long time since the last time we got something from Frictional Games, and so I was somewhat curious what would be different and what would stay the same, especially with this being their first game to also be released on a console. Thankfully, not much seems to have changed.For those who haven't had the pleasure of playing Penumbra or Amnesia, all of the games from Frictional Games have a pretty unique method of control where you use the mouse to imitate actions, such as grabbing a door and sliding the mouse to open it or pulling down a lever. It's sort of counter-intuitively intuitive in that it adds a great deal of immersion by representing the inherent unintuitive nature of our bodies compared to the telepathy that's represented by most games where you just press E to open a door, and it also adds a lot of tension to the gameplay, making the difference between frantically grabbing for a lever and pulling down as fast as you physically can to seal a door off from a monster and just running in and tapping a button. Every time they make a new game I always get worried that they're going to change it, because a lot of people complain about it, and I was doubly worried that it would be removed here due to it also being on a console. Thankfully, it hasn't been altered, and hopefully never will be.But anyone who has played a previous Frictional game already knows all about that, so how does it compare to the previous games? Gameplay-wise, it takes some somewhat unwelcome hints from A Machine for Pigs in that you have no resources to manage except health and your flashlight never runs out of energy, but despite the lack of inventory the game does still have a fair amount of puzzles to go through. But unlike AMFP, SOMA has a pretty typical Frictional Games amount of enemies to cower behind a box from, which was a welcome return. One noteworthy improvement over Amnesia is that the game no longer puts the game in slowmo to dump a narration on you every time you enter a new room, and instead spaces out the narrative in the form of logs and notes in a more traditional manner.The biggest difference from their previous games is that the protagonist is now voiced, and has discussions with other characters throughout the game. Some people may not like this, and I personally hated the idea when I first realized that he wasn't silent, but the main character grew on me pretty quickly, and by the end of it I liked his inclusion in the game. The dialogue between the characters does a pretty good job at balancing things out so that it's present enough to let you learn to care about the characters, but not enough to diminish the atmosphere or remove the sense of loneliness that the game builds.Overall, I thought SOMA was a pretty worthy addition to Frictional's catalogue. I don't think I could put it above Penumbra, which I still hold as one of my favorite horror games, but it surpassed Amnesia in almost every way for me. At $30 it might be a bit expensive depending on your tastes, but it's worth getting sooner or later for any horror fan."
,Recommended,282140,18166116,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Nope.,"A great story of the consciousness, asking questions about your very existence. IF you allow yourself to dive into this world (pun intended) you will be rewarded with thought inspiring decisions.This game is less about a challenge then it is about telling a story and provoking a thought. In my oppinion it is more of a Mystic game with some scares then a Horror game (which is perfectly fine).Gameplay wise it could be compared to Alien: Isolation. TBH i have no idea if there are variables in the decisions i made but the whole game i felt like what i did had an impact."
,Recommended,282140,18160941,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,«(MooP)»,"The mechanics of ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" meets with the tension of ""Alien: Isolation"" rolled into the atmosphere of an industrial theme of the orginal ""Bioshock/System Shock 2"". The story lacks at the start, but later on you start to understand more of what the hell is going on at the underwater facility called PATHOS-II, and yet still not knowing how you get there to begin with until the very end."
,Recommended,282140,18149227,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Forcenetix,"Hell yeah... AWESOME!!!. No issues, no crashes, no bugs or glitches. perfectly smooth awesome game :)"
76561198005772688,Recommended,282140,18151737,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Beast of the East DC United,"Just finished and watched the credits roll......This is THE masterpiece of the survival horror genre. Once again, Frictional Games gives a unique sci-fi horror experience that feels like Amnesia crossed with Bio / System Shock. This is top notch gaming experience, and one that should not be missed; no spoilers, but you will see, and do things in this game which you will never forget.Understand when I say this; Soma is the best horror video game ever made."
,Recommended,282140,18148538,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Stormy,"Man this game is so exciting! I am still playing it (that means I haven't finished it yet) but God I love it so much, Somatimes I screamed like a lil' ♥♥♥♥♥ but that's okey :DI am absolutely recommending this game for everyone that is not that scary. The specs are good, my pc runs in on MAX (you can have a look at my specs at my profile info).I give it a 10/10 for what I've seen 'til now. :D"
,Recommended,282140,18152902,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Zuma,"SOMA is a Horror Game that breaks away from the traditional jumpscare tactics. Thought provoking & suspenseful SOMA's immersive level design, amazing sound and gripping storyline will draw you in then scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hk6LP_Xc0lE&list=PLQXxdMEVsVZdEZaf_216IeqR6AXNry8IM&index=1"
76561197969553713,Recommended,282140,31240571,Posted: 19 April,all,Dwayne,"Very nice and atmospheric adventure with an interesting story. I really enjoyed this one.Graphics are well done too. I also like the way you can interact with objects in the world, but they should have done more with this particular mechanic imho.Recommended!"
,Recommended,282140,23768097,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,{SLURP}Legion,A beatiful mix between bioshock and amnesia.
,Recommended,282140,18148645,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lagknight,The last time I was this happy with a game purchase was with Bioshock.The only tiny criticism I have is that the NPC voices that were supposed to be multi-national were lacking any hint of accents.
76561198060411903,Recommended,282140,18156078,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,The-Questor,This game clearly demonstrates that Sebastion from the Little Mermaid's theory of life being better under the sea is fundamentally flawed.
,Recommended,282140,18156351,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,GUNrcTeR,Just awesome.
76561198063099257,Recommended,282140,18164586,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SAS Sniper,Ive played an hour so far and im really enjoying this.. if you want to see my first hour to gauge the game yourself vist herehttps://youtu.be/Loo_LGC_d3k
,Recommended,282140,18156729,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Shadzstar,Very well made game very creapy feel to it
,Recommended,282140,18157796,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Star,Imagine you took LSD and went under the ocean for fisting some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.10/10 best experience ever.
76561198096320930,Recommended,282140,18166414,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Captain Penguin,"Probably the best horror game I've ever played. The story is amazing and emotional, the concepts are dark and depressing, the world is so bleak and shattered, if definitley feels like nothing will ever be the same. And the sad truth is it's only inevitable that something like this will happen, and there will likely not even be an ARK to send up into space. It really makes you think about how this world will eventually cease to be and maybe all traces of humanity will be destroyed. A rogue planet, solar flares, disease, etc. All of these disasters could easily wipe the entire human species off of this world. It also made me think of things like the heat death of the universe, in which not only will there be no remnants of humanity, but there will be no life left to discover anything and not even the simplest of reactions could take place. All matter and energy will be equally distributed across the universe and nothing will ever happen again. No hope left for anything ever."
,Recommended,282140,18159232,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Gordon Ramsay,fun game
76561198108031310,Recommended,282140,18161978,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Captain Cuddles,"Better than Amnesia IMO! It deals with philosophy as well as horror elements. The underwater location is so dark and forboding and really plays well on the isolation feelings! If you love Frictional games and their work, then this is a cant miss experience. If you love psychological horror in general, then this is for you! You owe it to yourself to play this game!!"
76561197979700052,Recommended,282140,18157987,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Aurinkoinen,"Didnt believe that Frictional Games could make even better game than Amnesia Dark Descent. I was wrong. Soma is fantastic game, where more emphasis is put in the story than cheap jump scares. Feel, enviroments and pacing is done well. For me SOMA is GOTY 2015 so far."
,Recommended,282140,18161684,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,[OLD] OHFISHAL_Batman,Love it
76561197984799243,Recommended,282140,18153806,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Vallochar,"Simply stunning.SOMA is possibly my favorite so far this year. The excellent story is helped by the great sounds and stunning voice acting.Definitely a great benchmark for horror games and, imo, a True successor to the System Shock legacy.Did not help my fear of open waters."
76561198068471374,Recommended,282140,18154338,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Louis,Made me question my own reality 10/10
76561198029880121,Recommended,282140,18154169,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Killtaro,the only game that make me laugh then the next second♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants!Oh and a really good and immersive story!thank you frictional games for this chef d'oeuvre
76561198077591549,Recommended,282140,18152876,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,HunterZeWolf,"For those of you who have been waiting for Frictional Games to return and steal the crown of ""Survival Horror"", well then let me just say that they have snatched it back up easily. If I may be honest, the atmosphere of Amnesia felt a bit scarier than SOMA, but only slightly. The monster encounters here are more dangerous, adding to the tension, some would kill you if you so much as simply look at them. One and done. The biggest recommendation I have for this game is it's narrative drive. The story is a very dark and smart one, one that grips you with the haunting enviornments and atmosphere as well.Really, Frictional Games is back with it's latest gem of Survival Horror, you like horror? Pick this damn game up already! It's the best kind from the best developers of horror!"
,Recommended,282140,18153180,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,An emotionally unstable Tree Man,"This is Slightly different from Amnesia or Penumbra. But the games Quality was great. the Atmosphere was Chilling, the story is enticing, and the game really pulls you in and questions everything and every choice you make. I Recomend this game to anyone who spots it."
76561197971146222,Recommended,282140,18153764,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[V-M] Ziegfried,"I was quite happy with the story and the atmosphere that this game gave me, I felt it was well worth the money :)"
76561197996673411,Recommended,282140,18153803,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,LoS | Lolzerz,Frictional knows how to make me poop myself. Good job guys.5/5 would poop self again.
76561198055431037,Recommended,282140,18153079,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MrFuzz,"First off let me say something about me. Im absolutely terrified of the depths. True Depths. Like bottom of the goddamn ocean depths. I have a keen fear of Underwater Horror. That sounds weird to say, purely because it shows no context of the fear, but its like this. The game is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!! The Graphics may not be ""Next-Gen"" but that is such a disgusting and overused and pointless term so we arent even going to touch that. But the Graphics are VERY servicable. It seems to be extrordinarily familiar to the graphics of Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs. Next up, the sound quality. Oh my GOD the sounds you hear in this game are foggy but thats stylistic, obviously. I may have only played 2 hours of this game but i can say im terrified to continue. Thus far the Sound has been absolutely goreous. When your inside, the sounds are crystal clear and eerie, perfect atmosphere, and ambience to match. The sounds and environment hold each other hand in hand. Playfully skipping through your subconscience to give you a horror experience to remember. What else, the Story. The Story for me is great! Not exactly top of the line but its rare you come across a game like that. But the story is really really good. Amazing in my opinion. It gets you going almost right off the bat with a beautifully done opening sequence, a false sence of Security. Something Frictional is quite adept at performing. After you leave your house and stuff (Im intentionally giving little context to avoid Spoilers) you go to the hospital, after trapsing about for a few minutes i found out what i had to do then i got stuff injected into my brain and BOOM you end up on Upsilon Station. After you wake up in the Station, you are immediately met with this overbearing sense of Dread and Despair. You see a very Dark area before you as you stand from the chair. The atmosphere, as expected from Frictional, is stellar. Dark shades, blurry surroundings, mix that with the ambience where you can hear the entire station creaking and moaning. For the uninitiated, the Station if you cant tell from the screen shots is underwater. Well, under the ocean. On the seafloor. To go further i will have to spoil some of the plot. So ill end it with this for those who dont want spoilers, THIS GAME IS AMAZING! if you LOVE horror buy this game NOW. Expect a little bit of a slow start but an ultimately amazing experience. AGAIN WARNING!! SPOILERS!!!STARTING NOW!!!Okay. Upsilon is a Geothermal plant at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean. After slowly emerging from the room you awoke in, you hear the moaning. The entire station wailing in agony. Of course all Metaphorical. So you go into this corridor, and you look to your right and left. A hallway. To your left is a locked room. To your right is a bigger open area. So you slowly peek out of each side then begin to go into the room. then you are struck by the brooding dark atmosphere. This is a HUGE buildup for the game. And its so effective! After a while of exploring and a few jumpscares, well ""Jumpscares"" i use the term lightly. You eventually get, The Omnitool! You can now go unlock that door you saw before. So you make your way back and open the door. Again after waltzing about the station for a while you come across a Robot. Well more of a Machine. She doesnt speak but shes hooked up to the power supply, sapping its power. When you unplug one of the two tubes connected to it, she says something and you unplug the other one. She dies. But when she spoke to you after taking out one she said something in a VERY human voice. As if its a human within a machine. So you continue after she dies and you come across a terminal. You speak to a woman named Catherine who is at the station Lambda. Communication breaks down and you continue along. A Classic Horror trope, the communication being broken suddenly. But oddly enough Catherine is extremely calm. As if she doesnt know whats going on. So she reccomends you go to the Comm tower before she cuts out which btw is really close by So you go into the next room where you see a Well going down to the earths core. Again Upsilon is a geothermal Plant. So after passing that you are met with the classic sequence where you avoid the sight of a monster. But its a machine with this weird growth on it. It stamps around loudly so dont worry about losing it. You pass by it, pull a lever near the stairs, and you go upstairs and close the mechanical hatch behind you. Thats important BTW you should close the hatch behind you. As you ascend the next set of stairs, The machine bangs against the hatch and you continue along. Well he only bangs if he saw you walk up there. Anyways. You find out your in a brand new area and you must get to the Comm tower, of which is directly above you and accessable through a staircase right next to the one you just ascended. Unfortunately to give it power you must chose between flow control and an Assembly line. Obviously you would go with the assembly line right? Its easily sacrificial but when you at the bottom of the goddamn ocean you kinda dont want to comprimise anything that could be contributing to the Pressurization or to the overall integrity of the station. So an Assembly line, being expendable in this intense situation youd go for, Unfortunately you have to manually shut it down. So you go into the room adjacent to you where the line is and when you go inside...you find another robot. When you speak to him, he speaks to you as if hes human. In a human body. As you speak to him he explain who he is and when you ask if hes human he says ""is it the body that gave it away?"" And clanks his clamper hand to his head. Gesturing that he believes he is still within a human body. Personally i like him. He was a cool dude. Emphasis on was. This is where the difficulty in the decision come in. After you and him argue,  due to his existental crisis of believing he is human despite being a hunk of assorted parts he stops chatting and tells you to go get a doctor. Hes injured. Really he is missing legs. So you go to the left and you find a switch. Finally the ♥♥♥♥ing power. And here is the most brutal moment ive encountered thus far. This one moment actually made me feel bad. After you turn off the power. For some reason, hes still on, and hes sparking, and Screaming. Loudly. The most human screams of pain you can hear. I didnt really want to hear it for too long so i turned the power back on, which stopped his agony. You talk to him and he begs you to find a Doctor. But there is none you can access currently. So i turned off the power again, only to hear his wails. I turned it off again because i felt bad and he stops talking to you. Hes alive but he stops talking to you. I turned the power off finally and he screams and screams and screams. I attempt to ignore this and be on my merry way, but as you turn on the Comm Tower hatch, as you climb the stairs you can still hear him screeching. It has an effect on the player that your leaving him in perpetual agony rather than leaving him there indefinately. After the hatch to the Comm Tower closes you then stop hearing his screaming. Ill leave off here. This game is absolutley amazing. The part im at im a little frustrated with because it involves something im not at all familiar with. But of course it could also be just my fault. If you love horror games this game is FOR YOU!! If you like Gore Horror, Underwater Horror, Atmospheric Horror, Horror Horror, This game is without a doubt up your alley. Buy it NOW!"
76561198036928483,Recommended,282140,18153398,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Drood,"Was a pretty fun game in terms of being interesting storywise, not as scary as peple made it out to be but that isnt necessarily a bad thing. I dont have an amazing PC by any means but i can run the game on ful settings 1080p with no drops in framerate or anythign so thats a plus. some scary moments in there definetly, without spoiling anything sneaking around the thing trying to get you is very clutch at times. Sound quality is 10/10 really went well  with the fantastic atmosphere the game provides, reminded me alot of the first bioshock. All in all a pretty interesting game with some edge of your seat moments.Pro's-Edge of your seat momentsExcellent sound and atmosphereFairly well optimized at least in my experiencecontrols felt goodGraphics are good not amazing but good.ConsNot enough scary momentslots of padding e.g finding thing to go here then finding other thing that needs to go here.beginning of the story was a little weak didnt explain alot.Final score. 8/10 - would try to flush my computer chair down my apartment tiolet again."
76561198125077173,Recommended,282140,18153980,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ALonelyOrphan,Soma is a great game! played a few hours in it and really enjoy it so far. The graphics are really nice and the sound of enhanced footseps and freaky robot noises make it a tense enjoyable expieriance. The game reminds me of Bioshock with the setting and the walking around outside in the middle of the ocean. If you enjoy games like Amnesia Outlast Penumbra and other games where the focus is to keep away from the enemy rather then to engage it then this game is right up your ally. Plenty of things to interact with in the enviornment as well is a nice plus. I would give this game as of right now an 8.5 out of 10 a pretty solid game!
,Recommended,282140,18164010,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,luke,Fun times underwater.
,Recommended,282140,22869625,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Survii Gecko,"I wasn't screaming, I was just trying to summon some dolphins and whales to help me, thats all."
,Recommended,282140,18730052,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Berker,Great game with Amnesia's spirit and an awesome story.
76561198184465727,Recommended,282140,30231299,Posted: 27 February,all,jewel-cat,My review is this..Just ...wow
76561198149551183,Recommended,282140,18233261,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,RFM9,Simply Amazing game. Best game I have played.
,Recommended,282140,22158180,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,vctr,p good spookies but the enemies that try to murder you feel like an afterthought and not the focus of the game.
,Recommended,282140,31323015,Posted: 23 April,all,Ackooba,"Even though it was an enjoyable experience I finished without any great sense of completion.The story was okay in the sense that it wasn't anything new but it was executed quite well. Existential crisis was not portrayed as well as it was in something like ""The Talos Principle"" (a puzzle game worth the time).Horrifying parts of the game were lacking for me, only a couple of places had my pulse rise up while other times all I could think is that ""I have absolutely no reason to be afraid!"" . Truly, I wish I had ONLY played Soma at night to fit with the games atmosphere, I fear playing it while the sun was out took away some of the experience.Id love to find a game that could really creep me out and make me feel afraid of something, but, alas, I will keep searching for the one.Graphics are okay, id give em a solid 7/10 considering it's 2017, the game is quite beautiful yet some places were too dark for my liking and, due to this, a certain attack sequence towards the end was more frustrating than anything,Price, especially during sale, is more than fair. Soma should at least be 10 hours of gameplay making it well worth the price tag.Overall it's a good game and worth a playthrough!"
,Recommended,282140,27626935,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,skeptical (extreme),"If you're at all interested in games with strong stories, absolutely a must buy. I honestly regret waiting as long as I did for a sale."
76561198096318404,Recommended,282140,25884579,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kvaz,"Good game, my friends said...Good plot, my friends said...It's not scary, my friends said...Two of these are true.I died only once, becausethe Flesheropened the door.I haven't been able to go down the corridor to where hemightbe, again.This game has given me nightmares, really fun nightmares I would happily return to.The game?...I'd like to play it, I really would.It's a good game.It has:-Awesome graphics.-A fun world.-Things that make your skin crawl.-Things that give you nightmares.Iwantto play it.I justcan't.*Don't look up spoilers. I looked them up, andyesthere are different endings - but don't worry about it. It just ruins the fun."
,Recommended,282140,18191798,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,kakes!,this game is ok
,Recommended,282140,24054658,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AnaYo,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌th 👌 ere👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯 i say so💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌💯 👌 👀👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282140,18195192,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Wolfcl0ck,Walked through a doorway without a door while trying to escape a robot thing and fell into the abyss. 10/10
76561197972183407,Recommended,282140,18155023,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[UFO]Maade,"First of all, I have NOT finished the game, but I think I have played enough (8 hours) to provide an opinion.So let's begin, shall we. This is NOT Amnesia or Penumbra, so if you are looking for that, look elsewhere. This game is more like System Shock 2 without guns and RPG system and some puzzles added in the mix.  It's a great scifi story that asks a lot of questions, with great characters and awesome atmosphere. Sure, it has horror elements, but I feel that it's not the main focus of the game.This is a story about a person living in the present day, who has been in a terrible accident and is seeking a cure for he's injuries. And after he gets it he wakes up in bizarre place, with no idea where he is or what has happened to this place. I don't want to give out any spoilers, but the story starts up slow and starts to pick up quickly, and when it does... Well, I have been playing for eight hours straight, and only stopped because I haven't eaten anything since I started playing :)Now I mentioned System Shock 2, and that's because of the pacing and the way you find emails, voice recordings and other pieces of information about the ""people"" you meet and what has happened. The other reason is the atmosphere. You could cut it with a knife. You are all alone, in a strange place where nothing is what it seems, and you just have to and WANT to keep on pushing forward. You know there is no one coming to save you, but there is always that light at the end of the tunnel that pushes you forwards. That you just might make it out of there somehow.Other thing worth mentioning about the atmosphere is the soundwork. It's awesome, and I can't recommend enough to use some good headphones if you have them (And you should if you are a gamer). It makes all the difference in the world to hear the dripping liquid from the walls or the split second you think you are in trouble when you accidentally kick an empty can while moving.The gameplay is solid, so nothing much to say there, but there is one annoying little thing on my system (And judging from the forums I'm not the only one). It's a split second stand still on the screen when moving my character or the camera every few seconds. Nothing in the options menu seem to have an effect on this, and it doesn't seem to affect all players. And in all honesty, I didn't notice it at all after few hours, but it might be major complaint With some players. But well, it was released today, and I remember how Fallout 2 was on day one :)So would I recommend it to people? Absolutely, it's a masterpiece in what it is trying to do, and that is to create a world with atmosphere and story that just keeps you glued to the seat. Is it a pure horror game? No, it's not. Check out Layers of Fear (That I highly recommend for horror fans) for that.I'd give it 9/10 for ""Would other people enjoy this"" ratingAnd perfect 10/10 ""Do I enjoy it?"" rating. I have really, and I mean REALLY, waited for a scifi game that would pull me in it's world. And I'd say this is best attempt after System Shock 2. Sorry Frictional, you are not as good as Looking Glass crew, but you are getting damn near close :) Maybe you thought about having fans to add RPG elements in the mix since there is mod support? ;)"
,Recommended,282140,18258425,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Angry Bob,"Once every several years a game will come along that kind of does something new and fresh.  SOMA is that game.  Especially in the horror genre, where everything seems to have been done ad nauseum, I wasn't sure I could really experience that NEW creepy feeling that I got the first time I played the original Silent Hill, Silent Hill 2 and Amnesia the Dark Descent, but SOMA delivered.The atmosphere/setting is one that I don't believe has been done in games before, at least not in any meaningful way, and that helped add to it's strengths.If you have a fear ofthe ocean or large creatures in itthis game will terrify you in ways that no other game has before.  Perhaps that's why it really unsettled me like it did.In addition to that, the storyline is absolutely superb and deals with a doomsday event and the end of all humanity.  I really can't say enough good things about this game, you need to experience it for yourself!!"
,Recommended,282140,25623916,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Jonesy,Like Bioshock with guns.
76561198003771554,Recommended,282140,20388068,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TrashCatIsAmused@,lots of airlocks
76561198078208116,Recommended,282140,22481563,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,odoscoldbeak,"Differen't, Interesting and Genuinly FunnyAfter building a reputation of scaring the Weebie Jeebies out of us It was time for Frictional Games to try something differen't and I'm happy to report that they pulled it off.  SOMA is an altogether Lighter offering (Think of this as the Star Trek 4 of Frictional Games) that concentrates on a Story which actually makes sense by the half way point, there is no ""Open to Interpretation"" element here which is a refreshing change.Without giving too much away  The Earth has been wiped out and Humanity has been saved by having their minds uploaded to a ""Matrix"" style Database called The ARK.  Other People have had their minds placed inside various Machinary but have no idea that they are no longer Human, or refuse to accept the fact that they are now Robots, which results in some Intelligent and Witty writing and interactions very much like that of ""Short Circuit"" and ""Marvin The Paranoid Android"".As per usual the Humor and exploration is suplimented by encounters with various ""Insane"" Robots that need to be avoided not fought with, but these come across as more adorable than scary (with the possible exception of the one in the diving suit right at the end).  The reason they are attacking is never quite explained but this is truly the only weak point in the Story.  I have to say this came across as very forced, and indeed, seemed to come out of a completely differen't game.  SOMA could easily have excluded these ""Scary"" elements without harming the Game or the Story and certainly not the progression or the way it it told.The Scenary is by far the best realised of Frictional Games and has a Retro 1970's ""Patch Work"" look to it with Clunky Computer Keyboards, Wires and Huge Chunks of Circuit Board all over the place in the style of The Nostrmo and Battle Beyond The Stars.  There is even an adorable little ""R2-D2"" type companion that follows you around helping you get through rusted doors and tight places.This is an Exellent Page Turner of a game that holds interest to the very end.  Very differen't from Amnesea and Penumbera but Huge Fun."
76561197967668421,Recommended,282140,18726845,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Feanor,"SOMA is the latest in Frictional Games' horror set, following Penumbra and the Amnesia games.  Let me get it out of the way that SOMA is simply not as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent.  I feel its scary ""enough"" and should not be missed by fans.The main character is Simon Jarett, and ordinary Canadian nerd undergoing theapy for a traumatic brain injury.  Upon getting a medical scan in Torono, he wakes up somewhere very, VERY far away.  The story is obviously inspired from I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream (the short story, not the game), as well as H.R. Geiger's art.  It is complex and tragic, and worth the price of admission alone.  There are a few problems with the story, but those are my opinions and I will keep them to myself.Gameplay is very much similar to Amnesia - A Machine for Pigs. Simon is armed with only a flashlight and his wits, interacting with a handful of characters, solving simple puzzles, reading documents for clues and weaving around dangerous monsters without being seen.  This is simply not as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but is still sufficiently scary.The problem is that in The Dark Descent, some monster events were scripted for cheap shots, while the more effective scares were from the fact that you were in an open field of corridors and room, in which you had to solve puzzles while simultaneously avoiding one active monster in that area with you, leaving you at the mercy of RNG and the monster's AI.  SOMA has one, and ONLY one sequence that does the latter, and its excellent, almost in line with Alien Isolation, a game I am too terrified to complete.  The rest of the time, monster appearances are fixed, along with their behavior.  By the end of the game, you will have most of the monsters wrapped around your finger for the next playthrough, except ""that one awesome part.""  In this sense, SOMA is somewhere in between Dark Descent and AMfP, but leans toward the latter.I'm delighted to have played this, and I would recommend it to anyone.  Just don't expect Dark Descent, because you won't get it.  Consider SOMA on its own and you should be glad you played it too."
,Recommended,282140,22424590,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Aquamarine[TH],"SOMA is a true Sci-Fi horror offering superb frightening and mind-blowing experience. A famous indie horror game studios, Frictional Games, did a great job again with SOMA. It is a very simple in term of game mechanics but quite complex in narrative and story. You are Simon Jarrett a young man who goes to get his brain scan for supposedly cutting-edge treatment but end up somewhere else after the scan. The first half of the game is about mystery of what befall the main character and exploration of seemingly abandoned facility, facing unspeakable abomination. For the latter half, most of the myteries are unfold and Simon knows what happened and what he is facing but still the horror never goes away. There are several narrative elements forming into large and complex story. There are also thought-provoking choices that don't have any impact on the story or gameplay but raise big questions to the player about moral and humanity. Visual and audio in SOMA are really strong. It's incredibly atmospheric and get along well with the theme and serve the purpose very well. Most of the gameplay is about exploration, avoiding danger and solving puzzle to find the way to progress. There are many intense moments that make you wish you never start playing but it is quite rewarding when you can get through and the end of this game will leave you in a peaceful satisfying relieve. You might even looking for more from Frictional Games."
,Recommended,282140,18155126,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Weebaloo,"Don't let the enemy kill you. What happens when it does is terrifying.I am a huge ocean themed fan so personally i think the game is great. There are little moments where you walk underwater from station to station and the sights are great!People have been complaining that the monster isn't scary, but really I think it is just because they never got a good look at it. Is it scarier than Amnesia's mouth creature?.... Personally I would say it is about equal. Frictional decided to take a different approach to the horror of the monster in this game. Yes having something chase you down and smack you is scary... but isn't that every monsters job in every other game? Personally I find it creepier psychologically if the monster just stands there and stares at you. It is like Alma in FEAR mixed with the ghost enemies in Silent Hill 4 where they can't be killed and you best not get close to them. As for what they actually look like... well you can see that yourself.The story has been great so far. I still do not know all of the secrets and huge plot reveals yet, but what I have learned in the story so far is great. Make sure to read EVERYTHING when you are going through so that you do not miss any of the little hints and secrets about the game. Speaking of which, there are some very disturbing things you can find hidden in the game by looking around off the beaten path. Kind of reminiscent of the secret Ratman areas in Portal 2. Very cool to explore and search for those kinds of things.As others have stated, the sound design is amazing, literally what every horror game should be. All of the sounds were recorded by Fricitional Games and do not use any stock sound effects. They have some videos on their Youtube channel showing them capture some of the sounds."
,Recommended,282140,23936776,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Vohen,"I lift weights 6 days a week,hard and intense and by evening my hormones get so crazy that i get so turn on that i can't even sleep,so i play a bit of soma and i go from raging boner to sleeping with the light on."
,Recommended,282140,18227135,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,The Cooldown,swimsuit simulator 2105. Underwater simulator 2105. ♥♥♥♥YourBrain simulator 2105You can change your swimsuit one moment on the story.16/10 great.
76561198056927823,Recommended,282140,27522018,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thommy-thunder,i love this game so mucht
,Recommended,282140,18268868,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dr Bright,"This is my first encounter with the makers of amnesia.I must say that I enjoyed brown pants simulator 2015/SOMA,There was just the right ammount of monsters and puzzles to keep me coming back for more although the game lied to me when it said a certain monster was blind...it seems perfectly capable of seeing my flashlight,10/10.  Would ruin pants again."
,Recommended,282140,22611875,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TOBE,This is more than just a game.
,Recommended,282140,34665362,Posted: 1 September,all,Ferro,The endung was amazing
76561198064696544,Recommended,282140,26319468,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Parzival,Simply awesome.
76561198283977979,Recommended,282140,28952445,Posted: 2 January,all,Jeremy9718,This is an amazing game with amazing graphics and a huge plot twist.
,Recommended,282140,22308463,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,thefishstick,I freakin loved this game. There are not a lot out there that get me scurrred and this got me scurred many many times.
,Recommended,282140,22363133,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Rapskilian,"I just got into this game for my YouTube channel. Yes, kids I do let's plays just like the rest of the internet and its extended family. Honestly I missed that feeling of dread and intrigue that soma so kindly brings to the table. Like a teenage waiter, whom you just insulted. We all know his is either rob is hormonal sack on your food or even worse. I can only some up my 2.8 hours in this game as GIVE ME MORE. So before I post a link to my series, here is a quote for site Frictional games ""Well step aside bioshock cause SOMA just brought his milkshake to the yard and it's ♥♥♥♥en terrifying.""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4xGgdY7oII"
,Recommended,282140,18254684,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Usmovers_02,"Let me start by saying one thing: Wow.This game is special. It starts off... decent. Enough to keep you going for an hour or two but it doesn't feel like it'll be the truly special experience that Amnesia: The Dark Descent was and honestly, it never is. Simply put this game is... not... Amnesia and it mostly isn't trying to be. It's its own thing. If you compare this game to Amnesia then you will be disappointed. It's not nearly as scary at least in a supernatural kind of way. I won't tell you how it's scary beyond that it's atmospheric as I feel that would be a spoiler but if you accept this game as it is you are in for one of the best gaming experiences of your life.No... the games not perfect. Not by a mile. This games one similarity to The Dark Descent is the way it handles monsters. You hide from them and try to distract them while tip toeing around the level. This mostly works decently in SOMA but there are bugs and bad design decisions with the AI. This didn't happen in the walkthrough I watched so it may be a rare bug but one of the monsters stopped moving and reacting to me completely in one level. It didn't react to sound, light or me running all over the place as loud as I could but it just stayed in the door way I needed to get by. The only way I could get past it was to stand directly in the doorway and let it kill me, then when I ""woke back up"" (you rarely lose progress when you die) the AI would spawn somewhere else glitch still in tact. Made for a pretty not scary monster but this was only for one level.Another moster related issue I had happened near the end of the game. One of the last levels is very narrow with few places to run and hide. This meant the monster would frequently be absolutely impossible to get by even as it was patrolling. To make matters worse when it killed me (or knocked me out) it would spawn literally 15-20 feet infront of me and kill me instantly (you die after getting knocked out 2-3 times).SOMA is a game relies heavily on atmospheric and situational scares. There are jump scares but on top of being rare they are very well done. I don't want to go into much detail here but for this game to be scary you REALLY have to engross yourself in it. Absorb every detail, read every log, watch every video. Fortunately unlike so many other games with audio logs there aren't very many in SOMA and they're generally very interesting. Regrettably you can't move very far while listening to them. But taking the time and doing as much as possible will make what unfolds in this game matter.I only just finished this game about 30 minutes ago but it's very hard for me to not declare this the best story I've experienced in a game. I'm sure upon further reflection I'll realize that Life is Strange is still the best ;) but right now I feel that emptiness you feel when you just finished an incredible TV or book series (A Song of Ice and Fire better NEVER END!!!). I'm sure there are plot holes. This is a horror/sci-fi hybrid after all. Both generas practically require plot holes as much of the content is impossible in real life. If you can forgive such things this is truly a great story. To me the absolute most important part of any story is the ending and that just happens to be SOMAs greatest strength. I could not imagine a way they could have ended it better.The voice acting for the lead character did cause some eye rolling a few times. Same with the script. It's not an even package. However all key story moments were acted and scripted exceptionally as far as I can recall.I've noticed something that seems to be quite common amongst water based settings in video games such as SOMA and Bioshock: Above water, the water effects suck. While walking around normal open areas the water shader looks flat, water moves unrealistically and splash sprites are pretty bad. However, as with Bioshock, the moment you go underwater the game looks absolutely stunning. The attention to detail in SOMA while underwater is second to none. I felt like I was watching a scene from Titanic when it shows the sunken ship. That's exactly what under water looks like in SOMA and the way everything moves and sounds and feels so heavy elevates this games setting well above sea level (sorry I had to :P ). The more traditional graphics such as corridors and the like also mostly excel. One thing I would have liked however is higher resolution textures. They're not bad but they're not as good as they could be.As far as engine performance I was mildly disappointed. I'm running a GTX 980 Ti, Intel Core i7 4790K at 5760x1080 (that's 3 monitors side by side) installed on an SSD. While I absolutely averaged 60 FPS with very rare dips there is constant microstuttering from beginning to end. Also, while the game looks GREAT on three monitors and the UI adjusts properly to the extra screen space it's not perfect. The edges of the screen warp noticably but MAN does that peripheral vision help in a game like this!! I can only imagine what VR would do. Also there is occasional VERY BAD texture pop in.In closing: ****ing wow!! What a wild and thought provoking ride! At $30 I feel like I owe the developers more money."
76561198128469633,Recommended,282140,23309330,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,theedenstate,Yes.
,Recommended,282140,29234445,Posted: 13 January,all,dcuk,I would review this game but it made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and stopped playing
76561198081638393,Recommended,282140,18302327,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,gimlithehobo,Can flush the toilet in my bathroom. 10/10 better than my real apartment.
76561198118576927,Recommended,282140,18358263,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Reps For Jesus,2 spooky 4 me
,Recommended,282140,27053843,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slafk,"""TOTALLY NOT A ROBOT"" award"
76561198037314902,Recommended,282140,25957616,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SCARRIOR,"If this game was a movie it would get Oscars guaranteed.All i can say to my friends looking at this review, it is perhaps one of the greatest computer games out there. If there was a IGDB like IMDB it would be literally at the very top 10 probably and more likely second and third...If you get this game, trust me full price is worth it even although i got it in a deal.Art 10/10Horror 8.5/10Environments 10/10Story 11/10Technological Theory 10/10Twisting and eliptical story 10/10Sounds 9/10Graphics and textures 10/10Outstanding game!"
76561197968470997,Recommended,282140,25966072,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,info,"one of the most amazing games the last years.fantastic graphics, story tellling, tension, setting...there´s no point rambling on, since the whole game lives on story.don´t watch gameplay on youtube.you´d ruin the game for yourself"
76561198093967678,Recommended,282140,18439502,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Reloaded,"SOMA shouldn't be compared to Amnesia or even Penumbra. It's not really scary, but that's not the point either. Story is its strong point here, and it's definitely better than what Bioshock 1 or Infinite had. It has its weak points, like WAU just seems out of place and is defeated without even trying. It's also not like System Shock because WAU isn't exactly enemy here and this storyline is barely even developed.As for gameplay, yes, that's this game's weakness. It largely consists of walking, running, jumping and interacting with things, and those parts are the ones you want to be over and done with as quickly as possible. Enemy AI is rudimentary and seems to always know player's location. I also suspect enemies teleport around, like Alien in Isolation did.Even with all that said, this game is definitely my GOTY candidate. Why? Because you're bound to lose in this game, yet you still win. Everyone dies, yet still lives. Have patience to sit through credits and you'll see what I mean. This is truly a masterpiece!"
76561198092171474,Recommended,282140,29930573,Posted: 14 February,all,PhanTasM,"Amazingly detailed world,.. creepy atmospheremovement felt good, gameplay was alright, mechanics felt a little hollow(story and pacing saves it though)loved the story even if it was a little predictable..if you love bleak horror narratives then this is your game.great Frictional game,..  stands with their other titles wellSolid 8.5/10 (if this roguelike had more keynote Frictional mechanics built in it would be 10/10)"
,Not Recommended,282140,31590150,Posted: 6 May,all,Zlakob,"First time trying a horror game, couldn't finish it. Not sure if horror games are just not for me or it's just this game, I did not find my experience at all enjoyable. Instead of horrifying, I find a lot of this game more of an anoyance.My experience of this game boils down to either ""crouch around in dark corridors that hurt your eyes and avoid monsters that will make your eyes hurt even more"" or ""confused about what to do because you missed an interactable point that looks just like the uninteractible things you tried to interact with before, or you didn't twist your mouse enough to simulate the real world action to activate it, and on top of that, no one explains anything most of the time"".The story is not bad, but isn't that innovative or mindblowing either, if you are moderately familiar with sci-fi.The game does a relatively good job at telling the story through video game languages, but nothing too spectacular. It reminds me of the vaults in fallout: left behind messages, last moment before a disaster that remained through time etc. I almost feel if this game cut off some of the meaningless fillers in the middle, it could make a good subplot in a fallout game. But as it is, I could not recommend it.Edit: don't get me wrong, the game touches on many interesting topics of sci-fi and philosophy in its story, and some of them might be really mindopening if you have never heard of them. Personally I have read and thought enough about similar topics to not be interested enough to put up with the horrible gameplay aspects."
76561198026764468,Recommended,282140,18471069,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Nyarly,"How to say it? SOMA is an incredible experience !The complex story with unexpected turns of situations and how it will affect you associated to an amazing underwater atmosphere is enough to recommend this game !So okay, it's not really horror though some part made me jump and there some really messed up gloomy stuff, there aren't many monsters (they don't have all an original scary look though creeepy they are) and they're not very bright either AND most if not every objects are useless, lots of useless places... but don't let that turn you down because you'd be missing out on the great experience this game can offer :)SOMA is a great experience for it's graphism, for the way it tells you the story, for it's atmosphere and the too rare setting it puts you in. Underwater based game aren't really legion and this well done even less (lighting and effects will definitely immerse you).It's the kind of game I'd love to do again if they ever updated for the oculus rift when it will come out! =)So, don't listen to all the hatred on the reviews, they might complain comparing it to Amnesia and such, stupid puzzles, not much horror, stupid monsters (some are totally blind, you can avoid another by not looking at it, ...) but I don't think those people really enjoyed the game for what it is... A creepy really well told story in an amazing world !In the end, it was totally worth paying it at full price but if you're looking for a game that will chill you to the bones with plenty of horrible monsters then you might want to skip this one.If you hate hide and seek games with monsters and prefer to defend yourself with heavy weapons, then again, skip this game ! It's not what it is.If you do not like to take your time with a game and explore every useless place to read notes or just look at the decoration of a room, then skip this game, you won't enjoy SOMA if you just run straight to the next objective.SOMA is a game with a creepy story you will play for it's atmosphere, the game doesn't have any replayability whatsoever exept if you want to learn speedrun it... Nonetheless, the game is awesome !"
,Recommended,282140,18151287,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ForceRaider,Crazy in such a good way.
,Recommended,282140,18152026,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Hubz,scary
,Recommended,282140,18154256,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ALPACASSO OVERKILL,This game make me puke but sound is so horrorby the way I LOVE IT!MUST BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!
,Recommended,282140,18154147,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Supplenipples McGee,THIS GAME ROCKS ALL DAY AND ALL NIGHT BABYYYYYYYYYYY
76561198001950937,Recommended,282140,18150168,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Aman,10/10 spook
76561198023216109,Recommended,282140,18150165,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,TpSlimigt,10/10 spook
,Recommended,282140,25904941,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,just eat my ass,kill your self
,Recommended,282140,28581191,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Spizy Chicken,"I purchased this for the Nudity, I stopped playing because of the Nudity. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,31169113,Posted: 15 April,all,Count Cuckula,"This game is like if someone took Bioshock, but made it an actual spiritual successor to System Shock and gave it Amnesia gameplay and an amazing, deep story. The underwater horror atmosphere is done really well and the puzzles were all-around simple enough to solve."
76561198006515832,Recommended,282140,18144858,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,^3Maus!,"What happens when you combine the interactivity of the penumbra series and amnesia, the industrial feel of the first dead space, the overgrown underwater sceneria of bioshock 2 and the thought provoking questions of bioshock infinite? You get SOMA were everything you know gets turned upside down then flushed out an airlock. Frictional games you have DONE IT AGAIN! hats off to you!"
,Recommended,282140,18155042,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Ali,"oH BOY LET'S FUKN GET STARTED ON DIS SHIIITrIGHT HERE. UndeRWATER ANAL FISTING THE GAME. HOLY FuUK SO GOODGO OUT THROUGHOUT THE LAND AND OUTSIDE THE LAND IN THE OUTER WATER, FIST AS MANY ROBOT CANCER ANUSES AS YOU CAN. tHE MoRE tHE MeRRIER. go out fIST THOSE FUKN ANUSES. NOW BUY THE SHIlT OUTTA SOMA. NOW. FaUK U.Fun Fact: SOMA stands for Super Orifice Mutilation Analhole"
,Recommended,282140,31296730,Posted: 22 April,all,™ Æñç,rummage click open pickup inspect blegh...
76561198014225008,Recommended,282140,32099238,Posted: 31 May,all,ngreenaway,"a walking simulator, which i tend to dislike...but interesting. thrilling at times, frustrating at others, the enjoyment of solving puzzles and a fairly interesting story"
76561198117271178,Recommended,282140,18149948,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,trenthwhite,"Only just started playing it,very creative,good story so far.graphics sre really good"
,Recommended,282140,20139560,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Samination,"SOMA is very similar to Alien Isolation, except it's everything that game should've been. I like Alien Isolation, but this game does it right. There’s a great story to uncover, no weapons, some puzzles, and a few monsters that you have to avoid. Some people think the game didn't need monsters, but that would've made the it much shorter and less entertaining. The monster encounters are perfectly sprinkled into the game and were always very intense. They don't constantly hound you and you don't have to hide in lockers or anything.I really enjoyed this game as the world felt real and lived-in. While the story doesn't have any major twists it does have many harsh, thought provoking events. You even have to make some tough choices. These choices have no real effect on the game, but maybe on your psyche.I’m impressed that they resisted adding weapons and repetitive shooting. I’m also impressed the Steam community has embraced this game so well. This is a good sign for video games in general.If I had one minor quibble, it would be that the game allows you to pick up many objects in the game for no reason. There are times you do need to pick up stuff and it’s made very obvious, but  It would’ve been nice if there was stuff we could’ve collected or something. I also ran into a glitch late in the game with the Omnitool, but luckily the game keeps many saves for you to return to. It seems to be a known issue that they should really patch. Long story short, after picking up your Omnitool, always wait a few seconds before interacting with something else."
,Not Recommended,282140,34216384,Posted: 13 August,all,birdproblem,"Soma Review: MILD SPOILERS WARNINGSoma is a game that flipped me. When my partner Carrie and I first sat down with it, we weren’t exactly impressed with the story. It does little to bring you in during the first 30 or 45 minutes and it took us maybe 3 hours to get into it. Meanwhile, the helplessness of the gameplay is a compelling mechanic at first and, like many horror survival games, having no ""fight back"" can make an unrealistic world seem much more present and real. Soma adds to the mix a horror-proximity mechanic where your screen goes from glitchy to downright unplayably distorted near certain Real-Bad-Folks and all this means, at least on paper, a can't miss horror experience.Somewhere along the path of basically non-branching hallways, the mechanics lose their shine. Whether it’s the 5th time you’ve hidden from the same baddy in a tête-à-tête that eventually is so rote it becomes boring, or you’re looking through the 100th drawer in the game to glean some morsels of story depth, Soma makes working for its payoff pretty lame. And every time something good happens in the game what feels like a victory becomes a setback. You get the vehicle started and it breaks down. You get the elevator going and it crashes. You open up the path forward and at the last minute it closes and you must find another way around. Soma punished us for keeping faith, and along the line we hid and ran away and wished wished wished this was a much more basic walking sim with some infrequent, terrifying hiding mechanics.Because the story - to our real surprise - became good. Not just good, but kind of great. The overload of confusion in the beginning expanded into a very nice, methodically thought out narrative of loss and sorrow and depth. The stakes were end-of-world level without being insipid and trite. Hell, it got us to finish eleven hours of mostly frustrating gameplay. And there are some fantastic moral choices along the line that really, really shine. Without spoiling too much I’ll say that people in this world can have their consciousness cloned, but that just creates two separate versions of them, and that is a wonderful idea to play around with in a horror game. The atmosphere of the game is top notch, and there was a real care put into creating a physical game space that told part of the story.But Soma feels, maybe more than any other story game I’ve played, like the designers are trying to slow your progress down for very little purpose. At a certain point our frustration was so predicable it became a bit of a joke. We felt toyed with due to the sheer number of times the game made us do an hour of busy work to simply disappoint us with failure. And though you have strong moral choices, they don’t seem to actually matter. You soon find that those hard choices don’t have any effect on the game, and that makes them much less meaningful. The end of the game is supposed to be a complicated resolution, and it does achieve this. But it really doesn’t feel worth the buy-in. If we had arrived there in half the time we still could’ve had all the story and narrative and been much happier.Like Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture, Soma is a game about discovering who you’re playing as, what’s come before you, and what to do next. But where Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture is a thick carpet of story morsel after story morsel, Soma makes the space between its bits of info a frustrating, mostly blasé affair – ultimately cheapening its horror hook and deadening the impact of its potentially brilliant story."
,Recommended,282140,20757493,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Agenta1999,"Frictional Games have suprised us again and again with some of the greatest, and scariest, horror games ever made. From Penumbra to Amnesia, and now Soma. Soma is a first person stealth horror game with heavy focus on pyscological horror, and philosophical questions are mentioned and attempted to be answered. Soma asks us the question ""What does it mean to be human?"" and sets out to answer this question on a level only those paying attention can understand. It is absolutely incredible in it's graphics, and caused me to go turn on the lights or look to make sure something is not RIGHT BEHIND ME several times. Overall one of the best horror games I have ever played, and one that is WELL worth a playthrough"
76561198072794505,Not Recommended,282140,34704016,Posted: 2 September,all,General,"Updated: Another good example of games being hyped on Steam. I have finished approximately 60% of this game and don't want to continue. Definitely not recommended.Cons: 1. The monster parts are extremely annoying, which is the main reason I decide not to finish. I was drawn to this game by its 'incredibly well-written story' as some people had claimed, but found myself trying to sneak past a monster most of my game time. Seriously, do you really know what kind of a game you were making, Frictional Games? If I were that into sneaking, why wouldn't I go for Dishonored, Styx, or whatever out there, why would I choose to 'enjoy' sneaking in a walking simulator? Oh maybe you want to keep that 'Horror' tag, but sorry, there's nothing horror, just plain annoying.2. The themes are old and the story is boring. It is nowhere near 'incredibly well-written', so don't let the hyping fool you. Human-robots, consciousness, human evolution...there are all old topics, which have already been brought up over and over in the past who-the-heck-knows how many years. The story is nothing new either, not at least in the first 60% part of the game. I don't want to sound aggressive, but if you find yourself mind-blasted in a philosophical sense in this game, you must almost never use your brain in your daily life.3. The game looks really dark, it makes my eyes uncomfortable. I understand why it looks so dark, but still, discomfort is discomfort.Pros: I haven't found any.That's it. I wish I had refunded the game."
,Recommended,282140,18144646,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,RIMPATIRALLAA,"Not regreting the 25$ I payed,so far it's awesome great story and atmosphere.This game surely is the horror game of the year by far.make sure to keep your headset on at all times kappa."
76561197968212484,Recommended,282140,26106337,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MrBananaGrabber,"Recommended, but buy it during a sale.The story, game engine, and themes are superb and the game is worth playing just to experience the universe and environments that has been so brilliantly created.However the use of monsters actually weakens the game, with a lot of the encounters feeling more like annoying distractions. They aren't especially scary or disturbing, and quickly feel more like lethal (and sometimes tedious) obstacles to be passed.One type is able to teleport, which just felt incredibly cheap, especially as the area it was located in was very interesting, and provided some story. Which made me wish they hadn't bothered with the monster.Another time I opened a door only to have a monster kill me, seemingly only because it happened to have walked to that area as I opened the door. So it was just literally bad timing, as it could have been anywhere.One monster is scripted and I died needlessly to find that out, and again, the way it was used just felt cheap and poorly written.So ultimatley I would say the monsters are by far the weakest part of the game, and distract (and irritate) you from an otherwise superb and brilliantly realised experience.The plot also feels unfinished, with so much of the backstory and character stories left untold. Which I felt were missed opportunities. I would have gladly swapped the monster sections for a few extra puzzles and discovering more about the environment and characters.Grab it when it's on sale, and hopefully you won't find the monsters are annoying as I did."
,Recommended,282140,18151408,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Voldemort's Nipple,this game is so good that it made me feel like I had to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥but when I arrived to the toilet nothing came out
,Recommended,282140,18151639,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,harmi22,gg would bang again 10/10 -my mom
76561198038973668,Recommended,282140,18145830,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,The Hatless Ranger,"A mix of The Dark Descent's best parts and A Machine for Pigs' best parts. Overal, it's awesome!"
,Recommended,282140,18151395,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,nobadino,Frictional got it right again. Creepy ethical feels.
,Recommended,282140,22859695,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,eco_nightmare,It's okay lol!!!
76561198065476211,Recommended,282140,18149226,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Utsi,Four Words: This Is a Good Game!
76561197970374960,Recommended,282140,18150321,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,U.B.C.S.Holygus<Qc>,Un vrai délice
,Recommended,282140,31124194,Posted: 13 April,all,Senseless Streaming,"While I didn't enjoy too many other games made by Frictional (lack of gameplay wasn't compelling to me), this game is an absolute masterpiece. The character feels relatable, the environments are sufficiently worn-in and feel plausible, and the terror factor is off the goddamn charts. Don't believe me? Feel free to follow my playthrough of this game on youtube, starting with the first episode!https://youtu.be/i7HH0j8Lr24"
,Not Recommended,282140,29731499,Posted: 5 February,all,[RRL] pussy_slayer365,"I love the concept of the game. I just wish I didn't have to play through it. I did my best to stick with the game as long as possible due to the fact how much it's get praise by gamers, but after the 4th hour I just couldn't take it anymore. Just walking around and looking for which next button I should press really doesn't apeal to me. I thought that this was a long waited upcoming horror game from Frictional Games, but where is the horror? Once I realized the robot monster (or what ever that thing is) is very easily avoidable and barely gives you any sense of threat (except for the first encounter) it just makes my motivation to play this game shattered, because there is no horror element in this game.FINAL VERDICT 2/5I guess you could call this game simply a walking simulator with a glimpse of horror elements and puzzle solving. Story is what drove me along to keep on playing through, but when the gameplay is dull as ♥♥♥♥ it just isn't worth going through the whole thing to even come to a satisfying conclusion.Message to the devs: Make your game fun in the firstplace since it's a game. Story is worthless if you are bored by playthrough."
76561197970538611,Recommended,282140,18224909,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Westenra,Like playing through a Peter Watts novel.
76561197970515822,Recommended,282140,31337881,Posted: 24 April,all,MADdog,Another Stupid game that tells you nothing on where to go or WHAT to do you have to figure it all out yourself like half an hour to push buttons a certain way.  It was only 10 $ the Graphics are pretty good. So i will say Yes Get it. if you REALLY have nothing better to do then play this at least you not wasting all your Time.
76561197985453476,Recommended,282140,18144397,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Adaon Rel,"I've been a big fan of Frictional's work in the past, and have had high hopes for SOMA. And so far it is delivering. The atmosphere is almost lonely - the underwater base you are stuck in and around seems lonely, dilapidated, and menacing all at once.  The plot that draws you in at a steady pace (so far), with all sorts of extra documents, radio recordings, and other things to flesh it out some more, while increasing the mood. I'm only in the second main area now, but I've been glued to this game since I was able to play...if I didn't have other things to do I would want to continue playing until the end. I'm hooked...fantastic job here!"
76561197971212272,Not Recommended,282140,35047700,Posted: 18 September,all,PanzerMeyer72,"The main story is somewhat interesting but I found the gameplay to be too dull and uninspired. It felt too much like playing a graphic novel.  The best way I can describe this is it's a poor man's ""Prey""."
76561198080420385,Recommended,282140,18148907,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Macruf,Very very NICE
76561197990325382,Not Recommended,282140,29119452,Posted: 8 January,all,lyh1,It just keep loading on the first screen on my desktop and never end.And it play on my laptop but not working with my external GPU.Too buggy as a final product.
,Recommended,282140,22477265,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheRainwildsKeeper,"Currently I can't play this game because of a really nasty bug. For details relate tohttp://steamcommunity.com/app/282140/discussions/0/361787186427926930/No developer feedback so far.The issue fixed itself, duh. Note: developers' response never came.The game is seriously great though. Also, best OpenGL graphics I've seen in a game so far."
76561197988924072,Not Recommended,282140,28323986,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Iaan,"In a single sentence: if you remove the monsters, and added in more puzzles, it becomes more like the Talos Principle - heavy on the undergraduate first-year philosophical warblings and light on the actual story development or characterization.All in all, I was immensely disappointed. So many glowing reviews, so much praise...look, you'll like it at least for the atmosphere and the set design. It's a truly beautiful game.But don't expect the story to be revelationary or, indeed, interesting beyond any other simple FP(S) survival horror - this game is more like Doom3 than anything else - some scares, some running around finding story bits and pieces, and a premise that is explained to you at the start, that never changes.I was thinking (hoping) it would be more like Silent Hill, Deep Space, even J.U.L.I.A or Myst.The Park, Silent Hill 3 (any of them really), or Alan Wake do 'atmospheric horror with deep, unexpected, unusual and immersive story' far better than SOMA.If you want a similar 'walk around and learn an effed up story' but without the monsters, you'd be better going with Gone Home and others.Also note that your choices have no impact on the story.Now, yes, people are likely to claim that what you do influences how you 'intepret' the story blah blah, except there's really no interpretation to be had: it's a linear story that delivers exactly what it promises - don't expect any twists, any unusual or thought-provoking insights (other than the simple Cartesian premise 'I think therefore I exist' which is repeatedly hammered into you throughout the game), or anything deeper beyond being scared, everybody meaning exactly what they say, and characters that don't change or grow."
76561198093719353,Not Recommended,282140,29309669,Posted: 16 January,all,iansarmy1,"This game has a decent story and setting,  but is a walking simulator through and through, and very indicative of the problems inherent in all such games. There is no gameplay to speak off besides a handful or prefunctory puzzles and a few monsters to hide from once in awhile. The rest of the game is literally just walking from place to place looking for the next button to push or the next bit of exposition. There is a decent framework of a game but no actual game built around it."
,Not Recommended,282140,29732280,Posted: 5 February,all,Starzonedge,"Good story, frustrating pacing."
76561198092476952,Recommended,282140,28543972,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Smelody,I r8 8/8 m8 don't h8 it's gr8. This is not b8 m8 one of the 8 best games cre8ed to d8All jokes aside this is a f***ing great game. The ending will leave you psychologically f***ed in a good way. I got it for $20 and it was worth every penny.
,Recommended,282140,18533509,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,T.w² | xCobalt,"Frictional has yet to disappoint me. SOMA is an intense and intriguing first person horror game that I just can't put down.The story is unique, interesting, deep, and over all, thrilling. The story is well developed, and the gameplay is enjoyable.Recommended."
76561197980899923,Recommended,282140,18142322,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,killbydemons,"This game.I'm a huge scaredy cat and it took me the better part of a year to finish Amnesia: The Dark Descent.  However, no game before or since pulled me in the way that game did...the story, voice acting, atmosphere, ambience, visuals, sounds, everything.  I can already tell this is going to be much the same based on what little I've played.Turn off the lights, put on head phones, turn that gamma down, and enjoy the experience.  Also, the controller support is great.Edit: After spending more time playing, all I can say is that it's really just great.  Don't do yourself the disservice and read too many reviews, this is the kind of game that's spoiled if you go into it knowing too much."
76561197993460676,Not Recommended,282140,28852637,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bioforge,"Game does not work, black screen even with the latest drivers :("
76561198078830918,Not Recommended,282140,25909793,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sheisty Individual,"Expecting a rightful heir to the Amnesia and Penumbra masterpieces, i was rather disappointed.The predominant pseudo existentialist tone fed to you all along the game...I think i've heard that4856 times whether in litterature, films or even games so meh...It's pretty creepy at times though but I've already forgotten most of the game, unlikethe giant worm and the spiders in Penumbra or the water monster in Amnesia...That's the difference.Not worth a buy at 27.99€"
76561198215502601,Not Recommended,282140,28133178,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,jzzyjay555,"game has good intense moments but isnt really scary (not a negative or positive just my opinion)Unless youre at full health which isnt that often you will constantly have insanely bright and blurred visuals and the ridiculously annoying as ♥♥♥♥ glitchy loud static sound they force you to hear nonstop made me hate playing this game. Its the weirdest feeling of enjoying a game and hating the fact that youre playing because of how annoying those two nuisances are.The stealth is super god damn slow and boring and repetitive as hell. You will literally be forced to wait several minutes for monsters to move because the ai is crap. Making sounds by throwing objects doesnt work correctly or have them react or move towards noises at all ( i literally spent several minutes testing this and banging a wrench/ throwing objects right next to most monsters with no effect). I had to constantly use my flashlight for them to start chasing me away from where they were blocking my progress because they do not want to move unless youre right in there face.I spent over an hour doing something that i couldve finished in 10-20 minutes: There is this mission towards 70% into the game where you have to do a lot of stealth because there is two monsters that will always be in your way in this very very dark area with really poor visibilty (WAY worst if injured) within tight hallways: you have zero hints and are suppose to find a type of chip or battery. These chips have always been on desks next to computers and batteries are always obvious, I searched for over an hour in every area it would most likey be, this ♥♥♥♥ing chip was inside of a type of panel you have never been able to interact with and will never ineract with ever again, and the panel itself doesnt look or give any feeling that its important and that you could even open it it literally looks just like the hundreds of other panels that couldnt be interacted with that youve always seen as decorations.Positive: Really cool entertaining story and a really enjoyable ending. It has amazing graphics if youre at full health but really annoying bad blurred visuals when youre not which is like 70% of the time. It made the gameplay a lot worst and didnt make it scarier or more atmospheric.Completely Ignoring my 3rd reason i would rate the game 6/10 which is sad because i would have loved the poop out of this game if it wasnt for my first 2 reasons which i would mostly likey say 8-9/10."
76561198114111541,Not Recommended,282140,29204248,Posted: 12 January,all,ggoldator,"I really want to give Soma a positive review.  It has a good story, good voice acting, decent pacing, interesting environments and nice atmosphere.  I bought it on sale and it's worth the discounted price.  HOWEVER - on Mac it is seriously broken!  There are a number of discussions online about this, but all underwater scenes have serious rendering problems.  Anytime you are outside the station, the levels are practically unplayable.  I was able to limp through them with the help of a walkthrough, so I knew which direction to go and what to look for.  It gets progressively worse and ruins the experience.  It's a shame that a technical issue undermines a good game."
76561198088572426,Not Recommended,282140,25942205,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Double Facepalm,"Feels like a cross between the Talos Principle and Alien:Isolation. It's a good game but I have to give it thumbs down.Finished it in about 12 hours, but at least one third of the time was extremely boring. Either walking / running long distances, being lost without a map in dark environments or waiting for the hostlile creatures to move away.If you get it in discount then go for it but it's not worth the full price in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,282140,24443966,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Creamium,"I wish I could do a neutral review, because this was a complex experience. I'd definitely recommend this game for the story and overall atmosphere. The themes aren't as original as others would lead you to believe, but SOMA's story is very thought-provoking and memorable nonetheless. The other elements in the game are... not as strong.The monster encounters were a major problem for me. Not that they were too scary, on the contrary. I beat Alien: Isolation right before starting SOMA, and that really brings the outdated and terrible monster mechanics to light. The Alien in Isolation is a real and unpredictable threat that you can't kill, but distraction and evasion make these encounters tense and horrifying (helped by the godlike sound design). Bottom line: you have a lot of options when facing it.The monster mechanic in SOMA however feels extremely dated and is more annoying than anything. First there's the designs of all the creatures, which are not imposing or threatening at all (even though this is the intention). Some of the monsters scuttling towards me served more as unintentional comedy than anything else. You'll eventually get hit though, but you can retry from that point onwards. Good news right? Well not exactly, because in a wounded state your sight gets impaired, you limp and the screen gets filled with distracting effects. So sometimes an escape gets difficult because of this retry system. Luckily there are healing points in some places. Still, the monster encounters feel extremely limited and one-sided, because your only options are running, evading, or hiding in a corner hoping you don't get seen.So if you want to get the most out of SOMA, I'd actually recommend the 'wuss mode' (ugh) mod, which disables enemy hits. I played through the vanilla version, but if I'd ever replay it, I'd do it with the mod enabled. It's obvious this team handles story and characterization better, I find it odd that they still cling to this outdated Amnesia monster mechanic. It's like they forced themselves to include it, because they felt the game needed tension. I agree with thegaming age reviewin that sense:  ""Their strong suit may have been in horror at some point, but sometimes moving forward means leaving something behind. In the case of SOMA, they've traversed far into the future without leaving the past where it lies.""Had they ditched this, they could've invested more in the puzzles, which were for the most part pretty entertaining and never too hard or frustrating. I'd rather have more puzzles than a half baked revolving door of monsters.So ultimately I decided to grade based on the vanilla version, where I found that the terrible monster sections dragged the entire experience down. If you're okay with these, or decide to try out that mod, I'd easily recommend it. The sci-fi tale and its ending will likely stick with you for a while. I definitely felt like reading up on it after I was done. Play this if you're a fan of Moon, Ex-machina, Blade Runner or the work of Philip K. D1ck."
76561198015418294,Not Recommended,282140,31284358,Posted: 21 April,all,r00k3ry9,"I see all these thumbs up but I have not had a good experience with SOMA at all. First, the head bob eventually makes me ill. I can play for ten to thirty minutes but eventually I get motion sickness. Secondly, I must not understand the monsters because they can always either see or hear me, even if I am hiding. Especially the wierd glowing head monsters in Lambda station.Lastly, and this goes along with the first, Unplugging the reactor cores summons a glowing head mob who chases you through the ship. No chance to hide or outrun so good luck remembering where to go. Underwater, head bobbing, wierd visual effects...after the third naseau inducing death, the monster is no longer scary. And the horror is gone. Replaced with annoyance.Is the story interesting? Yes. Is it scary in spots? Also yes. If you loved the other Penumbra games you'll probably like this one but if you have a problem with motion sickness and instadeath, which i believe is a part of these games, you might want to steer clear.Sad too because I want to like this game."
76561198052278173,Not Recommended,282140,24904584,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,w.xscode,"No.I've been a fan of Frictional Games from the get go.  Unfortunately SOMA starts off interesting but quickly becomes too preoccupied with being thought provoking and trying overly hard to deliver a deep, meaningful story to be much fun.  The absolute worst part of this game is the monster mechanics and it has become so tedious dealing with them I think I'll go read a book.My first hour of the game:Searching every drawer, nook and cranny.Reading every scrap of paper, looking at every book and photoListening to every audio recording, reading every bit of information on pc's tablets and the likeFirst encounter with monster, not too intense... will get better I hopeStory - hmm... interestingGameplay - pulling levers, lots of walking.By hour 3:Drawers - nope, not interestedNooks & crannies - nope, not interested.Something to read? - nope, sorry, can't read.Voice recordings - nope, not interested.Monster nr 5 - sat in a corner facing the wall for 4 minutes - had a smoke, half a cup of coffee, while said monster was walking up and down the hallway passing right behind me.Story ...  yes yes I get it... why is my character Not Getting It.Gameplay - pulling leavers, lots of walkingBy hour 7: (and thats where I quit)Why on earth am I doing this to myself, I am boredSOMA has pretty interesting locales, the voice acting is in my opinion better than most games, but it just stops being any kind of fun very quickly.   Game""play"" is less play more tedium, pull the lever, fix the power, pull the lever, run headlong past the monster or I'm NEVER getting out of here, pull the lever, fix the power.I will probably force myself to finish this game as I don't normally leave my games unfinished.  Unfortunately I really stopped caring about the whole business after hour 3.Yes, it was thought provoking to a degree initially, but unless your brain operates at the pace of a snail you'll be all done being provoked long before the game ends - for the last 4 hours of gameplay the story has not evolved at all, all I've been doing is travelling from station to station fixing things to get to the next station... pulling levers and staring at the wall. Being underwater does not change the fact that I was... fixing things and pulling levers, sitting in corners staring at the wall.Can't recommend.  Once you start losing interest in what happens to your protagonist, you've lost the game."
76561198022326715,Recommended,282140,18142590,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Comman,Little different from Amnesia but I enjoy in this game for now... .)
,Recommended,282140,18143099,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Cloaked,"Custom Maps are back.That's pretty much the only thing you need to know if you're thinking about getting this game.They give the game tons of hours of play time. As of now though there are almost none since well, the game just launched but soon however I know we'll see some epic stories.Alright, now moving to the game itself.I played it for about an hour and so far I can say that it's awesome.The graphics aren't extremely good, they're alright, acceptable but nothing more than that. The atmosphere, sound and gameplay are the things that matter here however and those seem to be put in their right place.The story seems to be interesting so far and yeah, I'll be updating this reviw as I go through the game."
76561198088128732,Not Recommended,282140,29781397,Posted: 8 February,all,BossAssBitch,"Story is decent, gameplay and atmosphere were a huge let down though. Not scary at all considering it wears the 'horror' tag. Not worth the pricetag in my opinion and I bought it on sale."
,Not Recommended,282140,25328847,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Krexus,"SOMA is generally a good game with great graphics, atmosphere and storyline. However, the puzzles and riddles in this game can get confusing and breaks the immersion of the game. This is the first game in the past 15+ years I had to use a guide to get me along the game. Even then, pieces were confusing and I could not understand after I had the answer.The level design was not very spectacular and I got lost many times which is something I rarely encounter. If you are into puzzles and riddles, this is the game for you. If you want to enjoy the storyline, I'd suggest viewing gameplay videos instead."
,Not Recommended,282140,25879510,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,FiReWaTeR,"the game isn't all that bad, but i have to give it a thumbs down for the fact that in the description it says it ""will make you question your very existence"". the story wasn't that good, it was alright for a game but to say ""will make you question your very existence"" is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ so many reviewers saying the story was so good, guess they don't read syfi much.+the visuals and atmosphere are awesome+sounds are cool+creatures look cool+- story is alright- kinda predictable-creature encounters are ez-spent the whole game being told what to do by some chick on a ""radio"" and listening to audio recordings. (like every other game it seems)-less then 10 hr gameplay-not as freaky as Amnesia: The Dark Descent.if steam had a better rating system id give it 3-5 stars or a thumbs sideways."
,Not Recommended,282140,30227362,Posted: 27 February,all,Ocelot,"The story is what originally sucked me in, but the dull tedious meandering gameplay punctuated occasionally by an obnoxious monster and even more occasionally by an interesting bit of storytelling. If you're here for the sca5ry monsters, they're very few and far between and hardly engaging encountrers. More like obligatory checkboxes. And the story's intrigue factor peters out before the halfway point. After that you're running around underwater trying to fix everything even though we've been told by this point that the thing we're trying to do cawn't even be done. So i find it hard to recommend this one even with its highly fascinating story and art direction."
,Not Recommended,282140,29697730,Posted: 4 February,all,Byde,"Great History, bad execution.The game leave you looking for details in big maps, some times things that don't connect with each other.Although I loved the Idea of the game I can't recommend it for the full price."
76561198171126347,Not Recommended,282140,30317687,Posted: 4 March,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"This game started out great. The atmosphere had me afriad from the start. I was afraid of anything happening at anytime. The build of to the monster was great. I legit was terrified. But then, you actually see the monster. Im going to explain how I first saw the monster:I went into the thermal generator room.I went onto the broken bridge and that broke and I fell.I tried to climb the ladder and the brock and I fell.I heal at one of those weird organic robot things.I turn around and see the monster.A little disappointed because it was just a metal ball with blue lights and legs.Still scared.Ran over to the stairs that you were supposed to go to after getting away from the monster.Ran past the gas that will hurt you.Looked down.The robot is running in circles.Less scared.Goes back down stairs.Robot still doing circles.No longer scared.The monster didn't stop going in circles until I left the room and it despawned. I luckily could continue, but after that I was no longer scared of the game. I no longer crept through the hallways afraid of something happening. I no longer feared the monster. The game was ruined for me because of this. Please fix this. This would've been a wonderful game if it weren't for that one bug."
,Not Recommended,282140,24771062,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,jahvs,"The monsters kind of ruin the experience. They're just tedious to deal with. They're always placed in maze-like environments which are annoying enough on their own but then you add a monstor which you can't kill and you've got yourself a recipe for a bad time.Graphics range from mediocre at worst, quite beautiful at best. I'm playing this on a capable system with an i5 4690k and GTX 970I won't comment on the story as I haven't yet finished the game."
,Not Recommended,282140,32775046,Posted: 25 June,all,Imperial Knight,"I wish Steam had a way of putting the recommendation as neutral rather than a simple yes or no.SOMA has great story telling, great atmosphere, good puzzle solving. But when it comes to sections with enemies, it's absolutely BS. It's one of those horror type enemies where you can't fight back and have to try to evade. And it's terribly done. The sneak doesn't really work, nor does hiding. Cause the enemies can open doors and chase you down.I think the game would have been much better without the enemies. The devs filled the world with things to explore and lore. But you can't fully explore the enemy sections, as you are constantly trying to evade them. They can even sneak up to you while you're listening to the lore. Terrible implementation of enemies.Also, even though I wasn't affected, the head bobbing is GUARANTEED to make a fair number of people sick. I wasn't sick but even then I was highly annoyed by the movement. They could've just copy and pasted any of the 10001 FPS movements that worked.It could have been so much more. What a waste"
76561197992726570,Recommended,282140,18144987,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Markofdoom,It's like finding nemo but WAY more spooky.
76561197971292429,Not Recommended,282140,24456324,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,CapedCrusader,"Whoever thought up the idea of these creatures you can't look at should be fired.I am on the Curie, and apparently there's supposed to be a wheel somewhere to activcate a ladder, but I can't bloody look around to find it because there's this idiotic creature that you can't look at or he kills you wandering around, and he won't give you 10 seconds without walking right up to you and killing you whether you look at him or not. It doesn't matter if you are sneaking or not. If you stay on one place. he walks right to you. If you move around, you can't do anything but stare at the damn floor or he kills you. What good are visuals if you have to stare at the floor???Seriously, how the hell are you supposed to look around and find anything when you can't look around??? I didn't know you'd be borrowing monsters from the Hitchhiker's Guide. I believe it was the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal thatr was so dumb if you couldn't see it, it couldn't see you. But the character in SOMA is not even given a towel.I was having an OK experience until this, and it totally killed it for me.I may or may not ever start this game again. It's an odd premise, but I thought, OK. But I have spent the last hour doing nothing but cursing at my machine, and I've had enough.What's the sense in having this thing wandering around the same 50 square yards 24/7??? Doesn't it have anything better to do? I know I do."
,Recommended,282140,18144416,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,P. Barnes,Libera temet ex inferis.
,Not Recommended,282140,34693171,Posted: 2 September,all,Below average,first 30 minutes were ok. boring and downhill from there.
76561197984007528,Recommended,282140,18142497,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Guts,This game is really really good.
,Recommended,282140,18142935,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Malificarr,"Very creepy, highly atmospheric and a great combination of Amnesia / System Shock. Minus any weapons of course."
76561198362283601,Not Recommended,282140,31358125,Posted: 25 April,all,H₂SO₄,LOST MY SAVE
76561197971025777,Not Recommended,282140,29426869,Posted: 22 January,all,jan_parsons,"Didnt find it that interesting. Mostly a lot of walking around with a few hide from monsters and solve some puzzles. I guess the storyline was ok, but got bored with the game."
,Recommended,282140,18143275,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Ivanka Clout,I'm not really a fan of horror games but once I saw the trailer I had to get this game. Would I recommend this game? Hell yes I would! 10/10 would die the 20th time less than an hour
,Recommended,282140,18143394,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Modular,I've played this game for a little under a hour already and its amazing. visuals are stunning... sound is pure and clean and the atmosphere is built VERY well. this game doesn't result to cheap jumpscares to scare you... its more psycological !!
,Recommended,282140,18142822,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,BurntCornFlakes [CDP],30 minutes in and I don't wanna anymore.
76561197970086998,Not Recommended,282140,31606559,Posted: 7 May,all,gus,"+Interesting story (but convoluted narration), cool mood and graphics-Boring and repetitive gameplayVerdict: watch a let's play of it"
,Not Recommended,282140,31828691,Posted: 18 May,all,The Green Father,"Be prepared to incarnate the most stupid and obnoxious character I have been given to play as in 18 years of gaming.Revisit one of the most common tropes in sci-fi in one hell of a supericial and (once again) obnoxious way possible.Hope you enjoy long forced cinematics where the characters asks himself the same question over and over. Questions which can be answered with a clear yes or no after a tiny bit of thinking.There are a lot of uninteresting dialogues in this game. You might want to pass time by playing with your environment, like you could do in Half Life 2, but no. Somehow, it was decided that you were to stand still in front of a computer and be only able to slightly look around. Just slightly.Did you enjoy Penumbra and Amnesia? You might enjoy this game however, as it has the same gameplay. Don't expect too much, as the puzzles are even more simple, and the ennemies are more boring and less challing than before.You will be able to make different choices thorough the game. Note however, that it won't change a damn thing: the story will be strictly the same, only the stupid dialogue will slightly change here and there.Fine work aesthetically, though! Well, it really feels like I'm playing a mix of bioshock, dead space and some metroid prime slapped on a lesser amnesia. But it still looks good, and it's true that it's getting harder and harder to do original things in that aspect...This game doesn't offer anything interesting or new, has a boring and annoying take on a common trope, and is quite short too (7 hours for me).Don't waste time and money on that thing."
76561198020085437,Recommended,282140,18143296,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Nokzen,"Yes! Been waiting for this game for a long time, And its here! very well made so far, great visuals, great sounds and voice acting. Cant wait to experience this story and find out what the f*ck is going on and where i am, and why! :)Awesome.Started a playthrough:https://youtu.be/vBm2bVd_SZQ"
76561198190375506,Not Recommended,282140,26058943,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,jleanse23,"In SOMA, the environments, enemy encounters, NPC interactions, and plot immerse the protagonist in a strange underwater world. If you have read ""Starfish"" by Peter Watts, the environment will be familar.The protagonist awakes in this murky, frightening city, and attempts to escape from it. Encumbering your escape are overpowered monsters, item collection chores, and occasionally confusing level design.None of these hinderances ever serve to drive immersion or pity with the protagonist. SOMA is too linear for the player to ever become one with the protagonist. All the action is scripted, and the story is not very interesting. The environments are cool, but the game is too confusing to feel fun or scary."
,Not Recommended,282140,33405211,Posted: 9 July,all,BarraStoop,"When I first bought this game (while it was on sale), it looked quite interesting. The pictures of the game seemed promising and the reviews seemed to glorify the game. I gave it a shot. The story seemed quite stale and the progression of the game goes on at a very slow and dulling pace. The more I played on, the more I was disappointed. The game wasn't even in the slightest scary. Rather monotonous and tasteless. Definitely not for me."
,Recommended,282140,18143030,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,KurosPassions.,YOU BUY NOW!!!! WORTH PLAY. PLAY ALL NIGHT AND DAY YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥AND♥♥♥♥♥♥SELF YES
76561198012374319,Not Recommended,282140,35108309,Posted: 21 September,all,Le Cid,"If I'd known that I'd find myself in the same situation as when I had played Alien Isolation: spending my time, waiting, hiding, waiting, walking, hiding, waiting, watching, waiting, hiding, I would have avoided this game."
,Not Recommended,282140,24602577,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lsdreamm,"This game seems very good except it keeps crashing and I have to do parts over and over again.I am going to try to get through it but i might give up. The crashing is getting really annoying. My other games don't crash just this one which is odd.I can't really reccomend if it keeps crashing, but it seems like a great game. I think im far enough in to say that the story is pretty interesting, but obviously im not even close to done because it keeps crashing."
,Not Recommended,282140,35077105,Posted: 19 September,all,Punani Punisher,"I wish there was a ""mixed"" or ""meh"" rating on steam. It's not a horrible game, I can tell Frictional put some thought into it. It's just not very interesting...the gameplay is annoying and mostly walking around looking what to do next or walking around getting away from a monster. I want to know what happens next in the story, but getting to the end of the story is a complete chore. I cannot bring myself to play.I think I set my expectations too high when I saw the number of good reviews and how ""thought provoking"" and ""mindblowing"" the story was. Warning - it's not any of those. I'm probably about half way through and it seems to me the ""mindblowing"" philosophical part of the story is ""is somebody human even if not in a human body?"" i.e. is humanity limited to the form? Which is interesting enough I suppose, but it's nothing new and definitely not worth the 10 hours of walking and avoiding pointless monsters."
,Not Recommended,282140,33025311,Posted: 29 June,all,LDP,"PrefaceThis is a pretty decent horror and puzzle game, but I bought it for the story which ultimatly did not impress me and that is one of the reasons I cannot recommend it. Additionally I bought it during the summer sale, for a whole 70% off (which honestly I applaud frictional games for, they probably could have gotten away with doing 50% off and seeing better profit margins)I know reviewing a game based on story usually doesn't go over well but hear me outReviewFor many story driven games (or games which I am only interested in for the story) I usually just watch a playthrough online to experience the story but I decided the actually buy this game and experience it for myself for a couple of reasonsMany reviews claim the story is very deep and thought-provokingMade by frictional games, and while I haven't played the amnesia games, I have heard good things about themI figured horror games would be better experienced if I went through it myself and not watched a video of itNow I'm going to break this review into 3 categories, horror, puzzle, and story and explain my feelings on each of them as to how they relate to the ultimate experienceHorrorIf there is one thing I want to give this game, it sure gets your blood pumping, every time you see or are near a monster you are given certain audio and visual queues which you will quickly associate with danger, it makes you feel that fight or flight response in real life and that did make the horror sections very fun. But the problem was that despite each monster being slightly different and your objective changing from section to section, each monster segment felt very much the same, you just bait the monster away from where you need to go, then go there, maybe once or twice getting into a chase type sequence. Also I cant remember exactly but all and all I think there were only something like 5 monster areas, and while they were stressful, I would have appreciated more of them.PuzzleIf I am completely honest with myself, the puzzles were probably not as hard as I make them out to be but I did spend a lot of time aimlessly wondering around, trying to figure out what to do, many times I found two terminals I needed to use together in the wrong order and never made the connection I needed to, only to go through a process of going back through every option I have available again. It could just be me, but really the puzzle sections made a majority of the game boring a frustrating for me, the game really could have done with fewer puzzles, and more just exploration or horror sequences.StoryKeeping in mind that I bought this game primarily as a story driven experience, I have to say that ultimately I am underwhelmed. All of the problems I've mentioned before I could have lived with if not for how basic and predicatble the story felt (I just finished the game before writing this review, and was not intending on reviewing the game until I saw the ending which left me so unfulfilled I felt I had to say something about it). Before I go into details let me say this: with the given basic plot and concept, I actually think it would have been impossible to make a good story out of this games. I'm sure anyone paying even a moderate amount of attention to the story could predict the ending pretty simply.The first half of the story does a really good job of making it hard for you to understand what is actually going on, for the longest time I thought I was just in some simulation or something and honestly the concept is pretty creative, but once you're told everything about the ark the rest of the plot seems expected, there is a plan set out, and for the most part everything goes according to that plan. Especially after the scan and ""cointoss"" at Omicron, the rest of the story is pretty predictable (except for the killing of the WAU, but really that held very little significance to the story in my opinion). By the last 30 minutes of the game, I was already suspecting how it would end, and I was really hoping I was wrong because what I was thinking would have made for a very lame ending, but I was right. Maybe this wont be everyone's experience but in my opinion, it felt like they were setting it up such that you would have an ""ohhh it all makes sense now"" moment right at the end, but I didn't because everything that the ending explains I already had known (funnily enough your character ""Simon"" is confused by the events of the ending and Cathrine even calls him ignorant for not realizing things would happen the way it did).But you wanna know what the nail in the coffin was for me? The entire story is based around this concept of duplicated conciousness, which is very intriguing but, anyone who has seen the Black Mirror episode ""White Christmas"" (My personal favorite Black Mirror episode, please go watch it) has already been exposed to this concept and has likely already played around with the idea in their head a bit. In the end, the main selling point of this game for me was that it would be ""thought provoking"" but in reality it literally has not provoked any thought I have not already had.Closing ThoughtsThis is a good game, and chances are it is worth buying (maybe not a whole $30 but on sale for sure) if you are a horror fan you will like it and many people will find the story interesting, but in the end for me personally, even with the 70% discount, I don't think it was worth the time and the money I put into it."
,Not Recommended,282140,26053753,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Goyo,"I won't call this a video game, but a playable story.You cannot interact with anything but buttons. All objects are meaningless. All monsters can be easily avoided just not looking at them and croaching.It has no dificulty to surpass, there isn't a single challenge to acomplish, there is no location you need to remember.Everything is linear, but on the middle you are presented with choices that doesn't matter in the end. Very dissapointing."
,Recommended,282140,18142715,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Sansha Kuvakei,"Wayyyyy to spooky man, WAY TO SPOOKY, AND I PUT BABIES INTO ROBOTS."
,Not Recommended,282140,24099605,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Forensick,"Pros:- Amazing engine tech, looks and runs great- 1440p@60 on a 970- Pretty cool storyCons:- It's not what you're thinking. There is no dread or horror, figuratively zero, I'm serious. It's 70% walking simulator, 15% ""puzzles"" and 15% ridiculously awful hide-and-seek gameplay for no reason.- Even in 5.1 the dialog mix requires subtitles or you won't be able to understand the majority of conversations.- If you're playing on a TV or something above the game's resolution, you have to jump through a bunch of Windows loops to get the game to display in fullscreen (changing the DPI/zoom to 100%).Overall:I'm not mad that I played this game and was surprised it was around ten hours long. It was nothing like I was hoping for though coming from the studio who made Amnesia. Again, I completely appreciate the tech behind this game, but as an actual video game, I was left disappointed."
76561198136340185,Not Recommended,282140,34405583,Posted: 21 August,all,soupy70,"Game is linear, stealth isn't particluarly challenging, protagonists are unlikeable, moral choices have no impact, no replay value since there's only one ending.  Still has the scaling bug. Paid about $10, would refund if I could."
,Not Recommended,282140,18792954,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Bampalicious♥,"I really dislike games that make me feel like an idiot, and sadly SOMA is one of those games.While some people enjoy wandering around the ocean floor looking for whatever switch or ladder you're supposed to find, I am not one of them. Sure, I don't want the game to hold my hand all the time but it always feels like I've missed some instruction in SOMA and I have no idea what I'm even supposed to be looking for, not to mention what I'm actually doing there in the first place. Not only do I feel like an idiot when I finally find the switch, computer, ladder or [insert random object] I'm looking for, I also understand LESS of why I was even looking for it in the first place.That is not a gratifying experience.I might have played it the wrong way by sneaking around and generally avoiding areas with monsters, but I doubt that you’d be running around like some Yolo Swaggins if your main goal is to survive. It’s a survival horror game for crying out loud.Also, I don't understand what's supposed to be scary about SOMA. Is it the supposed ideas you should be getting about existentialism, or the more annoying than scary monsters? After finishing the game, I don't know. Apart from a few jump scares and a pretty cool ocean floor sequence (among many uncool sequences) towards the end, the game simply isn't scary. There is nothing in the story to make up for this lack of tension either. While the voice acting is superb and I liked the idea of the data buffers left behind by the people who lived there, I don't really feel anything for the people who are talking to me from a century ago. There is no real explanation of what ACTUALLY happened (other than a few fragments in files and references from NPCs) that I've been able to find and they don't even let you play through any of the events leading up to the main part game (apart from the prologue/tutorial). The only thing I got is a dream sequence for about a minute that makes even less sense than the rest of the game. Still, it could be that I’ve missed vital clues that are supposed to reveal more stuff. Or maybe I’m just an idiot. Either way I don’t get it. At all.Why are the monsters not scary? Well, because they are mostly roadblocks rather than monsters. They make enough noise to phone in exactly where they are and their behaviour is ridiculously predictable for all but a few of them. And why are they annoying? Well because they tend to alternate between super monsters with night vision to completely deaf, dumb and blind walking roadblocks. I’ve had the same monster see me in the shadows and knock me down, only to stand right next to me moments later without noticing me. I don’t know if that’s a feature, but moments like that kills the mood and immersion immediately. After that point I just laughed, or sighed, in the face of every moaning roadblock throughout the rest of the game. It’s also extremely easy to avoid most of them (bar one with x-ray vision and motion sensors) by running into a corner and leaning out. At one point I managed to trigger the same sequence three times and avoided the monster by doing the exact same thing. Out of spite I did it a few more times only to have the same thing happen each and every time.Now, things are not all bad. The environments are really cool and well made (especially the interior designs) and the game sounds really good with some really good sound effects and voice acting. I enjoyed rummaging through computers, living chambers etc. in monsterless areas and just looking at the fish the first time I ventured out into the ocean. Still, the ocean walks become just as tedious and laborsome as the rest of the game once you’ve done them for the umpteenth time.Mechanically the game uses similar controls to the ones found in Amnesia, and they mostly work well. It does create a bit of stress and tension when you have to assemble a component by actually putting the pieces together using the mouse and keyboard (or controller), but it can also be extremely frustrating due to some inaccurate triggers where you are close, but not close enough, to initiate or complete an action. Besides that I did enjoy the interactive controls and the different puzzles. It was surprisingly fun to plug in cables and pull down pipes in order to progress in the gameOne thing I do like is the fact that you don’t die the first time you get caught by a monster, instead you get knocked down, the monster moves away and you have the chance to move on or find one of the brain-like things that work as health packs. It’s a nice feature for a game where you can’t fight back. But just like everything else in this game, nothing good without bad. I don’t know why, but sometimes you die the second time you get caught and sometimes you don’t. This COULD be based on how many times you’ve died (for example dying repeatedly to the same monster) but at one point I got caught in a sequence of getting knocked down, waking up, getting knocked down, waking up for a good 2 to 3 minutes before I actually died and I respawned at the checkpoint which just ruined the experience even more for me.Also, the fish towards the end of the game are some of the most annoying “enemies” I’ve ever encountered, in any game.While the game has a kind of nice idea of having the main character talk and “think” for himself, he’s not a very likeable person and I found him annoying, whiny and even more clueless than myself. When faced with moral choices he sometimes displays multiple personalities where he at first supports one course of action (or at least that’s what it feels like), only to whine and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about it after going through with it while at another point he just seems to not give a ♥♥♥♥ at all. He also seems to be suffering from either senility or just being extremely thick, considering he either forgets or refuses to understand something that’s been explained to him on multiple occasions. I suppose that it’s done on purpose for some reason, probably to further question your “humanity” or existence, but I merely found it confusing and somewhat annoying.To be completely honest, I was expecting a lot more horror from the story itself through audio logs and flashbacks to the past where you got to experience the events that led to the situation you find yourself in as well as feeling more “hunted” by the monsters. I was also expecting much more of a reveal of who, or what, you actually are in the game. Instead I was “forced” to just sneak around dodging roadblocks while finding the next switch to pull, all the while thinking to myself “when will this end?” and the big reveal wasn’t very big or much of a reveal at all. While I did get scared a few times, it just wasn’t enough and I never found myself being truly engaged by the story or afraid of what might happen to me.I did enjoy the ending, not only because the game was over, but because it was pretty clever so if you make it through the game the ending is kind of worth it.To conclude: I feel the game could’ve worked better as a pure exploration game with the horror story told through sound, writing and flashbacks that lets your mind come up with even scarier scenarios. Pretty much the way a lot of the stuff is done in Amnesia, or in a good book for that matter. Sure, your mileage may wary depending on how you play the game and what you find and I likely missed things that others found but all in all I was very disappointed.While I at first wanted to call it a bad game I now feel (mainly because of the ending) that all in all it’s a decent game with a nice idea that works in a few areas, but falls short in most and I give it a 4/10 and I don't recommend it unless you're a fan or just want to play it anyway."
76561198145764128,Not Recommended,282140,32137691,Posted: 2 June,all,FeelsGoodMan,The game was amazing for 2.5 hours then bored me to tears with the most mundane trial and error puzzles I've ever experianced.
76561198057510336,Not Recommended,282140,21055330,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Natural04,"I don't typically write reviews without playing a game to completion.  However, I also don't typically spend the first five hours of a game utterly lost with no idea how to progress. This was my experience with SOMA. The game couldn't have been more promising. It has a wonderful art style and the premise has a ton of potential. Maybe this premise delivers in the end, but I'll never know. At the end of the day, SOMA is a video game and it has to be fun to play. In that way, by this reviewer's tastes, it falls flat on it's face.Some gamers might praise a game like this for ""expecting more of the player"" or ""not holding your hand."" That is true of some games, such as The Legend of Zelda or Dark Souls. The difference in my view is that those games contain obtuse systems that become incredibly rewarding once you master them. SOMA, on the other hand, is a narrative heavy game that kills it's own pacing and delivery with labyrinthine level design and clumsy stealth mechanics.Perhaps I will return to SOMA sometime in the future. Maybe then it will click for me. If it does, I'll be sure to update this review to give it a fair shake. For the time being however, SOMA has left me with serious buyer's remorse and to reflect anything else in my review would be dishonest. I regret that SOMA, a game that seemed right up my alley, is my first thumbs down.+Unique tone and setting+Promising premise+Good voice acting-Confusing level design-Frustrating stealth mechanics"
,Not Recommended,282140,33364577,Posted: 7 July,all,Spooky Docni,"I don't have much to say on SOMA other than it's a below average game. I was expecting more from the game when I heard it was made by Frictional Games, the people who made Amnesia: The Dark Descent, a video game praised for it's horror at the time. SOMA starts out really slowly and its story starts being interesting way after you've already stopped caring. The horror aspect is forced and almost non-existant. Characters are bland and uninteresting, areas are boring, puzzles are dumb.SOMA is not a bad game, but isn't a good one either. And it definitely isn't a good horror game, and for that I just can't recommend it."
76561197976858379,Not Recommended,282140,32659598,Posted: 22 June,all,lawsoncl,"Boringly slow game play with intermittent bursts of paniced running and hiding from monsters, with a few philosophical questions thrown in.   Spending 15-minutes trudging through multiple water scenes was painful.  The enviroment is full of junk you can pick up and look at, but you can't actually do anything with it.  It's like the developers spent all their time developing the environment physics and skimped on important stuff like finishing the plot or making the game play fun or getting the game to use more than one cpu core. I feel like I wasted my time and money on this."
76561198061676986,Not Recommended,282140,31913221,Posted: 22 May,all,AraFin,I had the wrong impression of this game.. I'm not into horror and very very limited action options and tools.
76561198202190204,Recommended,282140,18142831,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,the Drunk and Lonely Gamer,"Took me 45min total to find juice, had to restart my capture a few times...Worth it? YES! This Game has n AWESOME feel and i cant wait to continue my series!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ln5lXOlcUd0"
76561198047691623,Not Recommended,282140,34763967,Posted: 5 September,all,Zanet,"Some games hold your hand at the beginning to help you understand the mechanics or the foes.Then there is a learning curve. And then the challenge increases.SOMA said ""well ♥♥♥♥ all of that"" and decided to put you in the skin of a harmless toddler against cthulhu himself.Not very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,282140,28458337,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,my banner is as big as ur mom,"I thought a game rated overwhelmingly positive who be overall a good experience. This game is not. It plays more like crummy ""story driven"" games like Emily is Away than a horror game and is a poor successor to Amnesia and couldn't hold a candle to Outlast. The enemies are annoying, not scary. You look at them, you're screen goes stupid and you say, ""ugh, k."" They linger in the only room or hallway you can go through and you wait for them to leave. You wait. And you wait some more. I got impatient and just started running past them, because they are only a time waster. It's not oh no, the monster might get me. It's oh, its in that room and its walking in a circle.  There's a lot of attempts at jump scares too, ooo I'm spooked. Jump scares work when you aren't constantly barraged with them. If you keep throwing them at me every 2 minutes I'm going to quicky become desensitized to them. I get they tried to do something with story, and yeah that part is pretty interesting, even though the trailer gives away the 1st twist in the 1st 20 seconds. It's incredibly linear and it could only keep me going for so long.> 6/10 Best science fiction story: games like Alan Wake and Outlast do it better> 5/10 Atmosphere: With boring unmoving monsters there's no real horro atmosphere to speak of> 2/10 Adventure: Hey let's go over there!> 10/10 Sound: Added well to the atmosphere>150/10 Too many jump scares> 5/10 Graphics: Let's make♥♥♥♥♥♥blurry"
76561198054756090,Recommended,282140,18142004,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Penguins R' Us,Imagine a first-person horror game that isn’t just another pathetically cloying scare fest. A horror game with something to say. You’ve just imagined SOMA!
,Not Recommended,282140,24939920,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,nicolelane2295,"Frictional Games still has yet to make me satisfied, for this game was a bit closer to interesting than Penumbra or Amnesia games will ever be. Not enough, though. Those 2 older ones were based on puzzles, some horror, and moving without creatures that really show the fullest glory of horror. This game, Soma, is given a 2.9/5 rating. Why? Because I wanted to see monsters moving in the vents. Scenes to visually (not just auditorily) show characters being killed by the W.A.U. instead of just touching bodies and hearing what goes on. Catherine going back into her own body except for a robotic head replaced, of course, could make a way for more than 1 character to move throughout the game instead of Simon the entire time. This Frictional Games could do that for another game to promote 2 people playing a game at the same time. So, this is a multi-player suggestion. Sorry, but Simon's attitude was cliche, which made him boring and annoying for me, there was 1 bad voice actor, and the monsters could have been more violent. Letting game players have easy, medium, and hard levels would have also been encouraging for me instead of having only 1 level in this game. Also, please do not comment on this review. I will delete your comment."
,Recommended,282140,18142283,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Amarillito1,"I have just played untill the first achievment, enough to get in love, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,282140,21624828,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Generic Player,">game runs badly>makes a thread about the game running badly>developers promises to fix the performance>7 months later, still no patch to fix the performance>makes another thread about the game running badly>gets permanently banned from the forums for ""spamming""10/10 Would make another thread about the game's performance."
76561197979246351,Not Recommended,282140,32428817,Posted: 15 June,all,ุ,The environments (apart from those at the start) were generally very good. The lighting was excellent in parts.The story was too explicit. The protagonist was too whiny for me to identify with. The music was a distraction (and it can't be turned off). Running around clicking everything got a bit tedious (The game is so linear that you know whether something is useful or not when you try to hrow it around). I couldn't skip the cutscenes.
76561197994565432,Not Recommended,282140,26512411,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Trever,I did not enjoy the game.   It felt more like a boring task to get from one point to another instead of something I should enjoy.   I did not like the environment especially the ocean parts I preferred the opening scene type of environment being in an apartment and stuff that looked more fun than the boring alien enviornment with random water that I didn't understand.   The creatures did give me a scare pretty good from time to time.   But I wasn't enjoying it and stopped playing it.
76561198129581148,Not Recommended,282140,24413594,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,bonnydas22,"To be honest, this game is wonderful with the Storyline. If you love horror/thriller with a good stroyline, then please go forward and giver it a try (BUT). The game is so badly optimized that it will ruin your game experience. It Lags, very low fps in every intense senario. This game is frustrating!!I would still recommend this gmae for its wonderfully scripted storyline. (BEWARE!!!!) no matter how powerful your rig/system is, this game will lag every time you begin to love it."
,Not Recommended,282140,20637759,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,StoicJ,"The main character spends the entire game acting like a whiney 3 year old who can't grasp the simple concept of ""making a copy"" of his brain and keeps thinking he is being ""transfered directly"". You get this talk and explaination 4 times and even the last scene of the game is him not putting it together.It's hard to like a game when you are trying to face off with the monsters head to head and plow through the challenge and he spends every waking moment whining and crying about how he isn't ""himself"" anymore.The game looks fantastic, the atmosphere is fantastic, the sound is right on, the story is right on, the concept as a whole is amazing and the puzzles(while there are very few and they are annoyingly short) are creative. The monsters don't make a ton of sense and if you manage at one point in the game to lock one inside a room with no way out, it will respawn outside the room and continue its patrol the moment you leave the area, which is mildly annoying since locking it in a room is possible.In almost every case the best way to deal with a monster is to sprint around them, get the item you need and sprint away, they can rarely catch you and you cannot be killed the first time they do. This makes the game feel like there isn't really any danger. Most of my deaths were me willingly throwing myself at a monster for the sake of starting over with full health.There have to be points awarded for the secrets in the game if you can find them, but they cant make up for the lack of actual danger and horrible character whining.The game hits about 50/50 all things considered."
76561198292631324,Not Recommended,282140,29312441,Posted: 17 January,all,76561198292631324,"SOMAis a first person view narrative exploration game, set within a futuristic, post-apocalyptic cyberpunk marine environment. It has exceptional storyline involving deep philosophical themes and dialogues. The overall experience I have had going through seven out of ten completion achievements led me to think this is my bestSystem Shockexperience since playingSystem Shock 2.SOMAis a disturbing game, especially in a cognitive sense, but it fails to be a horror, although there are improbable creatures and occurences featured in it - as much as we can say within this science-fiction certain things are improbable. Despite the monster evasion scenes,SOMAis far from action oriented. In most cases one will prove nothing with fancy platforming abilities going through it. On the other hand, there are stages where stealth maneuvers and quick escapes pose an important role, though these are directly the places and reasons why my enjoyment of the play eventually broke down.Monster evasion or chase scenes, happening every now and then - covering entire areas suggested to be explored - greatly spoil the quality of valuable meritorical contents encounter or even the possibility of reaching these, making the entire thing nothing but a nuisance in experience. Around the fifth out of ten completion achievements, I was already so annoyed with how the monsters stood in the way for me to enjoy this game, I had to take a break from it. After some time I forced myself to put all the efforts to appreciate the world created by developers, doing exploration along with hide and seek, which was rather a pain. At the present moment, the annoyance has reached an acme around the seventh out of ten completion achievements. I refuse to earn myself bad blood playingSOMAany longer. The monsters have ruined this otherwise marvelous intellectual journey.IfSOMAgave up trying to be scary by must and just let itself go into pure explorative immersion, it could be a more suitable game for myself. Otherwise, presently - minding it is a 30€ purchase - I honestly would disrecommend it to my friends or people whose time I try to value. However, I do recommend it to the abstract general audience as an overall 7/10 or even 8/10 worth product, to be appreciated for story, themes involved and interesting environment design. For you, imaginary friends, I recommend to move along, search deeper for something else."
,Not Recommended,282140,19404028,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Tempus Chaoti,"SOMA delivers great atmosphere and immersiveness in a story that depicts the collapse of an underwater facility after an ""event"". We'll leave it at that to avoid spoilers; the less said about the plot, the better, as it's worth the ride.If you're after a linear story and streamlined game experience that does a good job immersing you in the world they created, and don't mind a one-and-done game experience telling a very speicifc story, I'd certainly recommend this.However, gameplay-wise, the game can best be summarized as a ""crouching / waiting simulator"", as you move from room to room or area to area and almost universally simply crouch and wait to avoid the enemies.While the enemies are interesting at first because they're new to you, they devolve into an overused ""walking potato"" which is not fun to get around (slow, random) and cheats in its movement in order to create drama and tension, which in turn creates more waiting. Distractions and any interactions with the environmental props to bait and lure enemies simply doesn't work, meaning you don't have any options but to crouch... and wait.There's no inventory mechanics to speak of. You use items automatically when necessary and only when they're the solution to something. There's a few puzzles along the way that are fun for how long they last, but generally you're back to crouching and waiting when an enemy is around. The moments of pure exploration are really more fun than the encounter sections.If you enjoy heavily directed narrative experiences and are more in this for the story (and it's a good one) then this is worth your time. However, if you're looking for a GAME experience that has more interesting enemy mechanics and interactions, seriously play Alien : Isolation instead."
76561198038486289,Not Recommended,282140,26066410,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,VB {VIC},"What started off with good reviews and looking like something a little different, I was soon very bored with this and haven't even gone back to it after the initial playing. I got as far as some humanoid thing that just runs at you and kills you and that for me was it.Save your money, so far I haven't seen anything that justifies the cost of $20"
,Not Recommended,282140,26644839,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Klaywoman,"I try to pass this game which year, but my character is constantly stuck in textures. NOT SCARY. Infuriates."
76561198055870145,Not Recommended,282140,23808128,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ergamage,"Overall: I was torn about recommending this but there are just too many weak points. Soma would be a good sci-fi movie or book, but makes for an underwhelming video game.Good: Really interesting sci-fi / horror story. Exploring haunted labs and turning valves reminds me a lot of old Resident Evil titles. Solid graphics, excellent creepy ambient sound, very good voice acting. Pretty satisfying when you escape a threat. Learning more about the story through computer terminals, text, ""psychic flashbacks"", etc., is all quite rewarding and a good way to tell the story. Finally there's a sequence late in the game with a storm -- it is very very well done and your heart will be pounding :)Bad: And yet, what a missed opportunity! Ok first, the ""monsters"" in this game, and there's like 10, are unstoppable undefeatable killing machines for which you have no defense other than to crouch and hide in the dark facing AWAY from them like a total candy♥♥♥♥♥while you hope they walk by you which can literally take minutes. So there's that. I can see how without monsters there would not be enough tension... but why not offer some satisfying way of dealing with them? So anyway, I beat the game in a little over 10 hours and I believe I did everything there is too see. No replay value really since the ""game"" is 95% story. There are few big choices you make -- philsophical, interesting dilemmas -- but as it turns out they have NO impact whatsoever on the ending or how the game plays out. Settings early in the game... don't matter. Questions about your character... go unresolved. What happens after the game ends... who knows! I sort of felt I could see this whole thing wrapped up in a movie or even a 1hr twlight zone episode."
76561197979040798,Not Recommended,282140,30350696,Posted: 5 March,all,TazmanianD,"This feels like they wrote the wrong game. It had so much promise but I felt like it totally failed on that promise. While the setting is fantastic, the gameplay is next to non-existant. The game is not a figher or shooter or role playing game and it's barely an adventure game with little in the way of puzzels. There's essentially no combat of note in the game and the game is merely about hiding from the few monsters that are in the game.I was thrilled when the game started off with a ton on interactibility but when it all turned out to be pointeless, I was rather disappointed."
76561197977260302,Not Recommended,282140,22643676,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Wibble the Obscure,"Hmmm... I would give this a NEUTRAL if  could.Since i cannot i have no option but to go NEGATIVE - I would suggest buying when the price drops to $5-$10The 'game' to me just felt like an interactive visual novel. There were puzzles to solve, but generally only one a level and they were so easy that they mostly felt like they were thrown in just to add a bit more substance to the 'game'.The setting was magnificent, easily as awe-inspiring as Rapture from BioShock etc.The ambiance also raised comparisons with the Dead Space series.But in both these games you actually did something, you felt more involved than a button pressing tourist.The philosophical nature of the plot was a great idea but it did not hook me... I am sure a younger audience might enjoy a few ""Mind = Blown"" moments but there was nothing new or challenging IMHO.I played to completion but it is now marked for deletion, I cannot see why i would bother to play this again.However the setting would make an excellent demo for VR!"
76561197992461498,Not Recommended,282140,20141251,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sune,"10 hours long, poor execution on a decent idea. Gamebreaking bug near the end (omnitool stops working) forced me to reload an old save and replay all the way back up past the bug.Overall not super spooky, bad conveyance for where to go sometimes or what to do. Didn't get to ride in the DUNBAT4.5/10"
76561198067537456,Not Recommended,282140,23336446,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,NecronominconJon,"This game was too boring for me. Good story, would have been a better short story. Perhaps I simply don't like ""atmospheric"" games.  For the record I have liked story games where it feels like your choices matter like A wolf amoung us and stanly's parable."
76561198004384209,Not Recommended,282140,25950174,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,stevesim89,annoying and not scary
76561197998944478,Not Recommended,282140,20015415,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lumikki & seitsemä taskuvarasta,"After the first three or so hours I was absolutely hooked.  The game started off by raising questions about the existence and survival of conscience and human beings, but quickly the nice, immersive story telling turned into whack-a-mole with door buttons against some odd human-like monsters.  Sometimes these monsters could inexplicably escape after they’d been locked inside a room, or they would outrun you, forcing you to simply wait instead of trying to make them go where you needed them to be.  The game was neither fun nor scary, and the story simply had to wait because a monster just would not give up or walk down the right corridor after having given up.  Some monsters worked rather well (such as the one in the mainframe room), but overall I feel like I would’ve enjoyed the game a lot more as a walking simulator type game with the occasional puzzle (though the puzzles could have been more.. puzzle-ey).I have to admit, after around 8 hours of gameplay (I’d estimate I had completed around 70% of the game at that point), I simply gave up and watched the ending from YouTube.And oh boy, what a terrible ending it was.  Simon for some unfathomable reason still didn’t understand how copying a conscience worked, even after having killed the original version of his own conscience earlier.  I kept waiting for a plot twist at the end (such as the entire game having happened in a simulator, or Catherine being WAU in disguise), but it simply never happened.  After launching the ARK, even simply the text “THE END” would’ve been more satisfying than the lack of events we had to for some reason witness.  I can’t seem to be able to decide what’s more depressing: that a dimwit like Simon was “chosen” to represent the human race in our last-ditch effort at perpetuating humanity, or that some people didn’t foresee the fact that a version of Simon has to be left behind.  Props to Catherine for stringing him along all that way while keeping him in the dark, I guess.All things considered, instead of paying the 20+ euros asked for the game, I suggest you simply watch the 7-hour play through from YouTube.  You’ll get a better experience and you’re left with the same exact questions about existence and identity afterwards — and I quite like the questions I’m asking myself right now."
76561198034104514,Not Recommended,282140,26613001,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,FallenSw0rd,"I did not care for the gameplay, though the story was good."
,Not Recommended,282140,31369973,Posted: 25 April,all,-Adeptus- Niien,"The game was very original from my perspective, however I honestly didn't find it scary at all. The game was also weird and deep in that it made me think about the story though I just couldn't relate to it in the sense that I wouldn't want to be in a computer simulation of the same crap we have now. I'd be okay with just dying lol.I said I wouldn't recommend the game, though the recommend/not recommend is so black and white. I wish they had a maybe button or an inbetwen as I would have picked that option."
76561198197322226,Not Recommended,282140,22173629,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ianbeskin,"The game is advertised as a horror but that's really stretching the meaning of horror. If you're looking for a game like Outlast or Amnesia the Dark Descent, this isn't that game. It's a walking door simulator with a few frustrating puzzles. All subjectivity aside, if you're on Mac, don't bother. I'm playing this on a 2015 16 inch Macbook Pro fully updated. The game worked for about three hours, conveniently just past Steam's refund time, and then became unplayable. Everywhere I look or move, I see streaks of purple red and blue to the point where I have no idea what's around me. Even if I could play this on PC, I would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198002499144,Not Recommended,282140,18828343,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ColloidalSilver,"Overall: An okay horror game that becomes less fun as soon as monsters show up. I had technical issues (had to update drivers) which may have adversely affected my opinion, but I was just lukewarm on the game.+ Good at creating tension. Excellent sound design, neat water refraction effects, and claustrophobic interiors.+ Smorgasborg of science fiction plot devices allowing some transhumanism-based existential drama.+/- There's an ominous sideplot toward the end that is fun before it resolves more or less inconsequentially.+/- Impersonal setting makes the tension of the situation feel less narratively ""forced"", but also undercuts drama not involving the main character.- Main character is kind of an idiot.- Monsters are not scary. Detection feels unpredictable, they teleport around and gravitate to you in a ""this ruins the stealth"" kind of way.- Bad optimization creates noticeable frame drops and sometimes minutes(!) long initial load times."
,Not Recommended,282140,31255522,Posted: 20 April,all,Binary Daoist,"You know what; this game wouldve gotten a positive review if it's locale wasn't spoiled in the 1st sentence describing it on the store page.You guys totally neutralized the games ability to surprise me and draw me in, in that regard.Pretty stupid move.  I repeat: The whole game was spoiled by the 1st sentence in the store page.I would have found the game way more engaging and would probably still be playing it."
,Recommended,282140,18143236,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Satsujinki,"This game looks good and I was lucky to get this game, because it was made by same dev whom they made their game is called, Amnesia the Dark Descent. (Not Machine for Pigs, I hate Machine for Pigs.)What? I was hoping there should be rainbow with pony horse, instead they gave us some good horror. Still....I want to see some damn rainbow with horse!I suppose there should be pros and cons and....oh well, just for rainbow with horse.Pro:Good starterHaving main character to speak since last Amnesia the Dark DescentPretty good atmosphereGot toilet paper and defibrillatorCons:I screamed like a girl after I heard a loud as I noticed the robot was gone.No sanity, like original AmnesiaStill....no rainbow with horse (WTF DID I WRITE THIS REVIEW?!?)And here is my verdict.....is about rain- STOP! ok....My verdict is......oh well, I would've gone back to Outlast and Amnesia and they would comfort my fear after I recieved my worst experience from Outlast and Amnesia."
,Recommended,282140,18142234,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rhaegar Targaryen,I'll play this game more when I have a death wish.
,Not Recommended,282140,32213746,Posted: 5 June,all,Ravroid,Most of my playtime has been spent aimlessly wondering around trying to find the right door.
76561197985316695,Not Recommended,282140,20499539,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ch,"Game freezes & crashes & at the end the omni tool is gone & cant close door to go any further. I wathced on you tube & saw the omnitool used but in my game the omnitool is gone. WTF? My load screen is messed up aswell. The game must not have installed properly from Steam. Tried reinstall but startup screen still messed up. I even deletd the files in ""Steam"" ""Common"" & game folder. All drivers updated. Frustrating!"
,Not Recommended,282140,22718238,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Spare Tuna,"Idea is interesting. Execution is terrible. For instance, the very first ""puzzle"" is apparently to discover where an omni-tool is hidden in the room -- after all, the only interactive elements in the room refer to an omni-tool. It isn't until after  the hint ""throw things with the right mouse click"" that you get the idea that you're supposed to break out of the room (and this after you might have thrown things at either the console or the door-pad number-lock device in an attempt to break them) that you realize you need to break out of the window in the room.If the compulsive (and reinforced) action is to do ""something"" and the ""hint"" is to do something entirely dfferent, your game design has failed.SOMA continues to present this failure throughout the game. And despite the interestesting narrative and story, I cannot recommend this as a game.EDIT: Gave it a few more hours. Still continues down the same path. Relies on jump scares to detract from lack of gameplay between expositions. Yes, the story is indeed interesting. But the game itself is completely contrived."
,Not Recommended,282140,20201381,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Actually it's about ethics in ga,"SOMA follows the forumula of Frictional's past games, mainly Amnesia.  It normally would be a very tense experience, but due to the buggy nature of this game, I'm mainly just frustrated and annoyed.While checkpoints aren't too far apart, due to the slow nature of the movement, it is common for you to go 15-20 minutes without encountering one. There is no quicksave feature by default, only the ability to save when exiting.Any time you trigger some sort of event in the game, like pushing a button, there is a more than 50% chance that the game will crash on you.  This leads to multiple repeats of sections to the point where you no longer care about anything happening.  If you are a hardcore Frictional fan, this may be worth it for you, but make sure you get it heavily discounted, because quality in this release is lacking."
76561198031786447,Not Recommended,282140,22461255,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ddibner,"I am not going to mince words with Soma, it was so boring that I finally just walked away.1, Chapter one - Wished I had asked for money back rght there. It was all there to see. Terrible control interface both clumsy and absolutely non standard. Crude grahpivs, anybody tell you Soma has great grapics missed the last 8 years. How about this? How about you first chapter task is.......wait for it.....find your medicine and drink it. All this in an amazingly poorly rendered apartment that held no surprises in any way. Lets....throw the curtain open! Turn on the light! Open endless drawers and simply rendered cabinets! Throw back a shower curtain! Press a voice mail button and hear the first of a number of endlessly boring dialog...Right there, chapter one, all the signs were there. I knoew right then that this was nothing that was going to end well.2. Chapter two, the subway - T-e-r-r-i-b-l-e rendering, think 2002ish, don;t believe me look at the black man's knees. And the dialog.....boring and listless nonsense from a friend. CHarpter two....seriously....the whole chapter.....could have been cut out and nobody would notice.3. The doctors office....find......the door code! Its....SPOILER ALERT!!!!......in a drawer.But then...then it all changes! Hardly, the world one enters is disappointingly void of content and mission. Its about as much fun as staggering through your own basement looking for your other ski boot.Folks it goes on and on, Do yourself a favor, see the ocean in BIOSHOCK if you haven't as it so enomously surpaces SOMA that it makes you wonder why some of the SOMA reviews sugest that SOMA has something special.And if somebody starts saying ""But it is the story!"" ridiculous.....Play CRYSIS again and you will be engaged with a storyline and environment that is so superior to SOMA that THAT is the only scary thing about the game.A total waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,282140,23777910,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SMC,"Had some fun with the game and mechanics, enjoyed the scifi setting but based on the fact that not ah sure if this has any real replay value(tho i see some modding is open), which i have a great many games now sitting in my library i'd not touch again... it's really hard to recommend linear games (might as well be another book on a shelf to gather dust) based on this imho, i can't personally recommend and i want the devs to do better.Please make your next game more open worldly or at least open ended to a degree."
76561197997938680,Not Recommended,282140,29530074,Posted: 27 January,all,gigi,"For an Alpha game this game is too expensive: I got stuck twice in the first ten minutes of gameplay. Had to start all over. Then did what I should have done first, read the reviews in discussion. Apparently the game has got a real lot of bugs. Unfortunately I cannot get refund because purchased it a while back, now I guess time expired.DO NOT SUPPORT SUCH A BUGGY GAME"
,Not Recommended,282140,20478973,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,gunnas64,"this game, is so god awful. like, once i first started the game. it turned out alright at first, and i REALLY enjoyed the graphics, and story. it was amazing. then it was really intense with all these monsters trying to get me, and i worked my♥♥♥♥♥off to get to the next chapter. and SO MANY ANNOYING PUZZLES. and i hate puzzles! they always get in the way of the games story, so when i went through all that. and restarted my computer. because it was being slow, and once i get back on the game. everything is GONE! like i cant click the continue button anymore, and i have to start EVERYTHING ALL OVER! with all these butthurt puzzles and monsters. so, if yall know what am i suppose to do about it. please do tell me, because i dont want to do this all over again. and thats why i write this bad review to it. and do you want to know why i write this bad review? because this game doesnt deserve ANY VICTIMS like me!"
,Not Recommended,282140,20900317,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,zeff013,not playable on macbook pro
,Recommended,282140,18152051,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,'OnlyMe..,MESSING YOUR ROOM SIMULATOR !* minor performance issues *
76561197973528410,Not Recommended,282140,23407087,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Kalas,"A ""walking simulator"" atmospheric horror game with some limited hide and seek elements, puzzle solving and a strong narrative.I think this game is a bit overrated. Some people have claimed it's a GOTY contender but I didn't really see it. To me it felt like a slightly less engaging alien isolation but with a better story. There just wasn't enough game in there for me to recommend. I would say the sound and presentation are excellent followed by a very deep and engaged story however I was personally expecting a bit more game. The majority of the game lacks the fear element I was expecting as well.I was never bored but I did expect more.  I wish there was a ""recommend for some"" button."
76561198023212638,Not Recommended,282140,20830512,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Isaburo,"This game seems incredible, and everything I've heard sounds incredible (Giant Bomb rated it very high on 2015 their lists), but it's basically unplayable on my PC. Screen tearing and frame rate drops are pervasive, leading to a very ugly and disjointed experience.This is on a PC that plays The Witcher III on relatively high settings, as well as Elite Dangerous, Shadow of Mordor, and many others. Something's clearly going on with this game technically, and I'm far from the only person to report as much.STEAM: please implement mandatory demos, even if they're just the first half hour of the game. Players should have the chance to test-run potential purchases for technical proficiency."
,Not Recommended,282140,31237457,Posted: 19 April,all,Bee_Audeez,Game would not launch after trying ALL troubleshooting steps.  Known issue since launch that STILL isn't fixed so I still haven't played.  Refunded.
76561198019792663,Not Recommended,282140,21119067,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,WillyMaster69,"No Spoilers.SOMA, despite the off putting masturbatory claim made by it's devs ""You will question your existance."" (Oh boy) does actually have some deep ideas. I feel the themes of the game would have worked better as subtext because it seems it is instead the focus, as the protagonist is constantly and awfully (GOD who wrote the dialogue?) commenting on the matter and not allowing the player to form his/her own thoughts which would have been better. Seeing as the game has very little gameplay anyway and is instead more about pushing buttons leading into the next room and minimal exploration, at least let the player do the thinking to make up for it.The premise is interesting and the games atmosphere is absolutely mad and there are some good scares which is unfortunate because the gameplay is so shallow and the story is predictable and cliche, almost like they had a check list. Everything that can go wrong will go wrong... This is most likely to extend the games run time I guess.TL; DRGood Premise, great atmosphere, scary, lacking any real gamplay, cliche, predictable & hammy.Buy it on sale for $5 or read the wiki article instead of spending 8 hours playing a non-game."
76561197963242420,Not Recommended,282140,23876775,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Phaserman,"This game is like Alien, but a little worse in every way. It's not horrible, but you might as well just go play Alien instead."
,Not Recommended,282140,18155792,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Plastic bag,Runs terribly
76561197996221201,Not Recommended,282140,19919416,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,spitfire,enjoyed my 1.5h of it; game kept freezing every time I ran into my first enemy -> refund
76561198074637487,Not Recommended,282140,22392136,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,adail da galiza,"I couldn't actually play the game because it crashed a few minutes from start. I spent several hours troubleshooting, following troubleshooting guides and nothing worked. I saw many people have problems with crashes so I guess the game is not stable enough to be played. I guess that if you are lucky and it works for you, you may have some fun.I had to request a refund and lost several hours of my life because of the poor state of this game."
,Not Recommended,282140,24603559,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,☣CAsTrO☣,"This game is boring and not even scary, not recommending this peace of trash, this game didnt even face me, Amnesia is much better even though its older than this. please come up with something better next time, cus this was just awful. I recommend playing outlast 2 when it realeases, thats a challenge right there :) this is just my opinion."
,Not Recommended,282140,18522667,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Narratorway,"SOMA should have been a slam dunk.  The guys what made The Dark Descent, and not the guys what made A Machine for Pigs, but you wouldn't figure to play it.SOMA is a game that's biggest flaw is how little there is of it.  It's too much of a 'game' to be a 'walking simulator', but there's not enough game to describe it as anything else.  It's all in service to an idea - well many really, but one in particular - that explores the nature of human consciousness.  You are Simon Jarrett, a young man stricken with brain damage that will eventually take your life.  A new form of brain scan offers the hope of finding treatment that will save you.  An offer that of course is too good to be true.  Instead you find yourself in a damaged underwater facility being guided by a companion to launch humanities last hope into space.  To explain how or why would spoil what little this game has to offer as a narrative.  Suffice to say it's an interesting premise, but not enough to fill the void of non-content.On the surface, the game is Amnesia all over again.  It's now underwater, yet ironically ditches Lovecraft for hard sci-fi.  You find items to unlock the doors that will allow you to progress while occassionally avoiding a wandering monster.  Only now, these processes have been streamlined.  There's an 'inventory' in so much as you carry items on occassion, but they're all contextual and are used automatically with a mouse prompt, while the 'puzzles' are never more complicated than a button, switch or other such singular selection to be made.  Monster evasion has also been simplified.  There's no lockers/cabinets to hide in and closing doors behind you is functionally useless.  You simply have to slowly walk/crawl to your objective and back while evading detection.  It's not A Machine for Pigs levels of non-interaction...but it's uncomfortably close.That's not to say the game is terrible to play.  Movement is smooth, objectives are clear and progress is fairly constant and nothing like a bug popped up in the entire run.  Technically, the game's just fine to play, the problem is that there's barely anything to play with.  You solve one-button puzzles to proceed down an ever-repeating corridor of entering a facility, avoiding the monster, solving the puzzle that will allow you to exit out onto the ocean surface to take on the long underwater treck to the next facility where you avoid the monster, solve the puzzle to exit out onto the ocean surface to take...All this in service to a narrative with an honestly really unique premise that offers a lot of intellectual meat to chew on with regards to how humanity percieves its own consciousness...but that's something to do when you step back from the game.  In-game, it's only really explored during the first and third acts, with an interminable middle that is bereft of anything but repetition and tedium that I endured purely on the promise that the game's story would pay off...and it doesn't.It's not a completely insufferable experience.  As I said, it was fine to play, but it's also absolutely NOT worth the launch price of $30.  Wait till Steam puts this under $5 during a sale or something...or better yet, grab hold of The Dark Descent or their earlier Penumbra games.  You actually DO things in those games!"
,Not Recommended,282140,31387038,Posted: 26 April,all,FM R IZ,too glitching couldd not get out of the room got my money back after 2 hours
,Not Recommended,282140,21066311,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Trav15,"Well, this game has very interesting visuals. It has that going for it. (Although my machine had difficulties with the frame rate.)But on the other hand, it's kind of a shaggy dog story that makes an argument about humanity that is deeply unsettling. Basically, it wants us to believe that human beings in a computer simulation have just as much value as humans in real life. Is it any coincidence that a computer game would want to make that argument? (I can imagine its siren song: ""Come on, play the game! You're boring real life has no value!"") Of course, lots of tech ""singularity"" gurus have made this bogus argument before, but who am I to judge? Maybe real-life disabled people will see this in a different light than myself.Anyway, assuming you are an able-bodied person, the other reason not to play this game is that you will probably poop your pants from fright, or come very close to doing so, leaving an embarrassing mess. If you make your money from YouTube reaction videos, this is probably a small price to pay, but for the rest of us: who needs that?"
,Not Recommended,282140,21116699,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GodlyPoop,I like the horror thing this game has going but i just keep running into those what the ♥♥♥♥ do i do now ?!?! every like 10 minutes. I wanted to keep playing but lack of hints or the game showing me where to go pretty much made me rage quit.
76561198036055420,Not Recommended,282140,20923324,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Londude,"What happened Frictional Games? Five years in the making and this is what you come up with?Soma is AWFUL. And guess what? It ISN'T SCARY at ALL.Simon was an annoying dweeb, I absolutely hated him. All the voice acting was pathetic, contrived and irriatating.Throughout the game, I was thinking to myself, is this really the game I waited so long to play from Frictional Games? I had seen the trailer with the brain, and I was expecting something incredibly dark and exciting like Amnesia, which I absolutely loved. It was such a dissapointing feeling. Even from the very begginning of the game, it was boring, and I was thinking to myself ok, look, its just getting into it and it will get better and better.The game went nowhere. The 'puzzles', if you can call them that, were overly simplistic and mundane. You are spoon fed everything and the game is holding your hand while you walk through boring areas.. And, to say it again, it wasn't scary at all.The monsters were stupid. They weren'y scary or intimidating. In fact I shook my head at most of them.I still can't beleive this crap game is by the same people who made Penumbra and Amnesia. I thought A Machne For Pigs was crap, but Soma is even worse. At least AMFP got the atmosphere right. So now, I reluctantly say that AMFP is better than Soma, because I enjoyed it more.It's hard to express my utter dissapointment in a review, but, I am very disapointed in this empy shell of a game. The characters were nauseating to say the least. Pseudo intellectual bs about synthetic life, artificial life, human life, what does it mean to be human, blah blah blah who cares.I also had huge frame rate problems, thanks to the games lame bugs, and was unable to play the game for days when I bought it. Not exaclty a good start was it?Soma is a very dull, unfullfilling, over rated peice of crap. I can not understand how a game so bad took so long to make. It lacks everything Amnesia had. When you make a game as good as Amnesia, you have to keep the ball rolling. You have to make a game as equally as good or close to. Soma is embarrassing.Sorry Frictional games, but this one was a massive stinker."
76561198001722133,Not Recommended,282140,23131469,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,EvilWopper,"Great game, other than the disco-head monster episode underwater. Completely ruins the experience for me. Took a few breaks (each a week or so) and tried to push through that episode over and over again. No luck. Bye-bye, SOMA, this could have been a great game...UPD: managed to get past this encounter. Now stuck after having got mainframe router reset. Have to idea what to do next, and I don't even remember the storyline anymore."
76561198096846285,Not Recommended,282140,23148467,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,usswanker,"The game goes to the ends of the earth to shove it's ""sad"" story down your throat. They try so hard to try and make you feel something that it gets old real fast. The main character never adapts to the situation and by the end of the game he's  still clueless.You can't hide, other than in a dark corner and the inventory doesn't exist. The visuals has this ugly blury double vision effect that's a distraction.The enemies you face are simple watchdogs that patrol one area of each map. You only ever face one of them at a time. You just avoid them or not it doesn't really matter since when they catch you they just let you go and wander off again. You just have to limp away and wait for your health to recharge.It's a shame this game was done by the same developer of Amnesia."
,Not Recommended,282140,20988400,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,weiss,"I'm sure glad i got it for 75% off. I haven't gotten very far but it's very beautiful. That's about it though. It's very boring in my opinion. Not scary. Pretty tedious and it really doesn't help I really don't know what the hell is going on in the game nor do I really care lol. Everything is so dark and linear, Monsters are like forced checkpoints.Maybe I'm just dumb lol but I even went and read the plot online and it just doesn't make much sense."
76561198010821939,Not Recommended,282140,22601466,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Tafurious,"Everything about this game is incredible. But there is one major issue. Motion sickness. The way the game is animated and the way the character moves around cauesd motion sickness in me that was so unbearable it incapaciated me for the rest of the day. For such a great title with so much to it to fall flat on its face in the most spectacular way, its pretty shameful. Fix the animations so motion sickness doesn't happen."
,Not Recommended,282140,19181564,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,KillSwitch,"The only reason I'm giving this a negative is because it's not what I expected. It's not horror, not scary at all, in fact it's kind of boring at times."
76561198043602126,Not Recommended,282140,19226190,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,endermassa,"This game, of all my games, is the only game that consistantly crashes. There needs to be a patch that fixes the game from refusing to start. Immediately I recieve an error message that soma.exe stopped working. My specs are within recommended parameters. My GeForce is up to date. I've tried using windows 7 and 10. Please someone patch this game so that I can play it!"
,Not Recommended,282140,21024913,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rouge Sykoe,"Recipe to make your very own SOMA Game.Get a BoxPut the worst parts of Alien Isolation and Bioshock in the box.Mix in Bugs, glitches, and a goofy control system.Add a predictable storyline for flavor.Close the lid then poop on the lid."
,Not Recommended,282140,22552480,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,stevaloo,"Machine for Pigs 2.0Any logical and fair explanation NOT recommending this game has already been posted, so I'm just gonna draw a cheap comparison:-Item management has been removed in favor of notes and auditory exposition up the♥♥♥♥♥ You aren't allowed to walk off from audio recordings. It's like I'm using a payphone or something.-The environments are great but not really used to their full potential.-The monsters are idiots on patrol. Amnesia made the monsters semi-sentient beings ordered to capture and maim you in no particular order. These monster are literally robots, so maybe that can be forgiven- but being captured jostles your camera and blacks you out.-When you get tagged by a monster, you come to your senses as the monster is walking away- leaving you a wounded bloody mess.-No HUD means being wounded turns your screen red/rainbow-colored. Also, realistic limping speed.-*muffled explosion + flickering lights* OOOoooOOO YA SCARED YET???-Puzzles are pathetic.-Ridiculously contrived story that gets played out fairly well thanks to the vagueness of its delivery (if you're willing to sit there and listen to every audio log, be my guest)-*explosion right in your face that nearly blows out your speakers*-*MORE LOUD NOISES*-Somehow the sidekick doesn't ruin the experience for me- but man do they like to converse. First playthrough, it was somewhat comforting; second got a little more annoying..."
76561198046660646,Not Recommended,282140,24328179,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,NEONA,"If youre looking for something spooky, you wont find it here. If youre looking for a good story, you MIGHT find it here depending on how bored you are. The game is incredibly linear and most of the time youre just moving forward in a straight line. The monster things dont do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just stay away from all friktional games. They all suck unless you have nothing else to play. Its kind of like scooby doo cartoons. Theyre only okay when theres nothing else to watch. Look, if im honest, the game really isnt that bad. I mean i got through the whole thing right? but i would never ""recommend it"" to anyone."
,Not Recommended,282140,18670883,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,wielebna,"This is one of the best games I played this year if not of all time. I was completely immersed in the level design and underwater world and backstory of SOMA. I played the pre-launch pathos 2 coding game in the hope of a free key (followed the progress every day on reddit) and I watched every single trailer and snippet of gameplay that was available before and after relase, I particularly enjoyed the transmission miniseries on youtube which i believe in a many ways was better than the actual game itself.Now let me explain why I am changing my review to negative despite being deeply in love with this game and the developers.This game is linear.Painfully painfully linear.I am very excited as a gamer when a game gives me choices. Taking surveys about the game, making life and death choices, deciding whther or not to send an email which would almost certainly result in the end of the world, it's just as exciting as character creation and I love that part of the game.I didn't love when my choices had no effect on the game whatsoever. In some cases there was minimal consequences but I mean very minimal to the point where I didn't care any more whether I was letting someone live or taking their life. The most important decisions of the game seemed pointless just like the surveys that were on the computers all over the place. There has never ever been a game that has forced you to make choices on the same scope that Soma does. And yet, your choices appear to have little to no impact on the game whatsoever. That combined with the pretty limited level design, easy puzzles and monsters that were more frustrating than exciting and scary and challenging cuased the game to fall from the most magnificent beginning of a game I have ever played to almost monotonous by the end. I was unsatisfied with the ending, plodding about with no monsters, not even solving puzzles just doing chores only to have everything work out pretty much the best way possible with none of the scariness or plot twistedness or any of the usual surprises Frictional Games usually have to offer.I feel like the game could have made me choose between letting the wau or the ark preserve humanity.At the end of it all I didn't really feel anything despite the game forcing so many horrible situations on me all throughout.And I think that is just such a disappointment given how strong this game started out and how good I thought it was going to be.Solid 8 or 9 out of ten that could have been like a twenty."
,Not Recommended,282140,22843775,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Little Green Ghouls,"a game where you can finger plants, then you learn to fist them elbow deep.that was the best thing about it."
76561197970371686,Not Recommended,282140,18878736,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,cr4zyfr0g,This game have potential to be good and enjoyable game but it has some flaws. It freezes and lags especially when moving under the sea. But if you liked the Amnesia the dark descent (i did) you probably like this one too.Pros:Good storyGreat soundtrack & atmosphereCons:Poor optimizationFreezes in some areas
76561198066911836,Not Recommended,282140,28608481,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sh1mu,I am too stupid to play this game!
76561198055168848,Not Recommended,282140,19403756,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Drew Carey's Erect Nipple,Cant open it without crashing
,Not Recommended,282140,22344368,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Big Fat ol' Kush Rod,Too scary
,Not Recommended,282140,22400421,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Anumber9large,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,282140,24499733,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sophia,"IT KEEPS PURCHASING ITSELF, ALL $16, DRAINING MY ACCOUNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197976227590,Not Recommended,282140,22406577,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,phototime,I asked for a refund.  Looks good plays well but plays like so many other games of this type.  I got bored with it after 25 minutes. Sorry it was just not for me.
76561198019156351,Not Recommended,282140,23931637,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spings,"Graphics mediocre, dialogue superficial, voice acting terrible, plot mediocre, kept hoping it would be good, i will update. June 29 update 2016: ended up deleting for now, stopped at site Lambda, about 35% of the way through. not recommended up to this point. June 27 2017 update: Still haven't picked up again.Please keep in mind that negative reviews are given thumbs down no matter how substantive or detailed, a real concern. For example, a negative review posted yesterday at 3 a.m. received over 20 thumbs down in about 5 hours. So keep this in mind when balancing the positive and negative reviews."
,Not Recommended,282140,19684680,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,FinalQuake,"""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away.""~Philip KDick""And that f**king sucks Philip, beause SOMA is real. Something this sh**ty actually exists.""~Oscar WildeThe Story:SOMA tells the story of whiny Toronto man Simon Jarrett who, after recieving a brain scan from Dr. Jian Ghomeshi, wakes up in what is either an abandoned research facility hundreds of years in the future, or present day York University. Follow Simon on his quest for answers. Watch as he needlessly berates and yells at his only companion. Watch Simon brutally murder a sentient robot for the greater good, and then call his only companion a ""f**king b**ch"" when she later suggests that they may also have to die for the greater good. Listen intently as Simon delivers pretentious dialogue written by hacks about the meaning of what it is to be human just before he pulls the plug on some old hag. Run in terror from monsters who can't maneuver around a waist high desk- I'm sorry, I can't do this anymore; the story is trash. Moving on.What I Thought:SOMA is a game with an interesting concept that is completely butchered by frustrating design choices, pretentious dialogue, gaping plot holes and an absolute garbage, predictable ending.The game starts off well with excellent pacing, but about halfway through it becomes your typical Frictional Games Backtrackstravaganza™. As an added bonus you'll even have to solve wonky physics puzzles WHILE being chased by the Ghost of the Flying Dutchman or whoever the hell he is. The game constantly beats you over the head with pretentious dialogue and moral questions that was written by some hack who thinks he/she is clever. To compound this problem, the voice acting is so off point. The only good voice in this game was the actress who played Catherine Chun.While the hack writer was beating you over the head with their pretentious garbage they clearly forgot to pay attention to their own story. For all the complete garbage they shove down your throat about being human and sentience and existance and all that nonsense, they never explain whySimon was stuck in a cortex chip that was then stuck in a robot head that was then stuck in a headless corpse that was then stuck in a diving suit which later in the game is stuck in an even bigger diving suit.""BUT DON'T WORRY PLAYER! I'm not asking you to worry about that, I'm asking you to disconnect this woman's life support and think long and hard about why you did it. I'm asking you to copy your brain into a computer simulation and then worry about which you is the real you, or some bulls**t like that.""~Frictional Games EmployeeAnd last but not least, the game presents you with a myriad of seemingly meaningful choices throughout its run, but don't be fooled like I was. None of your choices will in any way impact the story or its ending. In fact, I really wish Frictional Games gave us the option to just sit in the initial brainscan chair where Simon first awakens, and have him jack it for 10 hours. I bet the game still would have ended the same way, AND it would've been more fun.But the game isn't all bad!I really have to give credit to the Wonder Bread company. Whatever slice of bread that was that voiced Simon (and I suspect it was whole wheat) did afantasticjob of being as dry and bland as possible. I also think the Benedict Cumberbatch impersonator did a fantastic job in his memorable role as Unexplained Mind F**k Roboghost.The game also manages some great edge of your seat moments. My favourite are the ones where you go into the lazily disguised level transitions and you pray to every deity that you know of in hopes that the game doesn't crash. And that's where the scary moments come in! Because it actuallycancrash.In Conclusion:I would not recommend this game to anyone.Maybegrab it when it's on sale, but make sure to turn your brain off before you play because otherwise you'll end up with brain damage just like Simon ""Wonder Bread"" Jarrett.For all its garbage, hack writing and shoving stupid philosophical questions and morals down your throat, it still manages to do a crappy job of making you wonder what is human. It's safe to say that Don't Hug Me I'm Scared did a better job of making me wonder if a computer me would count as a real me.In fact let's just not play SOMA, and instead how about we all just sit here and enjoy Don't Hug Me I'm Scared?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9FGgwCQ22w"
,Not Recommended,282140,28801437,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Brutal Burglar,"I can't findmyself playingthis game much longer.  Everything is a puzzle, the voice actor is annoying, and it's nothing but cheap jump scares."
76561198052412844,Not Recommended,282140,34211386,Posted: 13 August,all,DOOP,Slow and boring. Horror elements aren't actually a threat. Just sprinted from button to button.
,Not Recommended,282140,18549161,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,PicklePumper,"I had high hopes due to being freaked out by Amensia: The Dark Decent...and I betrayed myself thanks to this game.I'm only a little ways into the game itself, and it's just plain boring.  There is nothing that is going on that I understand, the story is loosely put together in a fashion that makes me think about it when I'm not playing it just to see if I can actually piece together what is going on.  And while I like that the game lets me do this to get a sense of attachment to the game, it is the only attachment I have.I figured that the ""horror"" portion of it would have me freaking out a bit, and at the beginning, it did.  But then after a little while, I was over the 'horror"" parts and moved into ""Will something please just happen so that I can enjoy this game?  Why is there nothing really going on? Why is nothing happening?  Why am I STILL walking on the ocean floor?  Why does this game seem to follow the formula for 'horror' titles to the letter, yet fail to deliver? ""  I wanted to like this game, I really did.  but I just can't seem to gather enough care to help Simon out any more.  It just drags on with little to no sense of danger (I know I haven't play it much, but I still feel like I can run around for no reason and just listen to hom gasping for air), and the times that I have died (I think I died?) there wasn't anything that jumped into my face that helped me realize I was dead/dying.I just cannot recommend this game at all.  It's drab, it's boring, it's unimaginative, and entirely too slow paced for me to continue playing it much longer than I have.2/10 for graphics alone."
,Not Recommended,282140,35354338,Posted: 30 September,all,Elidarion,The worst game I've ever played. Quite interesting questions about life behind it but really unpleasant to play.
76561197999239858,Not Recommended,282140,32858441,Posted: 27 June,all,EdgarMillen,"If wandering around aimlessly waiting for robots to beat you to death and having no way to defend yourself is your cup of tea, then this is your game"
76561198142711134,Not Recommended,282140,31164201,Posted: 15 April,all,FJEAD,"Well, I am not part of the 'overwhelmingly positive' mass who gave this game the big thumbs up. As a fan of survival horror and indy games, I gave this a shot. A slow start really never got any more interesting and the sci fi seemed to be very generic underwater weird.What killed it for me was when my character got stuck about 1/3rd of the way through the game and literally couldn't move any more. Not an inch. And seemingly theres no way back from this other than restarting the game - and it just wasn't anywhere near good enough to go down that road.Deserved a refund for faulty product but got none and no support.Disappointed but won't be making that mistake again."
76561198140921509,Not Recommended,282140,32133718,Posted: 2 June,all,mrjrjman,I cannot recommend this game. I downloaded it and it will not start. I cannot get any help on making it work. My advice... don't buy it
76561198277895447,Not Recommended,282140,25899049,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CyanideCruelty,"I really looked forward to playing it, sadly I didn't see anything but a black loading screen and then it crashed.."
76561197991941715,Not Recommended,282140,19381669,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,76561197991941715,"I give this a thumbs down only to warn people like me who can't handle horror games. I thought I could handle the game, that I could put my fear of horror games aside to try an enjoy the story. With the incredible amount of favorable reviews I  thought I could enjoy the game despite the horror aspect. However not two minutes after the intro I closed the game and requested a refund knowing I would never be able to play this game.I get very invested into single player games, and if I hit a point in a non-horror game where♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan in a horror sort of way I'll either cheat or stop playing. Half Life 2 is an example that comes to mind. The second I realized that things might actually kill me I got turned off of this game immediately. I can handle horror, I can handle dieing, but I can't handle both at the same time if that makes sense.I give this a thumbs down not because it is bad, it's just that I know I will never be able to enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,282140,18670174,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Rabid Llama,"I really wanted to like SOMA - I loved the tone of the live-action teasers for the game, and have avoided spoilers for it in anticipation.However, just finishing it (or rather, playing 2/3s of it, tiring of it, and watching the rest), it doesn't live up to my expectations. The story falls flat, only hitting a few interesting notes in the whole 8-hour experience. The gameplay is simplistic and repetitive, and every time a computer screen said ""INSUFFICIENT POWER"" or ""PLEASE INSERT 3 THINGS"" I'd roll my eyes and go pixel-hunting again.To the game's credit, the visual and audio design is superb, selling the atmosphere and the scares very well. The world the game builds is an interesting one, albeit lacking in the detail I so badly wanted it to have. I was intrigued, but ultimately let down.I feel like what's here in this game was maybe half or a third of what I had hoped it would be, stretched out over three times as much actual playtime as it warranted.I will absolutely be looking out for Frictional's next game, but as for this one, it really didn't live up to my expectation."
76561198025589617,Not Recommended,282140,33122399,Posted: 2 July,all,The Flying Claw,"Despite my PC fulfilling the min criteria, and despite ramping down the graphics, etc, this game lagged badly!Refunded."
,Not Recommended,282140,18919519,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Gold & Platinum,"Strong 2.5/5. Visuals are poor and uninteresting. Atmosphere is not immersive at all. Meh jump scares that never keep you on edge. Worst of all, there are too many puzzles too early in the game which disinterest the player as he doesn't know what hes working towards yet. Too many useless environmental interactions like reading emails, signs etc. Again, all of that would be forgivable if the game delivered good visuals and nice scares, which it didn't for me so far and it was enough to disinterest me."
76561198085391841,Not Recommended,282140,32680038,Posted: 23 June,all,Grossout,"Once again I am asking for trouble writing a bad review of a game that everyone else seems to love (or at this point are afraid to admit otherwise), so bring dem thumbs down on me fanboys!I asked for a refund for this game, it just isn't fun when you never have any clue of where to go or what to do. Most of the time I spent playing this was just walking around wondering what the hell am I supposed to do now. Last straw was the scene where I had to run away from this monster and I had no idea where I had to run because the vision under water is so bad and all the places look pretty much the same. I tried like 5 times and ragequitted.Setting in this game seems really interesting so far, that's the only good thing I could say about it. Give me guns and open world in this setting plz.I think this game should be named as ""So what the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to do now?"" instead of somaThe scenery of the game is nice, I would want to really have and adventure there and loot stuff, shame that it is linear and there is absolutely nothing to find except main quest stuff. (well maybe some trivia)I would recommend you to watch lets play of this game rather than playing it yourself..."
,Not Recommended,282140,33212067,Posted: 3 July,all,Paul,"This has maybe the worst voice acting I've ever heard in a game. The character doesn't ""act"" the way a real person would act if he woke up in this situation. For me, the story is boring and not compelling at all. The scary bits are somewhat exciting, but the rest of it is a slog.Clearly lots of people like it, but I just... don't."
,Not Recommended,282140,26934958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,T.A.R.T.A.,"If u want to get brain cancer in 1 day, this game is made for U! My brain was so f*cked up after this game, that i just instantly deleted whole game after fully completing it. 10/10 migraine hours, with a little bit of burning♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198066232544,Not Recommended,282140,18466236,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Cynec,"Well, you can fist coral to heal yourself.Now for the bad parts.1.) The ""twist"" of how you got into Raptu-errr-Theta-Delta-Omicron-whatever is revealed early, obvious almost immediately, and made me care a lot less about the fate of the character, which, for a horror game, is important.2.) Although they benefit from the Amnesia mechanic of distorting your vision and hurting you when you look at them, the monsters are just not scary. This is probably where the ball was dropped the most actually, these--things range from annoying to comical. Again, major point for a horror game and major problem.3.) The story is okay. The central concept and the question it asks about the definition of self and whether continuinty of consciousness is necessary or sufficient for preservation of the ""self"" is interesting and fun to think about, but it feels overwrought at times; like a stoned freshman that's halfway through his first philosophy course telling all about how like, it's all subjective man. It gets preachy and a bit eye roll inducing.Point is, I don't understand why this game has such good reviews. Amensia may have had a more minimalist story but Amensia *worked* for what it was because it was actually scary. This would maybe work better as a short novel or something, not a game, much less a ""horror"" game.TLDR Play Alien Isolation"
76561198131913617,Not Recommended,282140,31215265,Posted: 18 April,all,释虚泯,掉帧严重，BUG很多，经常卡住不能继续，解谜一坨屎
76561198063885576,Not Recommended,282140,34783405,Posted: 6 September,all,Slaughterhouse,gaaaaaaay
,Not Recommended,282140,18720927,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ultragamma,"Explores some cool concepts but the monsters aren't scary and the pace of the game is a bit slow.Would not recommend if you are looking to be scared. This is game has more of a cool atmosphere than anything, but in terms of horror it falls kind of flat."
,Not Recommended,282140,18754884,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,tanerdamaner,"I'm sad to say i cannot recommend this game...yet.its beautifully done, the best kind of scary, sad, meaningful game.but it crashes at random spots and even for me right before the final scene. i cannot recommend this game until the crashes are fixed."
,Not Recommended,282140,29742331,Posted: 6 February,all,Dynamite,This game is hella scary.
76561197993158893,Not Recommended,282140,18465264,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,D1rty Sanchez,"Linear interactive story, not the horror game the trailer & reviews try to depictBig fan of horror games here, Amnesia : The Dark Decent being my all time favorite one.Since the game was unfortunately marketted and sold as survival horror, I'm going to review it as one.Pros• Lovely art & levels• Unique underwater setting• Well written creative lore & setting• Puzzles, despite being easy, help relieve the boredomCons• About as scary as COD• Walking simulator with light puzzles throw in• Enemies & stealth element boring & tedious rather than scary.• Terribly linear levels damage the (non-existant) horror & survival elements• Underwater only in looks, none of the expected (creepy) depth diving• Forced companions farther destroy any shred of creepyness & horror• Protagonist is hard to relate to• No scary deep-sea giant creaturesSummaryWasted potential & misleading marketting, another boring ""horror"" walking simulator to avoid."
76561198182704802,Not Recommended,282140,32810921,Posted: 26 June,all,Harry Rasing,"This game isn't as good as the reviews let you believe in my opinion...- very repetitive tasks in almost identical looking locations- annoying enemy (game would be a better experience without them)- most dialogs don't fit in the situation- absolutly not scary- story is ok, but not mindblowing (maybe this sort of sci-fi stories isn't my cup of tea)- choises made in game have no input on the outcome??The only good part of the game are the graphics and the atmosphere, but gameplaywise it's boring as hell!"
,Not Recommended,282140,27612076,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,COCK,pointless
76561198254211817,Not Recommended,282140,31268942,Posted: 20 April,all,raphaelbishop,Another crappy game teaching people to run from things instead of stand and fight.  Hate run away horror games! Give me RE4 anyday over this crap!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,282140,34638313,Posted: 31 August,all,Yunomi,the framerate so low even in the lowest setting
,Not Recommended,282140,25614351,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,US National Gaming Team,https://youtu.be/MgX4xNO-YAA
,Recommended,282140,18142535,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,i bet you kiss girls faggot,>be me>be 17>have a pretty decent gaming PC with a Core i7-4820k and a GTX 970>be excited for SOMA since AMfP>play AMfP and it was crap>SOMA supposed to be scary af>SOMA finally releases>SOMA apparently so scary even my PC won't launch it9/11 would try to launch again
76561197983637906,Not Recommended,282140,32848626,Posted: 27 June,all,billynilly,Not sure what all the hype is about this one.  Graphics are OK.  Sound is great.  The game is just a bit too linear for me.  I didn't have some religious gaming experience though.  Refunded.
,Not Recommended,282140,29845032,Posted: 11 February,all,FrozenWhirl,"Boring crap, I'd rather read a novel than playing this. Wasn't even horrifying"
76561198104254385,Not Recommended,282140,31833726,Posted: 18 May,all,GermanMachine7,"YOU ARE A ROBOT IN THIS GAME...Beep boop beep I think I'm real. ""will make you question your very existence."" Pfff...This game like sucks. I want a double refund for playing this stupid crap. [Frictional Games] should be renamed to [After Amnesia The Dark Descent We Suck At Making Games Games].The positive reviews are bloated with fedora wearing beta neckbeard fanboys who eat cereal with red bull for breakfast while watching anime.♥♥♥♥ this game. And most importantly ♥♥♥♥ you for reading this. Thumb me down and I will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.0/10"
,Not Recommended,282140,18590619,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ninjapandaowl,"A walking simulator, nothing more.  A game, (for myself) needs to have more meat on it's bones than that.  Sure, the atmosphere is nice and all, but it's not enough to justify the price tag.  It's not scary, not even a little tense.  Besides the occassional monster encounter, I found myself rather...underwhelmed.  Bored even.The worst part?  I forgot to close the game before taking a nap, and now I have exceeded the limit on time played to get a refund.  phooey."
76561197970664973,Not Recommended,282140,18649658,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,oiled.midget,"I liked this game until I got to the Curie and then it got stupid. Once it got stupid, I tried it a few times and then hit Uninstall. Wasted potential."
,Not Recommended,282140,18372865,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,liker,waste of money
76561198035804000,Not Recommended,282140,18338289,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,KanmanDS,"This game was trying to be too much. The story was relatively simple, yet they spend hours slowly drawing it out. More than once I was ready to close the game for being boring. The levels were unnecessarily large. Too much walking around to accomplish unnecessary, simple tasks. I felt lost and confused on virtually every level. Before I could ever get my bearings, I would just stumble upon the exit and never see that place again.The 'bad guys' in this game seem completely pointless. They do nothing more than slow your progress through the narrative. Every time I heard the sounds of a 'bad guy' ahead, I just rolled my eyes thinking 'there goes another 20 minutes of my life'. If the game would have involved less excessive walking around, maybe I would have had more patience for the 'bad guys', but it really just came down to a desire to move things along.In short, the game needed to be either more interesting or shorter. I hate to say 'not recommended' but it is what it is. In a 5-star system, this would be a solid 3. It wasn't bad. It wasn't great either."
,Not Recommended,282140,18180568,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Manties,"At the outset, this is a very fun game. Walking around on the ocean floor through delapidated, crumbling buildings is fun. It's largely rail-like in your exploration, but the sights are very interesting. It all feels like a sort of futuristic sci-fi that you can expect the kids who failed engineering and architecture to have created, so you'll feel right at home if you enjoy the Alien movies and their ilk.I appreciate the game attempting to drive the player to consider the ramifications of sentience and individuality, but it ultimately led me to hating the main character. My only friend was Carl -- and I hated him. You'll probably hate him.The AI is extremely frustrating. Their gimmick makes it difficult to look at them so it's almost impossible to get around them in the later stages as the slightest sound has them homing in on you to lovingly leave you battered and limping. It seems that most of the time, throwing objects to distract them does absolutely nothing, but god help you if you accidentally bump into a snow cone; they can hear that, you know.All in all, this is a game best watched and not played. The only real decisions you have are no-brainers and clearly divide players into ""practical"" and ""inappropriately empathic"" camps. Your time is largely spent on trying to find which un-assuming bit you can suddenly pick up and what innocuous bit you can now stick it into or just having to avoid the all-seeing monsters. (Hint: locking them in a room is useless.)"
76561198075969022,Not Recommended,282140,18323908,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mike,"TL; DR; : Yes, I enjoyed the game somewhat, I liked the story and the sound design(excellent) but I was frustrated by the ""stealth""(non-existent) mechanic and poor visuals(see below). Also it was short and all the ""puzzles"" are laughably easy(no brain needed here). I would recommend it but at about ~20E or less and to somebody who expects more of a ""walking simulator"" than a stealth game.To elaborate like I said the story is decent, maybe it would have felt more real if the other aspects of the game were more polished.STEALTH:The biggest beef I have is that this is not a stealth game, you basically just find the nearest corner to hide and listen for the ""monster"" to go away(you can't look at it for long). The AI on the monsters(if it can be called that) is basically just have the monster roam its patrol route. If you get too close it will close in on you but if you find a corner that is out of the way of the patrol path and don't look at it you have a 95% chance to be ignored by it even if it is really close to you(seriously I only got caught about 9  times during the whole game(counting the scripted sequences as well)). Also the monsters seem to be triggerd by your running and this is the only way you can have them run after you(apart from the 2 - 3 scripted sequences, as throwing objects or any other noises do not enter the equation, which again is sad).So the gameplay around the ""creatures"" is as follows, avoid patrol route, wait minutes at a time in a corner watching ther ceiling or walls for it to leave the area. Or if you get bored and think you can make it to the elevator/exit/ladder you can run. This is tedious to say the least and the worst part of the game.GRAPHICS:Yes I did not expect state of the art graphics. But the garphics are there for immersion and some of the textures are so low res that you have to think they were lazy(the only explanation I can come up with). I mean on ""Ultra"", the ""bulbs"" or ""nuggets"" from the growth on the wall seem awfull pixelated(just an example, there are many more instances where the textures are lacking).What really bothered me more is the models. They feel so ""artificial"". The corpses seem plasticky which is a shame because I want to feel disgusted or frightened but the only thing I feel is regret that I couldn't get better looking models in what could have been a really great game.I'm really not looking for pixels in a game like this but things like this really take away from the experience, like I said this is 2010-graphics they really didn't make an effort.LENGTH:Like I said it's very short, I backtracked a lot through the open ocean segments and explored almost everything and I took only 10 hours to do so. Expect about 8 hours on a normal playthrough or if you're really impatient and want to get to the bottom of thinngs expect 6. Pretty short.PUZZLES:Like I said no brain required. Why would you include such simple puzzles in a game already intended for mature audiences? There is nothing more to say they are truly so trivial that I feel they were added just to prolong the already short gameplay instead of adding something to the experience.I focused on criticizing the aspects that I hated, I have nothing agains the story(good) and that sound design will massagge your ears(If you do get it(though you should wait for a cheaper bargain) play it with some high quality speakers or better audiophile headphones)."
,Not Recommended,282140,18161267,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Overlordock,"It's never a good thing when you don't know if you like a game or not. It proves the game has many flaws that are actually competing the good sides of the game. Now, don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the game but the question is, Would I recommend this game? No. Here's why: The game feels Linear, puzzleless and is lacking something really important in a horror game, Sense of exploration. I wanna explore the world, explore the game knowing that at every instant a creature could be behind chasing me. But instead of that, Your character travels in a straight line ALL GAME pressing switches to open doors. There comes some parts that you are actually underwater ""Exploring"" the world, but you're not. Instead you have to walk to other stations without doing any puzzles or without... any fears whatsoever because there are no real threats. The graphics are nothing more than ""Ok"" and I encountered many small graphical glitches here and there but nothing big. The creatures feels more intelligent which is a good thing but there again you only encounter them almost once each so you don't have time to adapt. The story is really interresting, I loved it. Sadly, because the game is way too linear and is lacking the sense of fear and exploration (Which is the core of horror games) I have to give this game a bad review because lets be honest here, we WANT to like this game SO MUCH, but overall, its not a good game.EDIT: Who doesnt like fisting an alien bumhole to gain life hm? HM?!"
,Not Recommended,282140,18258948,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DeusMalleus,"Story-telling is decent, albeit on rails, but the story itself is pretty lame and the endings were both a let-down and expected. The story has only the appearance of depth, but it's only an appearance once you start to ask questions and not accept the vague answers given in the game. Nothing you do has any impact on the game itself and the ""meaningfully meaningless decisions"" only serve as an  element to aid immersion, but nothing more. The AI was terrible (and irrelevant in some instances) and generally made the game more frustrating and tedius than actually frightening, and the respawn mechanic eventually made me not care about dying beyond the inconvenience. While there was a lot in the way of environment, it felt empty with little substance to make it something beyond eye-candy. In fact, the environment had more of an impact on me than anything else, reminding me of the garbage that was ""A Machine for Pigs"". Like AMFG, you don't have the same interactability that you had in Amnesia - not that you'll really need it though with the dumb AI. It's like Frictional Games was infected by The Chinese Room... The game also felt rushed, which makes sense as they switched from space to the ocean, but when Frictional has started to release a mini-series as a marketing promotional that doesn't sit well with me. While I didn't have that bad of technical issues, which are being resolved, many people have reported them, so I recommend waiting until it's fully patched.That said, I've been waiting for this game since it was announced and I'm very disappointed with how it turned out. It would've made a good movie the way they went, but as a game? Not so much. Save your money for a sale when it's $15 or less instead of $30... I doubt I'll get a refund."
,Not Recommended,282140,18335903,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hickory Pot,"While I really enjoy the game so far I cannot reccommend it. Maybe it's my own hardware, but i'm having frequent crashing problems. I've looked around online and there are other people experiencing the crashes as well, however nobody seems to have a solution other than to verify the integrity of game cache (which I have done to no avail). I'll more than likely change the review to a thumbs up if a patch is released or someone figures out a work-around. Again the story is great so far, but not being able to actually get immersed in the game because of the frequent crashes is very frustrating."
76561197998307045,Not Recommended,282140,18250375,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Maxim_Shkatulov,"Huge problems with graphics. It works at first until i get to underwater levels, than there is a glitch in textures starts and game becomes to freeze.  I have latest Mac OS and Mac Pro with dual Fire Pro d500 3gb. Fix this or give me back my money."
,Not Recommended,282140,18188586,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Mr. Peanutbutter,"As of right now, terribly optimized for mid-range PCs and suffers too many gameplay-impeding and/or -breaking faults.  Writing this after suffering through the terrible framerate I get at the lowest settings only to have the game actually bluescreen my computer when I tried to activate my flashlight after wandering around underwater for god knows how long trying to find my way off of Delta."
76561198024962044,Not Recommended,282140,18214312,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Orblo,"[MINIMAL SPOILERS]Let me get this out of the way: This is a masterpiece. It is beautiful, awe-inspiring, and eerie. The sound and level design is top-notch. The ""sanity effects"" are jarring (as they should be). The story is enthralling and sucks you in. Overall, it is a unique piece of horror sci-fi evoking feelings of Event Horizon and Alien and worth some mulling over.I enjoyed my time playing it up until the last stretch of the game. When I discovered it was winding down, I felt myself becoming more and more disheartened. After the final ending scene, I went to see the alternate endings I had surely missed... but there were none. At that moment I realized no moral decisions I had made during the game mattered, and that was what I felt was the most profound aspect of SOMA. It is meant to be ambiguous. You're meant to stress over your decisions and wonder if you had done the right thing, but when you are not rewarded with even a hint of consequences for your actions, they become meaningless. Especially when the endgame is not affected whatsoever and is very black and white.It is SO HARD not to compare the game to Amnesia when the whole schtick of the enemies is exactly the same. Although, it seems whatever interactivity that was in The Dark Descent has been thrown out. SOMA is a glorified walking simulator akin to The Dark Descent's ""sequel"" (developed by The Chinese Room) A Machine for Pigs. Although after my experience, I have a newfound appreciation for the latter. There is no game to play here. Only fetch quests and back-tracking in-between reading, reading, listening to audio, reading, and more reading.You are not rewarded for exploring. Hell, you're not even rewarded for uncovering more of the story. There is no inventory. You heal by shoving your hand into an alien sphincter and while it seems there was an idea that it would be consequential (as it seems the main character becomes ""addicted"" saying, ""I NEED IT""), nothing actually happens. And if you get caught by baddies, you are respawned exactly where you were attacked. If you die, you return to the last checkpoint and there are so many it hardly feels like a punishment.Those are the major beefs I had with this game that I can describe without spoiling. The minor issues I had were:1. Screen tearing even after installing new drivers - I have a very high quality rig so this was very strange2. Some textures never loaded (even ones on the main character) - again, strange considering my rig3. Main character walks underwater like he's on land, but jumping doesn't have the same physics??4. Weird physics - easily ignored, but annoying when noticed5. Game crashed at the same point before Steam forced a patch on me - shouldn't this have happened before I booted it up??6. Window minimized itself and interrupted play - I gather this is more of a problem on my end, howeverAnyway...[SPOILERS NOW.]Despite their interesting concept, I am kind of disappointed in the WAU. I'm an avid horror-game player so I guess I have bigger balls than I used to, but after the first few encounters, I just sprinted around the things, taking hits when I had to, facing game-over screens, etc. The WAU were disturbing in appearance, but not as frightening as I had hoped they would be. The one robot trying to suck structure gel out of Simon was more spooky in my opinion, but that's just me. However, while I was let-down by the lack of scare-factor the WAU had, it's not the only problem I had.(I also have major thalassophobia but this game barely triggered it.)The WAU become irrelevant in the last few minutes of the game. You go to ALPHA to ""destroy"" the monsters (as Ross invites you to), but it doesn't feel like anything happened. The undersea creatures are still around and the anuses (I don't know what else to call them) still functioned. After killing the ""big boss"" of the game, I didn't feel much different at all as a player. I felt no satisfaction. I felt like I didn't really succeed. The task felt entirely, utterly incomplete, but I had to move on anyway.Then BOOM. The game was over.[END SPOILERS]I was sooooo excited every time I sat down to play this game up until the moment I realized it was done. Perhaps my complaints are petty, but I was just not satisfied. Save your money and borrow a friend's copy of the game or watch a play through online. Unless you're a fan of puzzleless walking simulators."
,Not Recommended,282140,18176592,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,VaNillAxBeAr94,"So far from the small amount of time I've played this game, I've enjoyed what I've played, and it has some real strong points which make it a very atmospheric and immersive, for example the great sound effects, nice visuals, nice environment design, and an interesting story, however (and this may only be me) the game isn't very well optimised, from the get go, I was getting dips in my FPS all over the place, and this absolutly kills everything that is good about this game, making it very difficult to get into the immersion that the game has to offer, and with so much potential, it's a shame to have rate this game down due to this issue, hopefully Frictional games are going to work on this, and not just leave it to wither away until no one bothers anymore"
76561198070831177,Not Recommended,282140,18284385,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RicochetRho,Not enjoyable. The scariest part of this game is the frame rate. This game sucks. All it has over The Dark Decent is a better story. Stay away
,Not Recommended,282140,18242540,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,JonnyB,"SOMA is a good game, and you can argue that it's a great one. However, if you go in expecting horror, you will likely walk away dissatisfied. Despite being developed by Frictional Games it's not even close to being as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Instead, it's a puzzle-focused adventured with a high prevalence of story. In the event that you're up for that sort of game, you may be pleased by what SOMA offers. For anyone who wants a terrifying experience that they won't soon forget, it's better to look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,282140,18268073,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,itsmecraigma34,Downloaded the game but the graphics are that bad i can see through walls some items dont show up and adjusting the settings even to their lowest doesnt help at all.
,Not Recommended,282140,18351209,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zukazan ☃ TrumpMAGA,"Many reasons why, but once you get to the end you realize how close they were and yet still fell short. Nice try though frictional, you almost had it."
,Not Recommended,282140,18255181,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Dandraffbal,"This game's AI is super buggy. Don't believe me? Bum rush any of the AI and tell me what they do! Thanks Frictional for an amazing atmospheric game, but the AI just dumped me on the side of the road without a cellphone to call for help :("
76561197974144701,Not Recommended,282140,18402724,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,sam_ricer,"I'm probably going to go against the general flow but i didn't enjoy this game at all :|In fact i didn't have the courage to finish it and uninstalled it somewhere halfway through i believe.The beginning is mysterious so you wanna find out what's going on. The plot is sort of interesting, and this is maybe the only positive point. But once you get a little bit into the game, it becomes very boring, always the same environments, the same gameplay, trying to get around enemies through labyrinths (i HATE labyrinths in games :/ ) with lots of doors and corridors...And the puzzles are boring and unintuitive.Didn't like Penumbra, and the same goes for Soma. Should have guessed."
76561198041356025,Not Recommended,282140,18428908,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,chuiii,"What is this game? In short BioShock meets DeadSpace and talks about Thalos Principle. ... but if you like thouse games you should probably play them instead.First about positive. Game looks and plays realy great. A lot of work made to create atmosphere of sci-fi horror. Design of levels, voice-acting, music - all of this is perfect.Bu-ut this game have a story.Yeah.Negatives. If you is lore-♥♥♥♥♥ like I am, make sure you have pretty big bag to put plot holes into. Otherwise they will be EVERYWHERE!Second - main character is wimp. Instead of identifying with him you want to kick his whine♥♥♥♥♥throughout the game: ""You are badass biorobot capable of surviving under f-ing sea! How match cooler it can be? Yes, you no longer a human. Shut you cry-hole and deal with it!""And monsters. They not just not scary. They annoying. After figuring out ther patterns avoiding them becomes boring routine. Though they have cool design I think game would be a lot better if they just wasnt there.To play or not to play?If you never played Amnesia series and like sci-fi settings - this game will scARE LIVING BAJISUS OUT OF YOU!If not, better not waist your time.TL;DRGood game.But not great."
,Not Recommended,282140,18163282,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Maritan,"More of a walking simulator with a good story than a horror game.  It's still a very satisfying expirience despite crashes and bugs, but it's not what everyone expected.Final verdict:Not spooky/10"
76561198004706326,Not Recommended,282140,18166688,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sirideon,"I really liked this game, from what I was able to play from it.  Unfortunatly, it kept crashing when I tried to load.  Reinstalling it, verifying integrity and following the troubleshooting did not help, so unfortunatly I have to say don't get this game until they patch some of the issues."
,Not Recommended,282140,18186798,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Burt,"It's not a bad game, but I wouldn't recommend it. Friction games dropped the ball on this one. It's a silly game about two wise cracking robots trying to save the last of humanity. The entire game is basically like the last few levels of Amnesia where you team up with Agrippa to take down Alexander, except in SOMA the monsters aren't threatening - there's a big slow robot chicken, there's scuba man who makes your screen weird and then there's about 5 guys who don't pay any attention to you unless you start running. You're never really in any sort of danger, and if you are the monster is simply going to give you a slap on the wrist. It's not really a good idea to have enemies in your game that do literally nothing to you and it's impossible to die unless you jump off an underwater cliff.The game spends more time having wise cracking robots talk philosophy than any horror.This game should have been a Portal mod. All the ''horror'' scenes should have been portal puzzles, because it sure as hell doesn't feel like the game was made with horror in mind. They made a story and characters that they wanted to show you and they tacked on some spooky stuff because that's what is expected from Frictional games. It wasn't made as a horror game.I can appreciate a good story, but don't give away your entire story in the first 20 min of the game and then try to scare me with cuddly friendly robots. If you do horror, do horror. If you do a story focused game, do a story focused game."
,Not Recommended,282140,18227659,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,vallor,"The game's moral choices are ""edgy"" because they violate human conscience.  Decided I didn't want to subject myself to that any more.The atmospherics of the game work, and it's got some nice cerebrial musings, but I wasn't enjoying pulling the plug on people."
76561197969488185,Not Recommended,282140,18317790,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gweihir,"There is a lot of good in this game, like the story and the beautiful graphics. Unfortunately, you frequently have to hide from enemies that you cannot fight while exploring. That is likely meant to be frightening, but to me it is instead hugely annoying. I have stopped playing about 3.5 hours in because of this, unfortunately too late to get a refund."
76561198089311810,Not Recommended,282140,18263406,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,squad up360,I have mixed feelings about this game its scary at times but getting passed the creatures is hard unlike most game you can through something they will follow it. Not in this game running doesnt always work. oulast is a better choice
,Not Recommended,282140,26470538,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,J.,crappy game
76561198004798569,Not Recommended,282140,18326831,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,zealous,Eyestrain Simulator 2015
,Not Recommended,282140,18208646,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Justin Taylor,"Story is okay. But I wouldn't play it again.Also, the game is very short!It's worth in a sale, but not full price."
,Not Recommended,282140,18259384,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Four Bit Thug,A game moreso about making you think versus telling a good story or being a good game.
76561198039016318,Not Recommended,282140,24000689,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,schwereigen,Game has massive graphic glitches in first underwater scene which render it unplayable on Osx 10.9.5 Mac Pro. Plus its a bit boring and has dated visuals.
76561197963614585,Not Recommended,282140,18157200,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Steady_,"Stop posting reviews when you didn't even play a full hourGame isn't scary at allIt just makes me wonder why would this be a game instead of a movie ?There's no reasons for it to be a game, gameplay isn't amazing, story definitely feels like it's ""just another sci-fi movie""I just really don't understand why this is a game, pace is quite slow, progressing in the game feels like it comes straight from the 90's""Go there, Oh no, You're halfway there but everything collapsed, too bad, you'll have to waste hours exploring boring places to finally get there""How fun is that in 2015 ?And most of all : Alien Isolation kills this game at least a thousand timesI do not recommend SOMA, even for Amnesia fans"
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,282140,26220276,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Buzzerker,"Soma is a retro first person adventure game , how retro you might ask? circa 2004 or there abouts actually it reminds me of even earlier games but with updated graphics. There is not much free movement in this game , it's closer to a point and click with a simulated first person mechanism but iit's not even up to the standards of a game like Bioshock. After buying it and playing it, I was surprised it got such high reviews. In my personal opinion , although the writing may be good and it has some initeresting design qualities to it , it just has this aura of being dated to me and I can't get into it. It's not like a Deus Ex or a System Shock closer to Myst. But hey , if that's your thing go for it. Another game I would compare it to is Alien Isolation , which I also found to be underwhelming."
,Not Recommended,282140,29591733,Posted: 30 January,all,Why dem dey name hurricane?,really stupid
,Not Recommended,282140,18424191,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Copperhead,ITS SO BORING
,Not Recommended,282140,18192875,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,MechaGG,Crashes 5 seconds into first room.
76561198131733393,Not Recommended,282140,18146169,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Blood Seeker,1- minor performence issues2- not very optimized
,Not Recommended,282140,18154475,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,TheBestMegan3ver,Not too impressed. Just very straight forward - all about story. no collecting things or side things or puzzles.. just so straight forward and bland. Probably going to hesitate before buying from this company again..
,Not Recommended,282140,18150579,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Vermilion Wlad,"It's Amnesia all over again.pros:- Nice sci-fi story with entry level philosophy- System Shock 2 vibes here and therecons:- Short as hell, 6 hours if you take your time. I guess 3 hours if you run through it.- Hamfisted storytelling, rushed and cut with no sense of any accomplishment by any character.- There are choices here and there, but it doesn't appear that they matter at all.- Boring♥♥♥♥♥enemies from Amnesia come again, now in shape of cute robots and polypblobs with legs. They're still as stupid.- Same pacing as other amnesia games. Puzzle/walking stretch - Enemy Encounter - More walking, Rinse and repeat.- No penalty for failing. Getting discovered just makes you wake up in the same place and resets the monsters. Sprint away!- Boring underwater walking sections (Wait till you get to the Abyss!)- Some sections feel like padding and audio recordings make it feel like devs want you to stand around a lot. Maybe because you gotta get over that refund time limit?"
76561198047233776,Not Recommended,282140,18162995,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,44,Walking simulator with rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story. Feels bad man.I hope that the developers will stop making games.
,Not Recommended,282140,31089440,Posted: 11 April,all,Aristotle,Right from the beginning after picking up the tracer fluid my game is bugged and I'm unable to interact with anything. I tried restarted and verifying cache files still nothing. What a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,282140,18159142,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Meg Pothato,"It worked fine on first startup, then i couldn't start it anymore.Nice game atmosphere and all that, but SOOOO fed up with the crashing.oh well, time for a refund."
76561198068865782,Not Recommended,282140,18156174,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,kafstar1,thumbs down until fixedGtx980G-sync monitori7 3.2 cpu16GRAMWin10very choppy when panning around..adjusting display settings in game seems to make no difference at all.Never requested a refund before though steam...this might be my first time.
,Not Recommended,282140,18150729,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Carpo,It's A Machine for Pigs all over again
76561198025642947,Not Recommended,282140,18149833,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,U_FACE_JARAKSUS,The game  crashes at the launching . Theres no any  information about this problem after crash  . Wint 7   64-bit .
76561198123142418,Not Recommended,282140,18150090,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Der Großmann,"it's a machine for pigs all over again , for me personally it didn' meet my expectations ,l liked the Amnesia games but in terms of gameplay this game makes me feel like l'd rather be playing Alien  lsolation instead"
76561198056173068,Recommended,282140,30381930,Posted: 7 March,all,StormRavin,"I can say one thing about this game, it's a genuine Horror game, It captures all aspects of a horror game, and then some. Tbh i'm not huge into Horror Genre for games at all, i've only played a handfull of them, But i can legit say, SOMA was absolutely amazing, One of the most amazing stories i've ever endured, and yes there are parts that are insanely hard, and areas you'll get lost and turned around in, the fact you don't have a map, makes the game so atmospheric it's insane. This is definately a game you should try, If you like horror games or not in my opinion, Was truly one of the most mind capturing games i've ever experienced, Truly amazing!!"
76561198028019667,Recommended,282140,18386807,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,"Arikel, the Guide of the Heart","Soma is an oustanding experience. I have yet to play a game that can approach it in both depth and atmosphere. It feels like a hybrid: Amnesia meets Dark Souls meets Bioshock meats Dead Space 1 (get it? meats) This game is a true sequel to amnesia, unlike that Machine for Pigs far-fetched to barely inspired fanfiction, but it borrows heavily from the feel and setting of the original Bioshock. The people behind Bioshunt Unfunite should check this game out to see how to make a game truly deep and shocking. (oh noes, I did it again)The story of this game is truly compelling and immersive, even when it is not a particularly nice and pleasant story. I found myself slamming an ingame hard drive item into a wall in rage as the game presented me with a trully crushing moral choice. For me, this was an unprecedented experience, and it made me realise just how engaging the game really is. There are many small ways in which you can affect the story, albeit most of them only result in small changes. All the choices, however, are meant to be meaningful to the player, and for the most part, with me, they managed just that.That being said, this game has one oustanding weakness: the enemies. The paralel with Bioshock Infinite is strong here. Even when there are only few monsters in the game, I found the encounters with them as frustrating and, eventually, rage inducing as the broken bosses in Infinite. Unlike Infinite, though, due to the monsters being few and far inbetween, you get a better chance to actually experience the environment - and the environment is absolutely gorgeous.Overall, 10/10 would play a game about a digitalised mad scientist banding together with her undead lesbian girlfriend again."
76561197973967129,Recommended,282140,18386935,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,bedroom gangster,"Buy this. Literally one of the best games ever made, with a very interesting and important theme, message, and story. SOMA immerses you like very few games out there will.Do humanity a favor and play this game."
,Recommended,282140,30404883,Posted: 9 March,all,MEDICARE_REBATE,An excellent sci-fi horror/thriller game. I actually want to see a Sequel to this but I know it's not really necessary considering how it wrapped up at the end. Highly recommended.
76561198063440035,Recommended,282140,30470467,Posted: 12 March,all,Dank Tempsey,"A couple of days ago I played it trough for the second time.The game is amazing and has a excellent story, one gets really attached to the characters Simon and Catrine.A must buy I'd honestly rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,21372897,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Matt Tao,"There are a lot of horror games out there that don't live up to the hype, that are watered down and rely more on the jump scares rather than an atmospheric setting, or even story. Frictional Games have really outdone themselves on this outing, SOMA delivers on both atmosphere and story in a big way, along with some impressive scares. So here is my review:SOMA throws you into the life of Simon Jarrett, an average man whose life was turned upside down by a car crash, claiming the life of his girlfriend and leaving him with a brain injury, which is slowly creeping up on him. Like any person with death looming over their shoulder, he visits Dr. Munshi, a Doctor experimenting in brain related work, neurology to say the least. After being seated in the good doctors chair and having the machine in place, Simon however wakes up to a strange place, an underwater facility called Pathos-II, this is where the game truly begins.I have played Underwater games in the past, and enjoyed them but there was one area in particular that stood out and made me feel uncomfortable as hell. You're at the bottom of the ocean, surrounded by nothing but darkness, relying on dimly lit beacons to guide you, whilst the pressure ♥♥♥♥s with your suit and the underwater currents distort your vision even further. I myself don't deal well with the concept of the ocean, an area on our own planet which we have yet to fully explore or know about, it terrifies me, and Soma pulled at that fear. A ♥♥♥♥ up on my behalf in that same area ended up in me having to navigate without the aid of light beacons, aimlessly wandering the pitch black of the Ocean, I can safely say, I never wanted to replay that part again!The atmosphere is haunting, the music and feeling of dread really stick with you exploring Pathos. There are moments which took me by surprise, I thought I was safe after sneaking past a weeping monster, two seconds later a scripted event led to the monster charging at me. I'll admit, I'm one of these immature players who will pick up a glass or fire extinguisher and fling it at a monster for sheer amusement, but leaving laughs aside, the moral choices and events of the game will make you question what it is to be a human, what's right or wrong anymore and even the ending will leave you with bitter afterthought.Pros:- Deep, engaging story with some twists and turns you won't see coming- A powerful and atmospheric setting, ambience- Beautiful looking graphics, rivals a lot of Triple AAA standards- Interesting characters and dialogue- Variety on Monsters and enemies- Game Length- Mod availability- Afterthought of the gameCons:- No inventory system like Amnesia, which would have suited SOMA.- Don't play this game if you're prone to seizures or getting headaches, the glitching when a monster is nearby or in your FOV can really ♥♥♥♥ with you. While it's made to throw you off, it can be a little over the top.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my experience of SOMA, a beautfilly crafted horror survival game with a deep, dark story and the most atmospheric levels I've played through. Is it worth €27.99? In my own opinion, Yes! And I can see why Yahtzee Croshaw put it in his Top 5 of 2015."
,Recommended,282140,21372902,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tateybread,"Really enjoyed this game. Loved the story and atmosphere. The perfomances were great too.Some of the encounters with the 'enemies' were very tense, though others were just annoying.Worth playing through to the end though.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,21369275,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Teqonix,"If you need a tl;dr:  SOMA is an incredible story-based game with a vast amount of interesting environments, characters, and ideas that will leave you with something to think about after the roller coaster ride is over.SOMA has exceptional writing from start to finish.  The characters, the overall story, and the events that play out throughout the game are fantastic.  You develop strong connections with some characters, and others you feel genuine happiness, sadness, and anger towards as the game progresses.  It's one of the best-written games I've played in years.Not to be outdone by the writing team, the art and design of the game also stands out.  Every place you go in the game has a unique feel, and feels very fleshed out - it really does feel like you are at the bottom of the Atlantic.  I can't say much without spoiling anything, but the game is exceptionally detailed, and looks gorgeous.All that said, some of the horror elements of gameplay got annoying.  I enjoyed getting chased by baddies a couple times, but I died often enough it made me wish this game was more of a walking simulator than a 'run away' simulator.  This is a fairly minor complaint, though.Do yourself a favor and buy SOMA.  This team does great work, and the writing will leave you thinking long after you complete the game.  It's phenominal."
,Recommended,282140,21343630,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,🥃Uncle Bourbon,10/10Greatest storyline of any game I have ever played. By far.
76561198022371045,Recommended,282140,21328626,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,fezzle,This is the game BioShock should have been
,Recommended,282140,21350154,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Catovitch,"Great, immersive, old-fashioned sci-fi story which really nails the atmosphere. Remember sci-fi stories that make you think about things? This does a good job of that.Longer than I expected. I played it solidly for 3 days over two weekends.The puzzles aren't hard, but do require some thought, and make sense within the setting. Think working out how machinery is operated and then putting it into practise, rather than solving abstract chess puzzles. You feel like you're doing things you'd be doing naturally, rather than contrived puzzles inserted at random points. The puzzles also ensure it doesn't feel like you're just walking from place to place, since you have to work out what to do and how to do it. That keeps things more engaging.Exploration rewards you with more backstory, and some areas feel large or open but you've never lost or wondering which way to go, and there's usually only one path forward (possibly with some dead-ends and optional rooms or areas; sometiems the dead-ends open up later).There are moral choices to make during the story, and they are handled better than most games. They're a lot more ambiguous than is typical, and there is no god judging you down there; you play that role instead.The enemies break up the story and exploration side of things (and sometimes get in the way of exploration), which helps with pacing. On the whole they're a good addition and about right, but there were a couple of times where I wished one just wasn't there so I could more easily look around. However, once you know an area (from sacrificing yourself once or twice), and work out how the enemies behave, they're actually quite straightforward, give or take a couple of moments. (Probably quite hard for the devs to get this just right, since it's hard to know what an area is like for the first time once you know it. If you ever get frustrated, just run around, work out what to do, get killed, then do it again properly.)Graphics and sound were perfect, really. If you look at a still screenshot or certain areas, the graphics aren't always completely cutting edge (e.g. you'll notice the odd texel or polygon here and there), but when you are inside the game that is irrelevant. They do a great job and the atmosphere is completely nailed, as are the different areas and environments. Some areas look absolutely superb, too.Game ran at 1080p, 60fps, maxed settings, almost all the time on my GTX 960. Occasional drops to 45fps when standing in particular spots, but never an issue and the adaptive vsync option worked well.If you've played the great, first Amnesia (and let's not even mention the awful sequel by an unrelated team), this is less scary than that, or at least was for me. The enemies can be scary and some are similar to ones in Amnesia but something about the setting made me less afraid of them, and feel more like they didn't know what they were doing, i.e. didn't mean to hurt me but couldn't really help it. I actually liked that. The game has psychological elements but they're more in the story than the enemies, and while I enjoy the odd 'horror' game I can only play them when I'm really in the mood, whereas this I was happy to play at all hours. I really enjoyed the pacing where there are long sections of story and problem solving without crawling around in shadows fearing for your life. There *are* parts like that, and some enemies that creep you out, it's just not relentlessly like that, and it's better as a result.The ending is great, too.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,21408740,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MikatomiK,"My first Frictional game... And I gotta say, these guys appear to know what they're doing. The story is amazing, gameplay is fun if you enjoy sneaking. You feel pretty vulnerable with no weapons and spending most of the game avoiding scary♥♥♥♥♥♥ My only beef is that sometimes the monsters can become annoying, or a downright hindrance to progressing through the game. I was stuck on one area for like a week because I couldn't figure out how to get around the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and at that point, I was so frustrated it stopped being scary and became annoying. But once I got around that, it went right back to what it was before. Overall, fantastic, but odds are at some point you'll be stuck and you'll hate it for a bit unless maybe I just suck at video games :P"
76561198045385665,Recommended,282140,21383033,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SteeperSwine,I cried at the ending its so heart breckingI feel depressed 10/10 would feel depressed again.in wuss mode
76561198157509634,Recommended,282140,18497075,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mun,"Highly recommend this game if your the type of person who loves the thrill of nerve racking FPS scenes with freaky enemies!!! But the story to this game is amazing. It had me thinking the whole time and made me wonder if maybe one day, putting your mind in another body could be real. The game play of this is absolutely gorgeous. Might not be crysis like but the scenery, especially underwater, is so full of colors and beautiful marine life. The mechanics were very pleasing as almost everything is interactable an can be manipulated which is very useful when solving puzzles and getting to the next part. I enjoy the fact that there are parts of the game where the player is relaxed or solving a puzzle, then there are nerve racking moments that your on the edge of your chair with your cornea .02 mm away from your screen. Not to mention that the generally placed scares are very well scripted although the unscripted ones are just as good. Few jumpscares but i guess the five night at freddy players will enjoy those. There are other moments where the player is excited to see what happens next and all this just combines into an amazing gameplay experience. But there is something that few games have, and that is emotional reactions from the player. There are many parts in the game where you feel that you have done wrong or that you have hurt someone and it gets you attatched to the character Simon and there are certain points the player feels joy, others fear, and sometimes certain doom. Have to give this a thumbs up and i cant wait to see what the developers of this game will have next. ALSO WATCH TO THE END OF THE CREDITS ;)"
,Recommended,282140,21400047,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SmashTheTV,"If you liked either Alien Isolation or System Shock 2, you have to play this game.Also one for anybody enjoying the narrative games that are popular these days. (Gone Home, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter etc)"
,Recommended,282140,21415779,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,WeirdWizzard,"10/10 Absolutely worth every penny.This is actually my first time playing a Frictional Games game, although I am aware of Amnesia(and seen plenty playthroughs). This was, an experience and that's all I can really say. I could try to explain it and probably get my point across fairly well, but in truth it just wouldn't do it justice. Everything people are saying about ""making you think about what it means to be human"" and ""this game will stick with you after"" is all very true. This isn't a game full of jump scares. No, instead SOMA takes the route of mystery, atmosphere, and really leaving you to your thoughts, which, in my opinion is what really provides the fear. It isn't the kind of fear that makes you jump in your seat or sweat as you try not to♥♥♥♥♥♥your self. Instead, SOMA gives you that type of ""fear"" that makes you feel dirty, makes you feel ugly inside. It's always unsettling and the more you try to wrap your head around it, to more unsettling it gets.I highly recommend you let this game into your mind."
76561197970651168,Recommended,282140,21357607,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,JayST71,Awesome! What a fantastic interactive experience and a great sci-fi concept. The story is worthy of a movie and develops perfectly as it goes along. At the end of the game I enjoyed the fact that I had found the actions of the residents abhorrent but was then faced with the same decision myself and ultimately saw the full circle of the decision and why the residents made it (trying to not make any spoilers there). Certainly makes you think about what is consciousness and where do we and the organic machine that is our body end.Fantastic game and fantastic story...if you enjoy thought provoking sci-fi and a few good scares then do yourself a favour and play this game.
,Recommended,282140,18277885,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Skrymir,"If you play games for the story and don't mind the fact that this could be described by some as a ""walking simulator"" you will love this game. I would say it has a bit less gameplay than Amnesia had but that isn't a detraction from the formula in my book."
76561198085870950,Recommended,282140,18297772,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,LogicalPorkPie,My personal game of the year!Yes it is that good.
,Recommended,282140,18296472,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,cherucat,"SOMA is one of the best horror games I've encountered in a long time, because it manages to be so much more than that. I've always been a fan of Frictional Games and I enjoyed Amnesia but I always felt that while Amnesia excelled in its horror aspects, it was sorely lacking in the plot department.SOMA makes up for all of that. The characters in SOMA are compelling, and I felt incredibly drawn into the story from all of the tidbits of information you find during gameplay. Piecing together the events of whatever horrendous happenings occured at Pathos-II feels like solving a giant puzzle, and not the frustrating or overwhelming kind. The game manages to be philosophical without being cheesy or ham-handed. I felt that it was genuinely offering the player questions about humanity and consciousness while still not coming across as preachy. It wants you to reach your own conclusions.The actual horror aspect of the game is fantastic. It has its fair share of monsters of all different types, including one with the ability to warp wherever it pleases. The unpredictability of a monster's movement, the hiding and trying desperately to locate the sound of its footsteps--that is what made this game so scary for me. The plot of the game really uplifts this aspect of it in my opinion as well; the monsters are terrifying, yes, but I felt this desire to knowwhatthey were and where they came from that I often don't feel in your run-of-the-mill horror game.I also have to note that Catherine is one of my favorite characters I've ever encountered in a game. I don't want to spoil much, but she is complex and layered in the way arealperson is and I really enjoyed having her accompany me throughout the game. SOMA has no desire to present characters that are good or bad, simply flawed, and that is something I love about it."
,Recommended,282140,18298077,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GLOCKPARTY,instant classic
76561198034502616,Recommended,282140,18298346,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,unbentcrayfish,"Seems that people either love or hate this game. When you hear its by the creaters of Amnesia you think it will be like the game. But its a completely different type of game. I found Soma to be scarier than Amnesia, but its all how you immerse yourself in the game. I took my time finding every bit of story I could, about 10 hours for thirty bucks. Seems like a good use of money to me."
,Recommended,282140,18298507,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Tremors Van Zant,"I have over 500 games on my account, of all of them I would put this in my top 15 favorites. I'm not finished with the game yet, and I'm not sure how far in I am as I write this (Somewhere right before DUNBAT), but it definitely stands out. So far it isn't as ""balls in your face"" scary as Amnesia was, but the horror elements definitely round out the experience. In fact, I don't think this game could work as well in any other way, the horror is simply necessary.The reason the horror aspect is so essential is because of the philosophical nature of the story. This is one of very few games I've played where I think that players should focus on absorbing the story elements and considering them in a serious manner. If anything, SOMA is like reading a paper on the concept of Neuro-copying and philosophical and ethical problems of said topic. And this is where the horror elements comes into play. The idea of being human one moment, and then the next you're essentially an android or computer program is, well, scary. One of the first characters you meet after the introduction is suffering for delusions as a result of his own inability to accept his fate as a robot.That a game can set out to tackle a near-future issue in such a way that doesn't feel ridiculous or underestimated is fantastic. The moral and ethical ramifications of neuro-copying are well-considered and integrated into the story in a way that makes them feel like a primary goal of the developers. Frictional could have easily relegated the whole philosophical side of the game to flavor text and simply focused on scaring the player, but they didn't. It's at the forefront of the experience and, as a player, if you ignore this aspect of the game you're not going to get nearly as good of an experience.So, to back up, the horror element of the game (as far as I am) has been more of an existential one rather than a spooky-boo-monster one (Amnesia, for instance). Sure, there are plenty of tense moments, and there are parts that will make a lot of players panic, but those moments aren't the main focus. The puzzle solving has been trimmed back since Amnesia it seems, with puzzles have a solution requiring a bit of exploring instead of carrying items around.I'm going to cut this short here, there are plenty of other things to talk about, but with Frictional Games at this point the quality is a given. Physics, sound design, graphics, puzzles, etc are all pretty top notch. I haven't experienced any significant bugs or glitches. Let's just say that this game is definitely a contender for GOTY."
76561198114202288,Recommended,282140,18296307,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GreenishQ8,"This is a huge improvement from Amnesia games, story wise. In several points throughout the game you will stop for sometime to consider your choices. And the ending will leave you in deep thinking about the human life. I highly reccomend it for the unique experince you will get while playing it!"
,Recommended,282140,18284451,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SuckMySos,Great StoryAmazing GameplayUnbelievable Audio and Visual DesignA game so good I had to change my underwear evey hour10/10 Would Get Brain Scanned Again
,Recommended,282140,18167483,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Alpser-,"The story of this game is amazing and that ending oh god. Good quality and atmosphere, if you are scared of water then you are screwed"
76561197972730530,Recommended,282140,18284530,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,chuckroddy,"Probably the best work of Frictional Games so far. Good story, nice environment, had great set pieces. The hiding sections weren't too frustrating this time around, and I really didn't get stuck anywhere.Some crashes early on, nothing too major. Loading screens are a bit slow in some areas."
,Recommended,282140,18285128,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SpooglyWoogly,Its been a long time since I started a game and just couldn't stop playing until it was done.Also despite its fairly one wayed storylined it is worthy of a second playthrough just to catch all the details.
76561198025880807,Recommended,282140,18285181,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Toaster,"SOMA was an amazing game. I purchased it on a whim and I am absolutely enthralled with it. This game satisfied an itch for a new survival and horror game that had long gone unscratched. Aside from the minor story issues and game mechanics that are inherent to almost every game, I give this a 9.9/10."
76561198083915002,Recommended,282140,18283799,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,AxeonPrime,Wow! What a experience. A crazy story with a dark yet sorta hopeful ending. It has a good story and gameplay. Simple gameplay but its the atmosphere really grabs you. If you liked Alien isolation youll like this. Its not as depthful as Alien isolation with it has no crafting like that game. This one is mostly about the journey and how story mess's with your mind.Really enjoyed this and I recommend it. Its not crazy long but its descent 12hrs for me to complete without running through it.
76561197962903254,Recommended,282140,18284156,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Evil Cinnabun,Very interesting plot / story. Well done. Runs on Linux!
76561197968896982,Recommended,282140,18284277,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,2M1C,"Provacative, thrilling, cyber-punk adventure in the style of amnesia from the great folks at frictional games. Can't wait for more from these guys. At 30$ this is a must buy. Seriously. Buy it now."
,Recommended,282140,18285517,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,zAnkle™,"GAH, THAT ENDING!"
76561198146505586,Recommended,282140,18285895,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DalekCaan,"I have to say that SOMA a great horror game and im not a huge fan of them. the game sort of reminds me of bioshock but more tension in it and futuristic. SOMA makes us think of our consequences and question what is alive and in what form. What  I really like is that WAU is not truly your enemy but more of a saviour then again ""all paths to hell start with good intentions"" i think that is the saying."
,Recommended,282140,18280906,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ALI #MHz,Awesome game! Loved Amnesia and the creators!
,Recommended,282140,18280003,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,isis vape rape,"If you like horror and good story lines, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,282140,18280357,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rlyeh,"Very good game with an incredible atmosphere and sound design. Aside from the AI which can be quite buggy, Frictional Games created, again, a great horror game."
76561197971035823,Recommended,282140,18749156,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Stepalex,"Awesome in every way - from story, to gameplay, to graphics. One of the best game sound designs I've ever 'heard'."
,Recommended,282140,18750738,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Zeddexx,"This has to be one of my absolute favorite games. The gameplay is intuitive, smooth, and immersive. The story is deep, thought-provoking, and terrifying; even more so than the enemies. Of course, in its current state, the game isn't very well optimized. The current system requirements are not accurate. Either that, or my PC has some compatibility issues. EIther way, its an amazing game. Definitely worth your thirty bucks. Just don't play it before you go to bed if you're a deep thinker.10/10 would have existential crisis again."
76561198040987827,Recommended,282140,18739717,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,PistFissed,"Well, let's be clear about this now.  Be as brutal or as gentle in this game as you want; the ending it the same no matter what you do, no matter who you save or kill.  Hell, if I'm being honest, kill everyone--this way you get more story.  If you leave them to live, you probably missed out on *just a little bit more narrative.*  You will generally get 100% of the achievements as long as you stop and listen to the narration as it comes.Actually a pretty cool game, but I personally felt like the protagonist is a big dumbass.Goddamn it, I screwed with 90% of the random crap in this game and filled a trashcan with so much crap that the game lagged for two minutes while things settled in there.  Just ignore 99% of the random garbage that you can interact with.It is an interesting approach to the idea of how advanced artificial intelligence would work... if it was as stupid as your average human.  Seriously, any AI with compting power unlimited by basic human ""needs"" would have far outclassed any base human intelligence.Anywho, I actually liked the game enough to finish it.  Yeah, this is a positive review only for the fact that it does spur you to think about these things.  I didn't come to any new conclusions.  But you might.  And the developers are pretty damn sharp."
76561198019732536,Recommended,282140,18743381,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Apocalypse_Dude,One of the best games I have played in a long time.The atmosphere is on point and this game finds a perfect balance to strike fear and curiosity at the same time.Even after finishing it you can't forget what you experienced along the way.
76561198079740992,Recommended,282140,18746197,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,haysb,"Overall very good. The story has a good start and end, and for most of the game works quite well. The gameplay is pretty good too; plenty of tense moments, although I will say the monsters were lacking in creativity a bit. I feel like they could have worked harder on some of the voice acting; particularly on a lot of the audio logs. Still very worth playing and would certainly say its worth buying."
76561198076324278,Recommended,282140,18815102,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Disturbingly Fuzzy Sausages,"employs a feeling of helplessness just as excellently as frictional's other creations with a futuristic, underwater feel. The doors are too strong to be broken down by the monsters but the monsters can open doors, thus allowing you to temporarily trap monsters in the rooms. Getting out of the room without getting whacked over the head is a different matter."
,Recommended,282140,18796306,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ƸOƷ,"I went into SOMA cautiously after having played Amnesia and seen its horrors. I expected something grotesque, invasive, immersive, disturbing, and fearsome. I got all of these things out of SOMA. I didn't expect to weep because of my choices; to reconsider what I had done based on new information. I certainly didn't expect to put myself in the place of Simon time and time again only to realize at the end that I never truly put myself in his shoes. Simon was a good person. I thought I was a good person. I now doubt both of these things. And I don't think I will think the same way about the human mind again."
,Recommended,282140,18795600,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Speider,"The game was very interesting. I really liked this new setting, and the story was interesting enough that I had to look up some things afterwards that I didn't quite get while playing through the game, which I don't normally do at all.I personally like games that don't overuse jumpscares and such, but try to build up the scare, which I think SOMA did to some degree.I'm not good at writing reviews, but I personally think this game was good. So if you want to play a 10-12 hour scary game, then go ahead and buy it!"
76561198011420601,Recommended,282140,18797559,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Nandy Rewman,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good
,Recommended,282140,18798129,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,OP-1 Alto,THIS GAME IS SO FREEKIN SCAREY!It is a gracefully simplistic game and that is a good thing. Puzzles are not too difficult. The atmosphere is top notch. Sound and lighting is super eery.144fps on my G-Sync 2560x1440 IPS monitor. GORGEOUS!Definately worth a BUY!
,Recommended,282140,18813820,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,PhiberOptik,"I was skeptical after an absolute slew of titles have come out in the suvival horror genre that have started to do the same thing that happened in FPS'; just more and more of the same exact experience. However, SOMA does such a fantastic job at settting atmosphere with the immaculately constructed environments, killer lighting, texturing, sound, and music coming from someone thats literally played them ALL since Resident Evil #1, this one is definitely worth your time."
76561198041116349,Recommended,282140,18810253,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,The Bronze Knight,10/10I never thought there would be a game as amazing as this one. It is truely remarkable howI never thought there would be a game as amazing as this one. It is truly remarkable how detailed and well written this game is. This has become my new favorite game of all time and I have played many games but this one by have has the best game-play and best story. If you are even considering this game I can assure you that it is well worth the money. I am truly blown away and hope that another game like this will be made but chances are this is a one of a kind. I love the sci-fi horror aspect along with the constant consideration for what it means to be alive. I can't wait to do another playthrough and learn more about the game world.
,Recommended,282140,18816954,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,CUDGEdaveUK,"""Lovely Stuff!""-Not my words,but the words of 'Shakin' Stevens'."
,Recommended,282140,18965240,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,ニコラス,"""The unwanted child""This is the story of a ♥♥♥♥Her name is ""Amnesia""She´s having sex with a manSuffering from somaesthesiaHis name is ""Big Daddy""He is ready to have sexShe just want to be naughtyAnd she´s ready for the next""Isaac Clarke"" is who she callIt´s him the lucky guyShe let him do it allThat girl is not so very shySince then 9 months had pastThe time just seems to fly""SOMA"" is born you should hide fastBecause now you f#cking die.(Steam Horror Poems 2015 ©)"
,Recommended,282140,30602523,Posted: 18 March,all,PeeT,Mind♥♥♥♥y goodness
,Recommended,282140,18885496,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Grimby,"Just absolutely fantastic. I just finished it and I am speechless. The story is thought provoking, original, and mindblowing. Yes, it is not quite as scary as Amnesia. It will however keep you on the edge of your seat as the scary moments were quite intensely horrifiying. But where this game really excels is it's depth and insightful atmosphere. I kept playing not for cheap thrills but becuase I had to know how it would end. And time after time the game delivered, right up until the perfect end. It will make you think and question what it is to be human, and I loved it."
,Recommended,282140,18917034,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,CheezMak3r,"So, after spending about 12 hours ingame (note that i like to enjoy and walk around and explore stuff, no rush) i can say that this game is worth it. It is not a horror game, although it has some horror feeling to it, i would say its a good novel to experience for yourself. If it would be a book i would definitely read it and add it to my collection.Sounds in this game are really good, i was playing in dark and with quite lound sound and it was immersive.Graphics engine maybe is not the top highest out there but guys did a great job with it, each place looks really good, nothing that feels too repetitive (doom3, fear khem). I enjoyed exploring facilities before advancing, reading papers, seeing pictures.All in all it is not masterpiece but it is worth playing!P.S. - Ending could have been  a  bit more dramatic."
,Recommended,282140,18959688,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Foogle,2 spooky
,Recommended,282140,18975561,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Charrgaff,"The short answer is that Soma is worth your time, especiallly if you are into Sci-Fi and ethics.The game is very atmospheric, dense, and thought-provoking throughout. I recommend devoting your full attention to the Soma while playing it. Would you try and multitask or talk to friends while reading a good book!?!? Absolutely not!!!!The story is self-contained, or; doesn't rely on a bunch of unexplainable concepts to develop a sense of dread. The the buildup, climax, and ending are developed logically, with an inevitable and real conclusion. The final sequence is something that you might have expected to happen all along, but never came to terms with.Humanity, conciousness, and personhood. The game examines all of these topics, and puts the player in positions where one must decide what the most ethical choice is. Making the right decision is difficult; not a clear-cut good vs. bad scenario. These decisions may not affect the game directly, but instead result in changes in perpective, or how the player views certain aspects of the storyline. These decisions also force the player's morals into the open. How do you personally view humanity, conciousness, and personhood? What are your definitions? What evidence is there to back up those definitions? The true horror arises when you discover that there are errors in your thought process. How can you rationalize what is going on around you, and how can you define yourself in the world?So, anyway, good game!"
,Recommended,282140,19004748,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,caitseith,"Not as scary as Amnesia, but way better than AmfPThe horror is arguable less frequent than in Amnesia; but when it is present, it's with the familiar Frictional Games' charm. Sneaking enemies you can not look directly, chasing sequences, disturbing monsters and unnerving enviroments are all part of this game's features. And it's complemented by a deep plot that demands to the player to make thought-provoking decisions. However this time the protagonist isn't silent, and eventually he gets company whom he can converse with, which sometimes diminishes the sense of horror, but develops the main character better. It may sound like a bad trade-off; but I still got nightmares from the game, so I can't really complain much about that.With such intriguing story and good horror, SOMA is still another example of why Frictional Games is still one the best in horror games."
76561198219690668,Recommended,282140,19026363,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Agent J14,"Very Brilliant!!! Stunningly horrific and it will mess your mind psychologically.,... I like this game very much.."
76561198071407053,Recommended,282140,18981111,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,instantxlunch,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this has to be one of the best if not the best  story driven games i have ever played came in such a perfect time in my life
76561197980102108,Recommended,282140,19011634,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,darkscorpion93,"Really Really Good :)Monsters in the game really add to the scare factor and can leave you visibly rattled with the adrenaline pumping like crazy!Lot of running about interacting with computers and learning backstory, which is actually pretty good.I like the balance between open ended choices, logic planning and puzzle solving, a bit of horror and an amazing settingNeeds a very powerful pc to run on max 60fps so weak gpus need not apply.9/10"
76561198068136069,Recommended,282140,19011473,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,outlawsuperstar,Great!!!!!!
,Recommended,282140,19016183,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,xSavageryx,One of the funnest games I have played in a while. I have only played 5 hours of it but the story is so unique and the monsters are getting worse and worse!! love it!
,Recommended,282140,19021528,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Reule,Frictional Games evolved from the haunted mansion to an even better setting.This game was totally worth my time and pants.
,Recommended,282140,19023451,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,RainyDay,"One of the best story-intensive games I have ever played. The atmosphere is superb, oppressive, alien and disconcerting, it never stops feeling this way as it keeps introducing new environments and narrative, which I can only admire for being so well writen and thought provoking.This is a horror game, and the fact that I, being kind of averse to this kind of game, as I do feel genuinely uneasy when playing games of this genre, is already a big compliment. In fact, I've had to exit the game more than once due to being too scared to continue and I will also confess to reading up what was next on walkthroughs, in an effort to make the game less scary for myself. However, I've also always had the desire to get back and continue where I left off, just to learn more about the beautiful and broken world of SOMA.I definately recommend this, you might have a bit of a rough time I've you're the sensitive type like me, but oh boy is it worth it."
76561198229878640,Recommended,282140,19024216,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,mtndewisgud,"Being the huge fanboy of sci-fi horror that I am, I loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out this game. An immersive story, terrifying mosters, and an overall feeling of isoltion. At times I even felt Alien:Isolation vibes. While everyone is nergasming about Fallout 4 I was putting my time towards SOMA. Yes, other games like Fallout 4 may have entertaining gameplay as well as a decent story, and don't get me wrong, I love TPS and FPS as much as the next guy, but games like Amnesia or SOMA just have such a deep, immersive story, which I find very appealing. Bottom line, if you like Amnesia or Penumbra, get SOMA, I promise you wont regret it.*cheers*"
76561198088068819,Recommended,282140,18895718,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Fanboy1788,meh
76561198007515094,Recommended,282140,18896657,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Alan Harkleroad,"If you liked BIOSHOCK you will like this game. Rich environments, killer atmosphere. For a non weapons based game where you are just trying to piece together what happened. Its a stellar offering. I only found one or two times where they game mechanics annoyed me. But overall I loved it."
,Recommended,282140,18898092,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MottSpott,"I'm just another member of the choir. This isn't as scary as Dark Descent, but its story is infinitely better. It has been a long time since a game has stuck with me long after actually playing it. Since Planescape: Torment, maybe?Be ready for some heady stuff to mull over!Also, I don't think I've ever cared so much about a horror genre protagonist. Good job making me empathize with Simon, Frictional."
76561198050767558,Recommended,282140,18899145,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CrazyJakeoo7,"This is another great horror game made by Frictional Games. It is more story based than their previous games, which is good, and it doesn't lack on the horror aspect either. There are a variety of monsters to hunt you down too. Each one looks different and acts different. Anyone who loves horror games should definitely play this."
,Recommended,282140,18899255,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pvt. Max,"i'm 6 hours into this game right now, i haven't finished it. this game is incredible. the story this game has to tell is better than any game i've ever played and makes you think about what being a human means and what being alive even means. that being said if you are sensitive it can draw tears at some point. i can't say this game is all flying colors though. the enemies in this game blow total♥♥♥♥♥and are essentially just game lengthening tools. they aren't particularly scary and they are really only there to make you slow down the pace of the game. thankfully there are mods that actually remove enemies in certain areas that they are useless in so you can grab one of those if it's really bothering you. all in all 9/10 game. everything is wicked good except for the enemies."
76561198060590934,Recommended,282140,18900833,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ak84092,"One of the best games I've ever played. Immersive and irresistible with some great, heart-pounding moments of terror. What really made this game amazing though was the story line/game concept. More than just providing a few scares in a well-designed world, this game explores some profound philosophical and psychological questions that our species will undoubtedly have to face in the coming decades. There is so much to this game-- so many layers. MUST PLAY!"
76561198070863733,Recommended,282140,18902838,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Metron4,"The horror aspects are eclipsed by the immersive storyline. confusing at times, but nevertheless compelling."
76561198013021253,Recommended,282140,18918120,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,patch101,"A ton better than Machine for Pigs (which was disapointing). Even though its not as great as the frictional games of the past, I REALLY enjoyed this game. It left me thinking about it for days afterwards. 10 hours of gameplay roughly."
,Recommended,282140,18888638,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Gerge Wahshintin,"Tasty graphics, Tense gameplay and a great story so far.This is the horror game I've been waiting for!"
76561198090741968,Recommended,282140,18891990,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hellslaughtr10,"This game is very good, if you like horror games then this is your game. It's this weird psychological game where you think about what it truely means to be human. Living on planet earth is a gift that we take advantage of. We don't give back as much as we should because earth is less than a fraction of the universe, one little asteroid could wipe out earth and everything on it. This game is deep and brings intense feels, I love this game and you should too"
,Recommended,282140,18915022,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,daiowl,Under water horror from the makers of Amnesia: The Dark Descent? HELL YES!10/10 YOU SHOULD BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE SCARY SEA THINGS
76561197970544327,Recommended,282140,18857395,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,RadH77,absolutely riveting storyline that presents many ethical / psychological dilemas. Some jump scares / horror elements but nothing to be too afraid.audio effects are stunning and the whole design of Pathos 2 is very thought out with a lot of attention to details.ABSOLUTELY RECOMMENDED if you are fan of SCI-FI / Horror genre.
,Recommended,282140,18853008,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rage,A must-play for fans of the horror genre. Meticulously well designed and nuanced settings allow you to flex your detective muscle with familiar dungeon crawler dilemmas. In this kafkaesque world all of your defenses and all of your best laid plans will shatter like glass when pitted against a world you think is real.
,Recommended,282140,18829735,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,eiectrify,One of the best games atm for mejust dont die in-game
76561198070980564,Recommended,282140,18847284,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,mrmateo1,"If alien isolation, bioshock, and amnesia had a child, it would be called SOMA"
,Recommended,282140,18847816,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,an actual hot spring cat,An amazing game that touches on conundrums that I have thought about quite a bit allready in my life. The gameplay is tense and the atmosphere had me half filled with wonderment and half filled with terror.100% for the ~$20 that I spent on it for the ten hours I played.I'm going to be thinking about this one for a while.
,Recommended,282140,18848820,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Cheshyr,Elements of Half-Life and Bioshock combine with a unique plot to create a gripping story of humanity and survival at any cost.
,Recommended,282140,18849053,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,NorBdelta,"I have not yet played the previous iterations (Amnesia) but I have to say this game has some truly terrifying and heart pounding moments that I have not experienced since Dead Space 1. The graphics are superb, the in game sound is amazing from heart beats to accidentally knocking over bucketsI will say that the enemy (?) encounters are a very small portion of the game proper and the rest is piecing together what is happening or completing whatever the current objective is. I find it perfectly suitable for this game.What I truly enjoyed most of all was the philosophical questions posed by the games creators with regards to copies of human personalities and minds. Especially with regards to what is me?Throughout the game the main character after discovering how he came to where he is and discovering what he is, attempts to come to terms with his biological self-dying in the past and you play as his digital copy resurrected 100 years later. Are you still Simon? Is the old dead Simon the only real version? Such solipsism and eschatological conundrums have the player thinking more than just surviving. Mixed in with some truly emotional realisations throughout the game makes it truly a unique mix of horror, suspense, and philosophical contemplation. Towards the end it is a serious emotional rollercoaster.Last point, though choices need to be made through the progression of the game that challenge the moral framework of the player, attempting to decide the best fate in truly unique occurrences and each decision I found tugged at raw emotional strings. A game like this one truly challenge what kind of person you are in a way that real life most likely never will."
76561197977669311,Recommended,282140,18841765,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,yevgeniy.lushtak,I did not care for their earlier games but this one nails it.  It has been a good while since I felt this engrossed in a game.  I beat it in one siting on a Sunday.  Highlly recommend.  The enemy mechanic is a bit annoying at times but it does not come up that often.  The tension certainly mounts and the experience is immersive.The philosophical ideas are a bit sophomoric but definiltey more sophisticated than one would expect from a video game.  I would not say that it will blow your mind but it is a nice touch.
76561198002129491,Recommended,282140,18941423,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,okvee,"Just really good game, great sound design and atmosphere. Would definitely recommend if you like story-rich games."
,Recommended,282140,18941658,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,yandexx,Yes. Better than Amnesia.
,Recommended,282140,18941761,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nicolas,one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198010457449,Recommended,282140,18827376,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,squidiot,"This game was amazing! It is one of the very very few games that have kept my attention long enough to complete it. Completed in one sitting and don't regret a moment. Best endingThere were a few problems that occured while it was running, but didn't take the time to adjust settings to see if they could be fixed that way :There was intermittent pausing and stuttering, stuttering noticed during dialogue playback, pausing/hanging occured a couple times every hour regardless of dialogue playbacks, but never when running from something scary go figure hahaIt would also kick me to my desktop every hour or so, was able to click back on the taskbar icon and get back in with no problems. This is probably something to do with Steam itself, it occurs on at least one other steam game less frequently and that game crashes when it occursAbout the ending :The first ending itself is fantastic and, in my opinion, should've just left off there. Sure, the second ending is 'happier' but that wasn't the Simon we were playing as. We didn't experience the endings of the previous Simon's so why that one?"
,Recommended,282140,18934880,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Gold Virus,"I wasn't a fan of A Machine for Pigs, so when I picked up Soma I was a little worried I was going to get burned again. The opposite happened - I ended up liking this game even more than Amnesia, and it's one of my favorite games of all time now.The story really makes you think, and the actual gameplay is fun with controls that are easy to pick up. The difficulty is really well balanced for the most part - there are a couple parts that are maybe a little too hard, but those are few and far between. There were several times where I wanted to give up because the game was too scary, but I desperately wanted to know what happened next in the story so I forced myself to keep playing. No regrets.9.5/10, would question life again"
76561198046812352,Recommended,282140,18935587,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sezostris,"What i can say... I think simple words cannot reflect depth which is contained in this game. Even more, ""game"" is probably bad definition of this... Masterpiece. Its more like... Warning? Message? Vision? Its really up to Your interpretation.Judgement of this game is heavily dependant of one's mentality... If You look for a game that will make your pants dirty from sh*t, titles like Outlast or even Five nights at freddys are probably better choices. While SOMA definitely contains some terrifying moments, its real, real horror aspect is aimed mostly at Your imagination and... ability to swim in ocean of abstraction.For me, personally, that game was shocking experience. Best money ever spent. Since years i never had such mindf*ck like after finishing this title... God, i had few nights full of thoughts about... Nevermind, no spoilers here ;) If You consider Yourself as a sensitive, intelligent human being... If You can think very deeply, You can see the second bottom of things... This is simply a MUST BUY. No game before shattered me in such emotional way. Story was better than countless books and films i watched in my life. While for many SOMA may be average horror game... For me it was psychological masterpiece. It released in my soul many thoughts, dilemmas which i never had before... During game i had many moments when - before next step - i just had to stop and fight with my soul, remind to myself definition of good and evil... Because here, in SOMA world... You have to create these definitions again. You are at same time the sin, and salvation... SOMA will drown You in river of feelings.Maybe im just some wicked guy. I believe it was not just game... its sort of hidden message from creators. One of the best hidden messages i ever seen. Its just ART. Art of whispering to user between graphic and sound. You really dont have to trust me and believe in awesomeness of this game. But i must admit it... i already miss this game. First time in my life i felt so much pain just... By finishing game. Somewhere in my mind im still with Simon. i am sure i will remember SOMA for many, many years. Be carefull, my dear friend. This game can open Your eyes for things You may not want to see... and FEEL."
76561198023105909,Recommended,282140,18951273,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Cerulean,"Calling SOMA a horror game sells it short. Yes, it IS freaking scary, but under all that scary there are deep philosophical dilemmas and questions about what it means to be human.And that's why this game is awesome.If you enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, you will most certainly enjoy this one."
76561198067110826,Recommended,282140,18954128,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ginger Beard Daddy,"10/10 Frictional Games does not dissapoint. Amazing plot, interesting and deep lore and emotional characters. I hope every single one of their future games will be as good as SOMA and Amnesia Dark Descent, I am so happy that they took the risk to make a really different story and setting than what your average ""indie"" game nowdays contains. Obviously this game is not for everyone, if you like happy ever afters, puzzle solving that does not require any brain functions and non-existing backstories this game is not for you. Also, if you wanted an Amnesia copy, stay away from this jewel.This game was just spectacular experience and thought provoking."
76561197960962642,Recommended,282140,18950656,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bnanane,My personal favorite game 2015
76561198034043527,Recommended,282140,18955827,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Crux®,Best game I have played in a very long time. Absolutly amazing and a real classic.
,Recommended,282140,18374800,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,AverageSparrow,This game will make you cry. Often. Don't pretend it didn't.
,Recommended,282140,18176220,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,RakNoel,"This is most likely the absolute BEST horror-game i have ever played. This game really knows how to mess with your head and turn your world upside down. The best comparrison i can draw here, is to bioshock infinate. If you truely go into this game and the story, there is no doubt this game is going to leave you with ethical questions. And it left me questioning the verry definition of life itself.Is it as scarry as Amnesia? No, the enemy AI is basicly blind and the game is easy in that matter. But the story and lore is what really keeps you staring at the screen, afraid of whats arround the next corner. Played it for about 10 hrs, and will play it again."
,Recommended,282140,18176282,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,BeanDew,"YES!This game is a fabulous example of the amazing things that Frictional Studios can produce.Wonderful narrative, frightening enemies, wonderful leves, and the ending is fantastically done!I would 100% reccomend this game to whomever wishes to play an immersive Sci-Fi horror game that truely does what it sets out for, which is, obviously, to be scary and enjoyable."
,Recommended,282140,18168967,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,RagnarokDel,I would recommend this game when on sale. Right now I think it's too short and the gameplay too shallow to justify that 30$ price tag. It'd give it a 5/10 or a 6/10
,Recommended,282140,18169411,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,YOREM_KASTOR,Joyful game.
,Recommended,282140,18169465,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,KunFuzi,Frictional does it again!Their best work so far.
,Recommended,282140,18155519,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rowch,"had fun for about six hours until i died, save corrupted, and now the game won't load.it was still fun though."
76561198005282220,Recommended,282140,18155591,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Pen Stroke Pony,"Some may come in expecting the same level of horror as Amnesia, and be slightly disappointed. The game, however, does not suffer because of it in my eyes. It wholely accomplishes what I feel it is trying to do, and that it's themes strike deep to the core. Soma is a beautiful game, story, and arguably piece of art provoking thought on what it means to be a sentient creature."
,Recommended,282140,18155899,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Spaced,"What an experience.  One of the most finely crafted stories I've had the pleasure to play through in a game.  Amazing sound design and voice acting.  An unsettling but intriguing atmosphere that begs you to push forward.  The hide-and-seek sections aren't particularly challenging or inspired (same with the ""puzzles""), but they seem like mere speedbumps on the road towards experiencing the unfolding story.  The audio logs, Catherine's companionship, photos of a lost world, the Wau's devastation - everything seems to come together to form a truly memorable adventure.If you're a fan of thoughtful science fiction, this is simply a must-buy."
,Recommended,282140,18154851,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,The Jade Sea,"This game is fantastic.The horror elements are almost purely psychological, with some of the old-school ""enemies that can getcha"" here and thereThe dialog is fluid and flows directly from player actions and NPC actions rather than feeling forcedThe sounds, from the music to crackling static, are all incredibly well doneI want to replay it to see what differences I can make, even if they're minor. I've also become attached to the two main characters, I don't want to let them go yet. There's a lot of speculation that can go on surrounding the game, most of the main plot points are answered but there remain a number of unanswered topics.I highly recommend SOMA."
,Recommended,282140,18170439,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,skλgnita(),"Story is good, gameplay is good. I definately recommend it. My only complaint is that I spent the majority of my time searching for and opening compartments/lockers/drawers and not finding anything."
76561197970619413,Recommended,282140,18170444,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,aimmy79,"looks at the couch. ""oh well, it's ok. just a couple small drops of pee."""
,Recommended,282140,18170586,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,deejaydrogba,"I can't believe how this story got me until the end. The emotions after finishing were overwelming. I can't help to say but this setting was one of the best I've come across in games. Also they returned the modding option, I can't wait to see what the community brings in :D Thank you for this experience!"
,Recommended,282140,18170681,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,SigmaSolitude,"SOMA offers a very interesting story and an even more impressive environment for it. The games greatest strengths are in the interesting mystery as it unfolds and the desire to learn more about the fate of the crew of the Pathos 2 facility will drive you forward. However, if you are looking at getting this game for it's horror, you may want to look elsewhere as many of the monster encounters are predictable and not very frightening (except for one perticular journey outside of the facility which was actually terrifying). Many of the encounters feel more like obstacles and chores to deal with than organic encounters as well which can really bring you out of the experience. That being said, apart from some minor pacing issues and sometimes difficult to understand story elements this game offers a great journey for anyone hungry for a story driven horror title, especially for anyone who loves mystery. If you are more into the horror aspect though, I would recommend Outlast or Alien Isolation instead, although I am not particularly scared of games like this in general so others could enjoy SOMAs horror more than meOverall good game, although a bit pricey for a 10 hours, I give SOMA a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,18169759,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Wild Growth Music,"Frictional gaming are known for tellling unsetteling stories, without the need of crazy cutscenes, explosions or high-end graphics. They typically draw you into their stories with fantastic sound design, excellent maps and atmosphere, terrifying enemies and great music. Soma is on par with Frictionals usually high level of fidelity and quality. Though this time pushed to the next level, in a highly familiar genre we all got to know and love through their previous stories Penumbra and Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Even though familiar, this title feels oh so fresh and brings something new to the table.Every part of the game feels very rooted in a reality which seem like a possible outcome of our lack of care for our home world, and it is this idea that constantly evolves as you progress. The more you play, the more it becomes clear that a future without makind is possible if we don't become more proactive and forward thinking with future consequences in mind.Finally, the most interesting part of this game are all the thoughts it provokes. What does it really mean to be a human? What is conciousness? Where do we draw the line when it comes to being alive? How is our future on this earth going to look in 100, 200, 500 years? How will our race evolve with this continuously evolving technological and progressive world we share, which seem to speed up exponentially both in terms of expectancy and demand of where we should be as a race and technologically.Yes, the game is not perfect, but it delivers such a joyous ride that those small inconsistencies are easily overlooked. 10/10 Will play many times..."
,Recommended,282140,18170093,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Craigfriend,"I don't think I've ever played a game that gave me such an intoxicating combination of depression, amazement, and curiosity, while at the same time making me question my own existence.  Thank you, Frictional.. that was an amazing piece of storytelling. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18167333,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MURDERBOT 9000,"Cautious ""yes"" if you're a fan of Frictional Games. All of the fun ""little"" interactions are intact from Frictional's engine, but after playing for 1-2 hours the game is beginning to feel a bit like a ""walking sim"". This was my biggest complaint with The Chinese Room's sequel to Amnesia: The Dark Descent."
,Recommended,282140,18167586,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Aberrate,"I am a veteran for Frictional's games after having played Penumbra and Amnesia, this feels like a natural continuation for their storytelling and really shows off just how far this company has come. The visuals were exceptional, apart from a couple muddy textures(glitches?) it was very stunning to look at. The atmosphere really sells the game, as it progresses it gets darker and more claustrophobic, the whole world seems like it closes in around you with the pressure of the deep ocean. The sound design is also stellar in this title, and helps you navigate away from the world's enemies and can be creepy at times.However, in comparison to the older titles of Frictional, this is less of a horror game and more psychological and story driven. Some parts could be tense but I never really felt that absolute dread like what the invisible puddle monsters in Amnesia gave me. It gives you some interesting things to think about and keeps pace pretty well, with lots of areas to explore and listen to logs or memories of crew to piece things together. I feel that the puzzles are a bit simple some times and you can get turned around in the dark quickly, but there are not too many other shortcomings. The whole game took me just over 10 hours of playing and I managed to get every achievement through the progression. There may be some points with alternatives that I had not explored.All in all, it lends itself to be an interesting science fiction title set in a fantastic environment, and I would recommend it for seasoned Frictional fans and horror/scifi enthusiasts."
,Recommended,282140,18167598,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Jarnbjorn,Fisted some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking things 10/10
76561197972531466,Recommended,282140,18167654,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,etornow,"Just finished, I took 8 hours, definitely recommend for story and atmosphere.  I got more out of this than a lot of full priced $60 games.It looks kinda like Bioshock, has the atmosphere of Dead Space/Alien Isolation, and similar thematic elements to The Talos Principle.  There was one ""Oh Wow"" story moment for me, and while the rest was somewhat predictable it was still a very fun ride nevertheless.Puzzles were a little hit and miss, with the hits being very satisfying and the misses not overly annoying.  I never got stuck on anything stupid for very long.  Gameplay isn't anything special, but honestly the story kept me wanting to move forward and the atmosphere/tension kept it interesting along the way.  It's not like Alien Isolation where I rage quit every 30 minutes.I definitely appreciate games like this and I want to see more, so I am more than happy I was able to support the developer by purchasing this game.8.5/10"
76561198181534819,Recommended,282140,18167767,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,myotheracount101,"I've played ALOT of games and i never write reviews for them but this game is just.. mindblowing. The story line was amazing and disturbing all at the same time and the monsters were equally as terrifying. At one point i was scared so bad it felt like my nerves were fried for the next hour. I would rate this 100 out of 10 stars. Anyone who is looking for a good horror game, you could not find a better game."
,Recommended,282140,19373500,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Snoooze,"I'm going to recommend this game, because it's truly scary. Full clench all the time. It's pretty fantastic. It rivals Bioshock in creepy, underwater world-ness. Truly a fantastic atmosphere, with terrifying monsters and wonderfully chaotic chase scenes.My only major problem is that I've had to do parts over and over again because, it seems, when the game triggers a checkpoint ""Auto Save"" it has the chance to freeze and crash. I've had, roughly, ten crashes so far in 7 hours. That's a few too many for my liking. I understand a couple here or there, but it's almost, ALLLLMOST, game breaking for me. I lose all immersion when it happened, because it sucks me out of the game world and into real life where I now have to troubleshoot another crash.I'm not sure if this is a normal occurrence, or just my install, but nothing I do seems to fix it and I encounter no notable crashing in other games I play on this pc. If it were a bit more stable, this would be a 10/10, but still, it sits at a 9/10 for me thus far."
,Recommended,282140,19375563,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,niczx10r,"I have not played a game in so long that has made me look at life differently. How where I am, who I am, defines me as a person or so I believe.The game was a great journey with an intriguing narrative, environments that conveyed its message and pulled you in along with an ending I actually enjoyed.Not sure if they could ever make a sequel for this game but I would pre-order it in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,282140,19471663,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Kabazt,"A weird mix of philosophy and survival-horror, but it works. The story is good, and up until the end I didn't know how it would end. 8/10"
76561198038751681,Recommended,282140,19471668,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lafurry,WARNING:This is my very first time playing a game in the horror genre.I have no idea what has happenedIt takes me about a minute to get the balls take a step forward.I have played 74 mintues when writing this review.I need to find out more.I recommend you try this.The fear is realThe most challening aspect of this game is gathering the balls to play it.
,Recommended,282140,30644398,Posted: 20 March,all,BOSS_Balls,"Absolutely amazing game and story, kinda short, but still worth it.I'd say Alien Isolation was a bit scarier and tense and longer just because of the constant vunerability of being killed, but this game has its MOMENTS!!Better story than amnesia.Extremely interesting and unique story and environment.  Someone put a lot of thought into this!Get it if you like amnesia or alien or outlast."
76561197983054594,Recommended,282140,19503304,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,RLO,Masterpiece
,Recommended,282140,19522839,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,hlilje,"Frictional Games are masters at creating true horror games, and SOMA is no expection. For this game they decided to focus more on psychological horror rather than the traditional ""haunted house"" approach of Amnesia. I absolutely loved the theme of the game, and the existential questions raised throughout it. Unfortunately there where slightly contrived moments where the protagonist did the reflection for you. I understand their decision to go for a talking protagonist this time, but I still think it would be more powerful to leave it up to the players themselves to ponder.The setting is incredibly atmospheric, with details galore to further enhance the claustrophobic feeling of being in a research facility underwater. The soundtrack fits the mood perfectly, and their new game engine contributes massively to the atmosphere through lighting, fog and distortion effects. The physics engine alone merits commendations, and is accompanied by excellent sound design. Your movement is heavy and satisfying, though I would have preferred to have visible limbs.The plot is linear with an excellent pacing, but do not expect to get stuck on puzzles for too long. I enjoyed the story immensely, even though the protagonist was a bit too quick to accustom himself to his situation. I finished the game in just under 11 hours, which I think is a perfect length for a game of this type. Even if you are not into horror or science fiction, I still recommend this game for its theme, setting and beautiful storyline."
76561198116453242,Recommended,282140,19548419,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,jeykey,"Very nice story,enjoyed more the story part then the horror ;)"
76561198024495798,Recommended,282140,18226762,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Atropos,"The quote from Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥at beginning describes this game very well. Great job by Frictional Games. Second game this year, after Witcher 3 that  stunts me by quality and quantity of content. Wow!"
76561197992150090,Recommended,282140,19547049,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Vile Beggar,"Storyline, setting/design and the philosophical aspect  is just awesome.Though I had a small annoyance with how you are forced to act when encountering monsters.Thankfully these encounters do not make up a significant part of this otherwise great game."
,Recommended,282140,19551758,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Root,"One of the best games I've ever played, also a must-buy for psychological horror fans. If you played Penumbra or Amnesia games before and liked them, you'll love this. It has a great story, a tense atmosphere, unique and hideous monsters. There is a Dead Space and Bioshock sense to it and I loved it. Apart from an AI and crazy robots, you are all alone in a vast ocean. I won't spoil it much, you need to experience it."
76561198024279237,Recommended,282140,19557913,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,wallie,Loving this game gives me the feel of alwys being on edge defo the horror games i like to play
,Recommended,282140,19290729,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Sirik,Highly recommended First-Person adventure horror game. It looks great and plays really well on Linux.Really enjoyed every part of this game and its attention to detail.
76561197965048010,Recommended,282140,19293829,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,coldcat,"Game is good with nice story. You could progress without reading/listening everything, but I don't recommended it, as you'll miss lot of nice stories. After finishing the game I'm still wondering what are those enemy for except adding an extra hour of ""waiting"". The only thing I miss is to know what are the most popular choices of other players at some specific part of the story."
76561198009277051,Recommended,282140,19325993,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Thrym,"Expected an Amnesia quality horror game from Frictional. Got way more than I bargained for. It has scary monsters, it has existential dillemas, it has an amazing atmosphere (or hundreds of atmospheres), great sound quality, voice acting, setting, so on and so forth. It has a great story while still making you nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself out of fear."
,Recommended,282140,19344443,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Spart,"One of the best games I've played this year, one of the best narratives in videogames. I'd also argue that, while it isn't as scary as often as Amnesia, it does get scarier."
,Recommended,282140,19343899,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BumbaGET on GNU/Linux,A masterpiece
,Recommended,282140,19345885,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Felix,More games should have this amount of thought and effort put into them.
,Recommended,282140,19368092,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Zeke,"I absolutely loved playing through this, the storyline, the characters, the atmosphere, the puzzles and gameplay all tie in perfectly but the only thing is for me Bioshock stole my heart and settled my curiosity for under the ocean living. All in all they did a damn good job of this and would recommend it to anyone that loves any of Frictional Games previous creations."
,Recommended,282140,19371472,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cattail,"In SOMA you play as Simon who wakes up in a strange facility with no idea how he got there. So we have an amnesiac protagonist. Strange place turns out to be an underwater facility. You follow audio logs and radio chatter. There are big monsters around. The beginning is so Bioshock that it makes Bioshock itself feel like a fresh take. It borrows a lot from other sources aswell.This feeling of familiarity keeps SOMA from being actually that scary. It's like you don't know what is going to happen but you can kind of guess. For example you see an unusually long hallway and you don't know for sure but somehow you feel that ""At some point something is going to chase me through this"". Then when it actually happens it doesn't feel so terrifying.Make no mistake SOMA is really atmospheric and at times it makes you jump but i would not call it that frightening. There are monsters around and you have no means to fight them but avoiding them takes suprisingly little of the playing time. Most is spent just walking around, looking, listening and examining objects. The world is built with much care and love: There are so many storage rooms with so many little items littered around. Lot of papers that can be read but have little to no relevance. Photos to look at. Pathos II really looks like a lived in place. It's rare to see such a well made setting.The familiarity and just walking around was just perfect for me. It made it easier to keep going. It made me want to see what was behind the next door. It made me want to continue the story. A game does not need shooting and action to be exellent and SOMA understands this well. The plot does get interesting and unfamiliar after a while and it does have some deep thoughts in it, but what mostly kept me motivated was the main characters. At times i did feel that the plot would have played differently had the main character been able to do some simple things that everyone should be able to, but i'm not going to spoil what. Even with that said, i very much enjoyed my time. First playthrough took about 8½ hours. Last session was about 4 hours which just says that i really did not want to stop playing.SOMA is a gorgeous looking game. Just wonderful in every aspect. It is quite heavy on the blurring, depth of field, chromatic abberration, static and all sorts of effects to obstruct the view which might be a bit too much for some players. Personally i loved the look and it was not that taxing on the system. Sound desing is also great and music is lovely.I did notice some techical issues. Loading times are bit on the long end of the spectrum even with the game installed on SSD. Even after the loading screen is gone, the game hitches for a while before it suddenly turns smooth. In a slow paced game this is not an issue. It also crashed two times with different error messages. Both times suddenly with no heads up. The game autosaves often so it was also not a big deal.SOMA is not perfect. It has a bit too many familiar elements and some technical stuff but it's still great. Recommended!"
76561197970766516,Recommended,282140,20128174,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Play2603,"Highs.-A creepy looking robot come to life in front of me. A minute later the same robot burst through thick steel doors.-Something is crawling through the airducts right above your head-I smash a window with a fire extinguisher, I hear a scream and a creature with humaniod features show up....Lows.-You must travel to the abyss, 4000 m below. The visibility is low and the creatures got sharp teeth."
76561198063913127,Recommended,282140,20123585,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Neutronux,SOMA tells you a very interesting story with a dense atmosphere in a scary enviromnent. It's not the horror but the story and the questions that you ask your self that makes this game different. One of the best games I've played ever. Thx.
,Recommended,282140,20108438,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Elatednut,"Im not regretting this purchase one bit. Its creepy, and fun, and get your mind going.  It also makes me trust robots even less than I already do."
76561198006856452,Recommended,282140,20122415,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Crynok,Brilliant game with a rich story that brings up the moral dilemma/philosophical question that is artificial intelligence.
,Recommended,282140,20140749,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Supercollider,gamn is realy gud but scared
76561197970558785,Recommended,282140,20138848,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jtdaugherty,"I think this game is thought-provoking, absolutely gorgeous, and genuinely disturbing.  (Not as disturbing as Amnesia so easier to handle in small doses.)  Hours after finishing it I find this game is still knocking around in my head and I enjoy games that have such a lasting effect.  Thanks for a fantastic game!"
,Recommended,282140,20142019,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,implying implications,Have you ever wanted to spend 10 hours finding your keys while having a bad trip? Now you can!ProsHUD alteration on proximity with the AI is amazing. It adds so much to the fear factor of the game.Actually decent sci-fi story despite an annoying plothole. On par with the movie Event Horizon.Amazing level design. On par with the attention to detail that Kubrick brought to his films.Fantastic voice acting. As good as a Disney/Pixar movie if not better.ConsEnemiesEnemy models and animations are comparable with games released over a decade ago.Enemies will often block objectives or run away from you when they see you.Enemies are extremely inconsistent when it comes to detection.Enemies can teleport right in and kill you randomly for no reason.Scripted chase scenes. This seriously exists in the game and there's no way to avoid it even with mods.Map DesignExtremely linear map design. Your movement and progression options are virtually non-existent.Progression elements are either extremely obvious to the point of immersion breaking or so poorly designed that you need a walkthrough. There's no middle ground.Mechanics/EngineCollision detection is extremely poor. Especially with damaged windows.Their implementation of vsync causes serious performance issues.GameplayThe lack of combat really ruins a lot of the interactions. After your first interaction they become quite tedious.The story is delivered mostly via recordings or unexplained magic that allows you to hear the past.Progression is usually done by finding a small object (such as a key) and using it somewhere.TL;DR: Would have worked so much better as a movie. 8/10.
76561198040398498,Recommended,282140,20139737,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Torque.x,"Just Beat this Game not less than 5 Min ago. So I thought I'd write a review first and foremost I was debating wether or not to purchase this game and honestly I'm so glad I did. I havent played a good horror game since Amnesia: The Dark Decent until I played SOMA. As gnarly and creepy this game was the Story is one I'll always remember.I want to play a game.....,Yes there will be Poop! - Jigsaw20/20!!"
76561198000884515,Recommended,282140,20139854,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,oh hi mark,I loved this game.Fantastic atmosphere.Superb story.Worth the loot.9.5/10
76561198208949909,Recommended,282140,20104454,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,apagnani,"This game is a real rarity - it's a horror game that is full of philosophy, religion, awe, wonder, and joy.  It takes you from moments of inspiration to moments of terror very quickly.  Very cool game."
,Recommended,282140,20102976,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,tlj24,"This game is really cool, and it is worth WAY more than it costs. The monsters are really well made, and very scary. Over all, this game is just really cool, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes horror games."
,Recommended,282140,20225252,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dorvid,UH8 > BB-8
76561197995092827,Recommended,282140,20190836,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,o.O_Überman_O.o,Wow.For reminding me viscerally of how it feels to be alive and human:  11/10
,Recommended,282140,20186731,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,京,"As a kid i always thought there was this other ""me"" somewhere else in a different circumstance...a different story , a different life?just ""copies""? or i don't know, i felt connectedthis was one intense journey and make me think about this concept it's like some sort of matrix?a true creation of art,..."
,Recommended,282140,20192081,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,pocket,"The storyline and characters in this game are truly unbeatable. It's such a fascinating adventure, and I finished it in 2 days barely any breaks. It's truly sooooo hard to put down. A rollercoaster into the psyche in so many different ways. This is one of my favorite games I've played in ages and I can't recommend it enough. Take a chance and play through this game. It's so fascinating. Truly worth it. Once you've beaten the game you'll sit there staring at the screen with sooooooo much to think about and I haven't walked away from a game that made me feel that way in a looooooooooong time."
,Recommended,282140,20188863,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ross,"If you liked the first amnesia then you will like this game. Not as scary though, still very good."
76561197996549103,Recommended,282140,20208206,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Vjoe88,A fantastic and thought provoking game!!! Much like a great novel that you can't put down. Great depth and tension to tie the whole game together. Another game I will gladly hold on to from Frictional Games!10/10
,Recommended,282140,20207569,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,punxtr,"What does it mean to be human? Does it mean the biological organism, or just the mind? Do you, in fact, need a body in order to have an identity? Can the mind exist without the body? If so, at what sacrifice? Perhaps you may ask yourself these questions while playing SOMA. Perhaps not. Either way, you will take something away from playing this game. You may argue it should have been faster paced, it should not have included certain enemies, or it should have given your moral choices more weight in the direction of the plot so that the experience was perfect. But just like your character at the end, you are confronted with the sobering truth that you can't have your cake and eat it. Life is compromise, and moving forward."
,Recommended,282140,20231004,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ZiggyGod,It has been two days now since I beat this game and I still can't get over how great SOMA's atmosphere and story was. SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD! A+!
76561198007937916,Recommended,282140,20209466,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sthele,"Some of the monster sequences were frustrating. But thats really the only issue I had in this game.The story, music, atmosphere, graphics, and acting was all incredible.Thank you Frictional Games...you've picked up a new fan.the matrix meets the abyss.9.5/10"
76561198154001367,Recommended,282140,18499404,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,C0DE_28,"For me SOMA started slow but it did pick up and turned out to be a great game. So i havent played Amnesia yet and I went in expecting absolute terror because of what i have heard and it is from the makers of Amnasia, but it seemed to take a diffrent rout (not to say it didnt have its momunts). i liked the game but would of liked to pick it up for a lil cheaper... $30 is kinda steep for what you get.AMD 6300 6 core16 gig RamEVGA gtx 960 FTW editionFPS 60"
76561198044054850,Recommended,282140,18514396,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Thantor Regis,I now question what it means to be human.
,Recommended,282140,18514838,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Actually Graham Norton,This game leaves you with a tough question to answer.
76561198103242869,Recommended,282140,18510268,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Anonymous Owl,"There are few games that I can say have changed my views on life, this game is an experience. The perfect mix of story, realistic characters, terrifying creatures and chases combines into a beautiful game that everyone should see, even if you aren’t into horror, the story will change your life."
76561197972417028,Recommended,282140,18349121,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Cobalt Lion,"An outstanding example of story driven, atmosphereic content. Frictional Games has done an incredible job with SOMA, and even when the game is done I still found myself thinking over the samllest details of the story to try and pick out all the subulties in it.THis is not a jump-scare game. Jump scares are easy to do and acheap way to get a reaction. SOMA instead plays the longer, more difficult game of making sure the atmosphere, while in some ways familiar and comforting is in others alien and sinister.PROS:StorySoundLightingSettingCONS:Sometimes the monsters feel more like ""speedbumps"" to slow you down from progressing too fast.A few plot twists that can be seen coming from a mile off."
,Recommended,282140,18348048,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,(/._.\) oh no,Lasts exactly as long as it should - doesn't feel rushed.It's a gorgeous game in a lot of ways.I love it
,Recommended,282140,18348330,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bowlington,I feel small. In the grand scheme of things. 10/10
76561197999108995,Recommended,282140,18345999,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Drakeema,"9.5/10 - ""NEARLY PERFECT""This game is _INTENSE_!! Very graphically and aurally intense, at least...+ 10/10 audio. Superb, audiphile-grade experience! A rare treat indeed.+ 10/10 graphics. If this game/engine does not have the best overall graphics I've ever seen, it's got the most detailed levels and design! Truly, truly masterfully done. Unreal Engine 4 can go suck a nut.+ 8/10 gameplay. A mostly smart, engaging experience that's tough to complain about. Well done, but not quite entirely.- My chief complaint of SOMA is not being able to kill/damage/mame/trick/etc the enemies/monsters, like you could in PENUMBRA(Penumbra > Amnesia, BY FAR, IMO). What's realistic about not being able to do anything but sneak around..?! Let me be able to kill/hurt them, if I want, and give me harder/easier difficulties to boost the challenge. Forcing us to sneak around is a design cop-out, in my strong opinion! Heck, make a 'Stealth Mode' for people who actually want to sneak...- If you encounter a building with two doors, and decide to enter the back door first, for example, the mission/dialogue may continue as if you had already explored the front door(when you hadn't). Small campaign design issue that could/should be fixed.This game seems nearly free of bugs and graphical glitches/mistakes. I was very impressed by how clean, and well-designed it is. I did encounter some collision issues, missing backsides of buildings, depth of field anomolies, and a handful of overlapping surfaces later in the game, though they were few & far between.My hope & expectation was for this game to be GOOD again, like PENUMBRA and not AMNESIA, and I'd say it mostly met the challenge. Mostly... I do not think it's better than Penumbra, but it's CLOSE! Mad props to Frictional Games. Sick game. May they continue making more great games worth our money & time. Cheers-"
,Recommended,282140,18346080,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,]|[ Jedi Mar-Gi ]|[,"This game was mind blowing... i enjoyed every minute of it, and i hope there well be a sequel... Thank you guys for this amazing game!! Can't stop think about it..."
,Recommended,282140,18349594,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,vampireslayer613,Loved the story to the game but crashed multiple times and I glitch out of the map once.
,Recommended,282140,18349831,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,sandwyrm,Short but sweet.  Fans of Amnesia type games will definitely enjoy.  Engaging and enjoyable experience all around with unique challenges and interactions.
76561197974626170,Recommended,282140,18342874,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,bribase,"Not without it's flaws in gameplay; The stealth sections became frustrating at times. But otherwise an excellent game.Intelligent, atmospheric, beautifully designed. Smart games like this should be encouraged."
76561198035691993,Recommended,282140,18345266,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,giguy2002,Wow! What a different style of gameplay.  I was totally hooked after the first hour.  Some great puzzle solving to advance the agme along. Eerie horror moments had my heart punding a few times especially when playing at night with the lights off.  The computer AI/interaction was better than I expected and I found myself actually looking forward to it.  The underwater scenery is also rather awesome and I spent a bit of time just walking around looking at things because it's so life-like. There are also some situaitons which will make you think about yourself and humanity.... or maybe not.  Play the game and you'll.  Two thumbs up from me and I'll be looking for more games like this.
76561198064917829,Recommended,282140,18358916,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jason Batyga,"I just played through and I am simply amazed! The story is one of the best and deepest stories I ever experienced. I have no words, just play for yourself, it is totally worth it!"
,Recommended,282140,18360315,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Vendelator,"Exellent Story, this game is a must-have for both Sci-Fi lovers and Horror fans.10/10 !!!"
,Recommended,282140,18360493,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,NanaPharcyde,"If you crave a game with an original story that is well told, a wonderfully rich and detailed world and HEAPS of black, gooey atmosphere... you're in luck. It's called SOMA."
,Recommended,282140,18347591,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,B1x,"The story is great. Despite SOMA being a horror game, the attitudes and conversations between the characters are suprisingly light hearted, which adds a nice relaxing contrast to the dark, eerie atmosphere.It's not as tense as Amnesia or Penumbra. The game spends more time on telling a compelling and multi-layered story with some interesting, mindbending, and contemplative subjects woven within. The Atmosphere is an amalgamation of classic design concepts from stories like Bioshock, Penumbra, and Alien.If you're looking to poop your pants in horror, this game isn't quite for you. Though there are sections in the game that feel just like Amnesia's monster encounters, they are pretty far between. It's more like Ether ONE in the way it tells the story.I love it, it's an awesome story with charming characters in a very rough and dark situation."
,Recommended,282140,18366518,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,earthling1990,"ProsProbably one of the most creative and original stories I'e ever experienced in a horror gameSimilar controls to other Frictional games and does the job nicelyEnvironment is easily on par with Rapture when it comes to immersing you in the worldVery atmospheric and creepy with virtually no jump scaresGraphically it is a very pretty gameUnlike most games the ending feels satisfyingAlthough I've seen a couple of people complain about the voice acting, I thought it was goodConsOnly one con for me and that was the optimisation, the game tends to stutter every now and then and I couldn't for the life of me sort it out. I am above the recomended specs and it should run no problem but something just wasn't working  correctly for me. This didn't stop me enjoying the game though and I'd say it was well worth buying."
,Recommended,282140,18365836,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Omnis Arcanum,Excellent game with an extremely wonderful atmosphere. The story telling immerses you in the environment and makes you want to explore every single thing the game has to offer.The Characters are well fleshed out and the horror elements in the game gave me a few good scares and tense moments. Above all else the premise in the game is very creative and something fresh.Frictional games has delivered a well done game which stands proudly with Penumbra and Amnesia.Please continue with this quality of work.Well worth the money I paid for it.
,Recommended,282140,18351173,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Lord Sloth,Wow this game has one hell of a story and alot of good scifi-horror to it. I Highly recommend!
,Recommended,282140,18346625,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,SecretChallenge,I highly recommend this game. The story is great. The game makes you want to explore everything so that you find all pieces of information about what is going on in this world. The sound is just superb. It knows when it needs to be silent so that you can hear every little footstep/noise that the enemy makes. Even when there is no enemy around the music alone can make you feel anxious. Afraid that something will jump up. There are several types of hostiles with each its strenght and weaknesses so that you are never bored of just using the same tactic over and over to avoid the enemy. The gameplay is solid. I have played this with mouse and keyboard and never experienced any issues. The game also runs well. For me the game runs at a solid 60 FPS. On occasion it would dip to around 55 FPS when it is transitioning from surface to underwater textures and vice versa.
,Recommended,282140,18346948,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,jonnyXx,"SOMA is an intense first-person sci-fi horror game by developer Frictional Games. It has an interesting story and incredible atmosphere and while it's not quite as scary as their previous game, Amesia: The Dark Descent, there are still some sections of the game that are sure to get your heart pumping.The audio visual presentation is phenomenal, it truly is one of the best examples of audio and video really working together to complement each other. Much kudos to Frictional on a job well done."
,Recommended,282140,18347043,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,CeirahMoon,"I've been a huge fan of Frictional Games since the beginning. Although I loved Amnesia and I appreciated A Machine For Pigs, I was blown away by SOMA. I'm not saying it's the greatest game of all time, but it sure is one of my favorites and one of the most memorable. Despite being a horror game, the storyline was still unpredictable where it mattered; making you believe you knew what would happen and then surprisingly you right after. I loved the variety of enemies and how the game made you play through their advantages. I was also pleasantly surprised by the beautiful graphics, which I knew would be good but still was unexpected in a way. I very much appreciate this game, and for the price it's an amazing experience. I recommend this, and if you're still unsure, be quick to get it once it goes on sale. Happy Spooping!"
76561197970407427,Recommended,282140,18270312,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ninjarobot,"Soma is the only game I've beaten in 2015, I could not put it down and will be following frictional games as a big fan here on out."
76561198015824481,Recommended,282140,18270445,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Absynce,"played 24 hours for completion didnt race to the finish line, this game is like a good book and it should be experienced as such. excellent storyline and I normally cant stant non big budget games but this game didnt lose anything being indy. I never played dark decent or anything else from frictional but they got my money on this one and they will have it again on the next regardless of what it is, 10/10 excellent. (and my reviews are usually negative.)"
,Recommended,282140,18270622,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,c0sMyc,"This is a great piece of science fiction. Imagine if a book or movie was an immersive, controlable experience? Makes you question the idea of what is 'human"" and what ""is"". Terrifying immersion, it scares you away and drags you back in for more.You do get a weapon at one point if that is the sort of thing that determines what you are interested in experiencing..."
,Recommended,282140,18269841,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Regicidalnut,"Brilliant game with a well told and surpisingly rich story for those who want to find it. At about 10 hours of gameplay, it's well worth the pricetag. It's also great to see a game whose sound design is as robust as its visual design, and this game has both in spades. Easily Frictional's best work so far. I look forward to seeing more from them."
76561198231111648,Recommended,282140,18337512,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Wing,"Great story and gameplay, 10/10 recommend"
,Recommended,282140,18338030,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,=P,This game is scary af!
76561198091854651,Recommended,282140,18332789,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Brennen deCarufel,"A great game overall. Enjoyed the mix of scares, stories and puzzles.9/10"
,Recommended,282140,18332914,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,NightKnight,"Aside from the scary encounters that this game as undoubtedly been able to provide, this game is truly beautiful. The level of detail and atmosphere put into this game was astronomical. The story is by far one of the best endeavors I have ever had the pleaure of experiencing. The characters, the plot, everything was spot on and perfect. The ending.... oh my lord... THAT is how you make a great ending. Good job, developers, this game really gave me the feels."
76561197997313756,Recommended,282140,18331082,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Actarus71,"Very good game all round, with the right amount of chalanges and dificulty, good graphics and great story."
76561197996684401,Recommended,282140,18341535,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Eri,"If you liked Amnesia The Dark Descent, you will love SOMA, it is better in every possible way.And it is made solely by Frictional Games!"
,Recommended,282140,18339026,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,HarryKnuckles,"I very much liked this game.  I thank the devs. and all who contributed to this quality piece of gaming.  Thanks for all your hard work, I had a blast!  (see what I did there?0 ;-)"
,Recommended,282140,18306754,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,EchoT13,"Story-wise, the best game I've ever played."
,Recommended,282140,18222589,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SlicingHaunt,"This game is awesome. In my opinion it wasn't as scary as Amnesia, but the story is really good. The length of the game is good for the price that you payed for it."
,Recommended,282140,18419186,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sanctic,"This game is amazing, it gets you invested into the story and is full of scares.I recommend it to anyone who likes playing a long horror game like Amnesia, not for the light hearted."
76561198062868116,Recommended,282140,18420352,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Connorbass97,Very fun
76561197972139402,Recommended,282140,18420466,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dogtype,"SOMA was definitely the first game I've played in a long time where I was painfully curious on what was going to unfold throughout the story. After completing the game, I can absolutely see why many reviewers have said that the ending and overall story stuck with them as something memorable - long after they finished it. I can undoubtedly say that I feel the exact same way now.If you're looking for a game with powerful atmosphere and a thought-provoking narrative, you've got to try SOMA. It was a little light on ""scares"" in my opinion, but I can see certain people getting far more frightened than others - based purely on the kinds of things that happen to scare someone. For me, the sci-fi setting has a lot less potential to be scary than a setting in a game like Amensia, for example. I don't feel that this takes away from SOMA though, as it still succeeds in being thrilling."
,Recommended,282140,18425010,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,arknova,I really enjoyed this game could of been longer though.
76561198048403441,Recommended,282140,18425582,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Plz Shoe Bobs and Vegena,If you like wide spaces that have HEAD IMPLODING PRESSURE AND ARE DEVOID OF ANY MEANINGFUL LIFE then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,282140,18424299,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,biker71,Anybody who doesn't like this game should have their brain scanned
76561198135300541,Recommended,282140,18426119,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,SpaghettiRag,Creepy as #!@%.
76561198006925894,Recommended,282140,18423274,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Iron_droid,Great interactive sci-fi movie. 10/10
,Recommended,282140,18423311,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Pindie,"Loved the graphics, their best looking game ever. Some difficulty spikes in wrong places (looking for hard to find item while being chased) but especially towards the end the game depends more on psychological horror, not shouting in your ears.The story is troughoutly enjoyable too, with few genuinely hair rising moments.You definitely get value for money with this title."
,Recommended,282140,18402648,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ouroboros,"There are very few video games that can be called ""Art"" and much less deserving to be recognized as masterpiece. SOMA is clearly one of them.With that being said, this is not a typical horror/screamer product, though I did experience several really creepy and dark moments when playing SOMA, most of which were actually closely linked to the existential questions the plot raises... I will not spoil your experience, but this thought-provoking sci-fi drama will walk you through the deepest corners of consciousness making you questioning the nature of your own Self and reality.If you are looking for a dark meditative experience stimulating self-exploration and philosophizing - this game is 100% for you. In contrast, avoid it if you are looking for an action-focused horror like DeadSpace. For me, that was the first time when playing a video game felt like reading Dostoevsky.."
,Recommended,282140,18388390,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,MusicforMovies,"If you enjoyed Amnesia the Dark Descent, System Shock 2, Dear Esther, or the films 'Blade Runner' 'Matrix' or others  - you will enjoy this game.   Very thought provoking and interesting; not for the faint of heart and certainly not for kids.   This is more in the veins of psychological thriller than mere 'jump scares' though it does have a good collection of those as well; it's more immersive and ambient than in-your-face scares.   WAU will Wow you."
,Recommended,282140,18154860,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[GWFs] GreatNose,"So far it is an atmospheric, well crafted, sci-fi thriller. It does have its scary moments, but it does not go out of its way to jump scare you. The whole time you are playing it you just feel creeped out. It is, in many aspects, eerie. If you are a fan of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, it is very much like that except, in my own opinion, more narrative in conjunction with its gameplay. It has a nice mix of scares, puzzle solving and story building. So far, extremely well done and I would recommend fully."
76561197977839603,Recommended,282140,18388793,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Dribo,"I liked the Penumbra series and Amnesia allot! But i must say that SOMA blew me away! I didnt expect so much from it, the story is great and all acting/voice feels believable. The game has some frustrating moments thats for sure, but overall its a really good game! :-)"
,Recommended,282140,18438243,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,k-rice,"Well, I just finished the game, and overall it's quite a sobering experience. The newspaper clipping in the beginning was right, it did end with a surprise. Strangely(?), the ending was incredibly well balanced. It didn't over deliver, it didn't under sell, I'd describe its closing chord as having perfect pitch.My only complaint with the game was the action and horror mechanics. If Soma included not a single monster, and was strictly an adventure hiking simulator (something akin to Dear Ester), I believe it could have hit a higher note. One that while not quite as tense from the perspective of someone fending off external crisis, would have delivered a game much more fully aware of the internal struggle.Aside from that, this is a remarkably thoughtful game, easily one of the best of the year, and a game that respectfully paid its homage to both the author and his quote at the beginning of the adventure - ""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."""
,Recommended,282140,18438457,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Chris,10/10
76561197969207498,Recommended,282140,18438677,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,robosan,"Thought provoking, scary, funny, touching... These would be just a few terms I would use to describe this game. Definitely one of the more memorable experiences I've had in a long time."
76561198082692386,Recommended,282140,18438738,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,redrum,A work of art.
,Recommended,282140,18439092,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,T1Jah,"Pros:-Great story-Keeps you interested till the end-Caputures you better than most games,-Amazing environments.-This can easily be an awsome book.Cons:-graphics for human models are kinda outdated, (not a big deal to me *shrug*)-puzzles are really easy.Honestly one of the most engageing games I've played in awhile. I activiely looked and read everything to find out what happend around the station. I can't remember the last time I've read all the extra things in games.9.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,18416933,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Teknokid,"Great game, reminded my Alien Isolation. Not too long, not too short. Great story line."
76561197992865796,Recommended,282140,18437586,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Baoman,"This game is great! Very inspirational storyline, good character development, great environment, immersion is easy.It's not as scary as Amnesia - which I was thankful for. It was still terrifying at times, but the story is FANTASTIC."
,Recommended,282140,18244711,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,trip9,"Great game. Mechanically similar to a streamlined Amnesia (no sanity meter or inventory system), but with a much better story. While it's a horror game it doesn't rely on jump scares (I don't think I remember a single one) and a large part of the horror comes from the implications of the story and the choices you make along the way. If you're a scifi fan and a fan of games with great atmosphere and art direction, definitely don't sleep on this one."
76561198050551836,Recommended,282140,18244744,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,hendersh0t,I really enjoyed it. Very beautiful and cerebeal story. It may fail a bit in terms of 'survival horror'--it's not that scary and the monsters' bark is much worse than their bite--the puzzles are also pretty easy (I don't mind that)--but it works as a sci-fi narrative experience. Not much replay value but I'd buy it again.
,Recommended,282140,18257496,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,HellHunter120,"Absolutely amazing game, dripping in atmosphere and thought-provoking themes. The story had me gripped from start to finish, and both the writing and voice acting are phenomenal. The only complaint I can think of is the color seperation, which can be disabled in the options (Options > Game > Color Seperation)Went into this not knowing too much about it, and I was very very pleasantly surprised. Having been made by the team that made Amnesia, you can still pick up and examine pretty much everything in the world, with the characters commenting on certain things when appropriate. The attention to detail is so good, that some afore mentioned comments caught me off-gaurd.In comparison to Amnesia, there are far more enemy types, and they are all very well varied. Some introduce very interesting mechanics, making it more than just a game of horror hide-and-seek, and they aren't once reused. Each section has its own unique enemy type to figure out. The puzzles are generally fun and interesting as well. In hindsight, there isn't a single one I could point out as particularly bad.Altogether, this is one of the favorite games I've played this year. I can't overstate my reccomendation."
76561197976209497,Recommended,282140,18259016,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Sarrow,"Incredible game with an amazing story. The setting itself conveys a lonely isolation, and 'hopelessness' that I thought was genuinely disconcerting. I don't think I've ever spent quite as much time in a game just listening to the ambient noise and wandering around wondering what the previous occupants would have been doing.Really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,282140,18259234,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Knight_Specter,"SOMA is a profound gem with memorable characters and meaningful plot. The horror aspect is pretty gruesome and terrifying but the true horror of the game is isolation, disconnection, and the uncertainty of your existence. The only problem I had was that the monsters kept me from accessing optional story elements because they would get in the way. The best part of this game is the story. When things keep you from it, they can get annoying. But it was still a fantastic experience. The ending made me want to cry. 9.5/10"
76561198151900025,Recommended,282140,18259508,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Artem,"This game IS beautiful. It's a trip. Actually it's more like an experience. It's like first time sex; beatiful, strange, mixed feeling, and too short, with a very pleasent ending."
,Recommended,282140,18257896,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,foist | hellshigh,"Frictional are masters of atmosphere and SOMA is no exception.During my playthrough I found a great story that was well paced, that kept me interested, wanting to know more, and even provoking thoughts based around questions the characters were asking themselves. I wanted to read every terminal, examine notes and objects, find out as much as I could about the setting, the people, and the events. I also found amazing atmosphere, and like previous Frictional games I was completely absorbed into the setting (best played with a good set of headphones, a dark room, and Steam Friends set to 'offline' mode).Helping to draw you into this atmosphere is a fantastic soundscape, which felt much more full and alive than Amnesia's. It is very unnerving and unsettling at times. It left me very uncomfortable while exploring the strange settings, which evokes the feelings of the character. The art and world design was also fantastic, helping to further sell the atmosphere.These halls are not the jumpscare filled dungeons of Brennenburg Castle (don't get me wrong, loved Amnesia). There are many scares, however they are more about bombarding you with a sense of uneasiness than straight up shocking you. Rather than slamming my keyboard into the base of my monitor (seriously, ♥♥♥♥ those iron maidens), my heartrate would steadily increase, the hairs on the back of my neck would stand up, and a chilling tingle would travel from my neck to the small of my back. It was a refreshing terror for me personally, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.Well done Frictional, this goes up on my favorite games of all time list with Overture and Amnesia."
,Recommended,282140,18258229,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Soloreaper,"As far as I'm concerned, a game is made or broken by its story. The story kept me rivited from start to finish and the visual design is spectacular. I found this much more enjoyable than Amnesia or Penumbra. The thriller aspect of it is more interesting than a straight up horror game. There are a few parts to keep you on your toes, but in general it's just well designed. I have already almost played through twice and I plan on playing again as well."
,Recommended,282140,18266032,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Bars,"The game is addictive from the first minute and did not let go. I have not passed it to the end, but I can already confidently recommend it to all fans of this genre. You will not regret the time spent and money."
76561197989002493,Recommended,282140,18266202,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Rownie,"Good game 7/10, Not as scary as Amnesia, but better than AMFP, its sort of inbetween that. Good story!"
,Recommended,282140,18326231,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Chachamaru,"Never have I ever played a game that made me sit back and evaluate some of the philosphical basis of my own life. This game is scary, in the sense that it makes you think about what REALLY makes us who we are. What makes us human? What makes us a person? Who are we to judge what is allowed to live and what is denied that priviliege. This game isn't scary in the traditional sense - there are no jump scares, no ""OH I GOT YOU!"" fright scenes. This game is scary because it makes you think about who you are, what makes you YOU. It makes you question the line of ethics between humanity that you didn't even realise existed. It blurs the lines between reality and science fiction so well, you leave the game feeling empty and horrified of your own mortal plain.Not many games can make you feel scared based on premise alone, and this game manages to do just that and then some."
76561198195198498,Recommended,282140,18328762,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Cleocatra,"Soma was an absolutley amazing story, that didn't rely on jumpscares to give you chills, i highly reccommend this game."
,Recommended,282140,18330032,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Truther,"Great story, great atmosphere, awesome graphics and audio. Solid survival horor that brings back memories of Alien Isolation. Would highly recommend."
76561198059439317,Recommended,282140,18328058,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Locke Soriku,"This game is amazing. Possibly the best game Frictional has made so far. Reminded me of playing the Penumbra games they made, in the sense that it was less jump scare and more mystery and weirdness, the sense that you have no clue what is going on and you are constantly tring to figure it out. Thanks Frictional."
,Recommended,282140,18327240,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,8/10
76561198062848961,Recommended,282140,18324937,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Tricstacy,"Pros --Emersive storey line and fresh feel to the genre-Sooo much attention to detail-The game is really interesting and makes you want to play, even when your bum cheeks are flapping!-The Abyse...-The game looks and feels awesome-The sound design is near awesome. you can drop any object and it sounds like you would expect in real life which really adds to the atmosphere and dynamics of the game.-At no point did the gameplay feel repetative or boring-The game makes you think about what being a human really means and lets you make decisions on what you think is moral.Cons-Game is a little short-Its not a hugely scary game apart from a few hot spots-No alternative endings (to my knowladge) as was expected from all the decisions you get to make-The torch is flippin useless! :P"
76561197971702573,Recommended,282140,18254807,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,-= White Widow =-,"Awesome game, too short, but awesome gameplay, story, voice artists."
,Recommended,282140,18254818,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Teh_Krullo,"I don't usually post review but I had to for SOMA.It's just one of the most incredible gaming experiences I've ever had.The atmosphere of this game is astonishing, the story is so engaging, the characters vivid and relatable. My heart sank more than once when faced with choices, dilemmas or new information.Do yourself a favor, disconnect everything else, turn off the lights, put on headphones and immerse yourself into this work of art."
76561197992917668,Recommended,282140,18414819,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,MrCheese,"Follows the same tried and tested ""post-Amnesia PC horror game formula"": You can't fight the monsters so you have to hide during every encounter. In this game the monsters are even more annoying than in the Amnesia game because I found that they break the pacing. It may seem weird but this game would have benefitted from being more like a proper walking simulator I think.Overall though the plot, the setting and the questions raised by the game more than makes up for this. If you are into AI philosophy and questions about whether or not sufficiently intelligent machines are human and mind copying then this game is for you.The world reminded me Bioshock but without the steampunk nature of it and the quirkiness."
76561198016822345,Recommended,282140,18422184,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sammytheduck,A game about what it means to be human. And of course terrifying zombie robot viruses.
,Recommended,282140,18422814,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sock,"As somone who played and quite enjoyed both of the Amnesia games (and one of the Penumbra games), I was excited to jump in and see what this new game was all about.I beat it over the course of a few days and took a few more to mull over my thoughts about the whole thing.Mechanically, the game is very different from previous Frictional games. There is no 'inventory' in this game, as well as no lantern or insanity meter. What takes the place of those things is fairly regular interaction with monitors and computer systems. Whether trying to unlock a room with a necessary item in it or read the journal of NPC's, you spend a lot of time in front of virtual computer screens. And while they don't fill the immersive roles of frantically trying to avoid running out of lantern oil, they serve their purpose well and really help to flesh out this dystopian  future that the game takes place in.Story-wise, this game is leagues ahead of both Penumbra and Amnesia. It tackles so many difficult subjects, ranging from what it means to be human to the subjectivity of our perception, and does it all in a surpremely well-written story. If you've played a Frictional game before, you know what lies in store for you. Deep, dark, depressing story arcs that often raise really interesting philosophical questions, and it stays the same here. Without spoiling it, the story had me ranging in emotions from fear, joy, suspense, and by the end depression. The story (and it's finale) really make you think about what makes life worth living and what makes 'life' even is. It's good stuff.While I've been kind of sucking this game's♥♥♥♥♥♥for the last few paragraphs, there are some real problems that I have with it that should be addressed:-wonky AI-very little use of the physics engine-some enemy designs could be better (though some are really quite good)-this annoying thing that blurs your vision when you take a hit from an enemy until you find a new health restore point. This may sound small, but when the AI tends to be a little weird and the puzzles more methodical, you tend to take hits from enemies more frequently than previous games. This meant (personally) that I spent probably a fifth of the game with blurried vision, which not only gave me a massive headache, also made it substantially more difficult to see the environment and solve the puzzles. This is probably my biggest problem with the game overall. (which speaks well of the game as a whole)Overall, I would absolutely recommend this game if you like dark, depressing, well-written stories, horror, sci-fi, or ever just wondered what a spookier Bioshock would be like."
,Recommended,282140,18408945,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,-Fk- Benny Kill,"While it may not be as downright horrifying as Amnesia, SOMA definitely did give me plenty of chills and make me jump at shadows when I would walk to my fridge in the middle of the night.  I was frequently torn between wanting to quit because of the uneasy feeling I get while playing horror games, and wanting to continue to see where the story goes, and it did not disappoint.The narrative is expertly crafted as well as acted, and the Sci-Fi world was beautifully designed and rendered.  And even though it felt similar to Bioshock at first, the story carried it to a completely original place.  If you have an interest in Science Fiction and Existential themes, I highly Recommend SOMA"
76561198147016964,Recommended,282140,18406994,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,TheLordOfTheAshes,That ending.... This is just a masterpiece.
,Recommended,282140,18407762,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,jRR,"You come for the Scares but stay for the Story.Honestly, the horrors are the best I've experienced in a video game, but you'll realize the true gem is the Plot and emotions it can force upon you. A horror game that is a must own."
76561198039227604,Recommended,282140,18394906,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,empty,"This game is incredible. As a cinematic experience, this was one of the best games I have ever played.If you are coming for an as terrifying successor as Amnesia, then this isn't it. This game is all about the story with a sense of tension throughout (not scares).The best way to think of this game is sort of like a Bioshock without the shooting and, in my personal opinion, an even better story. If that sounds good to you, then I cannot recommend this game enough.Close to a 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18391132,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,[TA] Rofak,"This is a beautiful game that feels origional. It relys on atmosphere to scare you, not jump scares, and it does a great job doing it. A deeply existential story line makes you want to keep progressing despite the dread. You will be rewarded with a great ending if you make it there. STAY UNTILL THE END OF THE CREDITS FOR MORE!! 9.5/10"
76561198044732514,Recommended,282140,18350175,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ikean,"If you are on the fence about buying SOMA, this is the review for you.SOMA is probably the most genius horror game ever made. The game isn't just about running from scary alien(ish)-robot fusions. It's also about deep philisophical situations. Some people don't really see what the game is truly about, but I'm telling you now there is a lot more to see than meets the eye.I don't want to spoil anything, so it's hard to explain this without really doing that. SOMA was inspired by several books based on the science and studies of the brain. I'm telling you now, this game is all about your brain. Well, not YOUR brain, but Simons. This game gets pretty freaky. And not in the 'Oh no there's a scary thing chasing me' kind of freaky, but the things you have to think about deeply kind of freaky. I'll give an example; If you're a scan of a scan of a scan of a humans entire brain and personality, are you still human? You act like a human, think like a human, speak like a human, etc. It's not like, ""Are you still human? What do you mean? If they have no flesh or physical brain, then DUH they aren't human."" It's not like that. It's like, if you scanned someone, then put that scan in a robot and introduced the scan and the human to eachother, the ONLY difference would be appearance. But is the scan a person? They have feelings, and are freaked out that the original, the flesh one, looks exactly like them. Should they be treated the same as a regular fleshed human or not? Now this is a mainly opinionated topic, so there's not really a right answer. But if you want to think about this and understand it more on your own, then buy the game. If you thought that was deep or complicated, that was just the tip of the iceberg people. It's so much more than just gameplay. This is, by far, my favorite game.BUY IT"
76561197970367360,Recommended,282140,18350340,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,.:EtS:.KillJoy,"Graphics-BeautifulScare Tactics- PerfectStoryline-AmazingWith out a doubt one of the greatest games I have ever played since the release of the original Half-Life! What a superb gaming experince! I just want to say, Thank you!"
,Recommended,282140,18350770,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,The Great Peanut,"Absolutely phenomenal game.Sure, the monsters become more of an inconvenience than a source of fear...but rather than spend assets creating a new, potentially risky gameplay mechanic, Frictional focused in on their incredible narrative.  SOMA doesn't need monsters to be scary...the game is psychologically terrifying.  It leaves the most morally compromising decisions with open ended and ambiguous outcomes, forcing you to consider what the result of your choices were on your own  And that ending, without a doubt, has left me feeling more dread than any game I've ever played.  That's TRUE horror.Definitely give it a shot."
,Recommended,282140,18323805,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Chronos,The best cure for happiness there is...
,Recommended,282140,18323146,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Deep Sea Lychee,"This game...It's rare experiences such as this come along. The characters feel real, the story/plot makes you think and it has you questioning the premise of the definition ""human"".The game started off mildly intimidating, and I thought ""Oh, this isn't as scary as amnesia""The game then proceeded to rock my testicles somewhere comfortably between my lungs and colon.Simply put, buy, live it, love it."
,Recommended,282140,18323452,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,fer0x,"creepy and atmospheric horror game, worthy follower of the amnesia games"
76561198025239222,Recommended,282140,18330194,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,FishMonger,"Deep and rich story, fishes."
76561198059241314,Recommended,282140,18330485,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Criozsis,"Well.. I'm not use to write anything on any site.. I'd rather be quiet... this is actually the first timeThis is not just a game.. this is much more.. this is an endless question about what's life, about what's the value of life.. can we really get into another body and still think ""it's me""I used to hate horror games, I just can't play them... I can't make it, I leave when it becomes too scary, but at it's release, this game had quite a lot of communication.And I got interested in, even if.. in the first sight, I thought it was a space game. So.. what did I do?I watched a YouTube let's play... and when I finished the let's play.. I bought the game.So... I didn't just watch the let's play, I was doing somethig in the meantime, and so, I missed a lot of scene, but I got spoiled about the most important of them.I bought the game thanks to the let's play.. but somehow.. I regretted that I knew what would happen before I do.. yeah.. I really regret thatHowever.. even if I knew.. everything was so great. I had the feeling, I had the emotion.This is not just a game, this is art.The game makes you think, and askIt happens many things meanwhile you try to make it, and not all the the questions get an answer, and I do think this is voluntarily, Frictional Game decided that we were free to get this answer by ourselves.. to think about it, and decide ourselves what's the best.This is not just a game, you guys must do it"
76561197993615336,Recommended,282140,18385099,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,KilledAchilles,"At first you think this is a horror game. If that's what you're looking for, go back to their earlier game, Amnesia: The Dark Descent: that does horror well.  What this game does AMAZINGLY well is place you in a world gone to hell and makes you survive in it by any means necessary and by doing so it makes you think long and hard about what it is that makes someone a good person, and what makes you human in general. Ethical dilemas and no-win situations abound in this game, you'll wish for a save button to go back and change what you just did at random parts. By the end of the game you will really value the rare moments when you are able to make contact with another human."
76561198048161890,Recommended,282140,18373288,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Timbler,Atmosphere 10/10Story 10/10Scare Factor 7/10Puzzles 5/10Would play again 9/10
,Recommended,282140,18375682,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,RiffRaff,"Crippling Existential Mindf*ck: The GameNot only boasting outstanding atmosphere, sound, and all those other great things one loves about slow burning horror games, SOMA has also delivered one of the most intriguing and tightest narratives I've played to this day. Layers upon layers. It ranks up there as some of the best sci-fi I've experienced from any medium.If SOMA even remotely intrigues you, you'd be doing yourself a great disservice passing it up."
76561198217055177,Recommended,282140,18268350,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,CH0K,very good game
,Recommended,282140,18393799,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Glitch,"I could not put this game down, defiently one of the best games I have played this year.If you haven't played it yet what are you waiting for."
,Recommended,282140,18266709,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Blue HILL,This game is totally awesome. It shows me unlimitted imaginations of the world with full of thoughts of humanity as well as presence of the consciousness. It also freaks me out sometimes and I really enjoyed it. Please don't hesitate to play this game. It's strongly recommendable. I mean it.
76561198054680264,Recommended,282140,18266841,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ramoz,"That is a great game! Its plot twists are stunning and the atmosphere is immersive. That is also because of the high-quality sound and video effects.The game doesn't have simple jump-scares, but rather implements cool and new ideas to scare the player.I've been waiting for ""Soma"" since I've finished the ""Amnesia"". Now I'm looking forward to new ""Frctional Games"" releases (which will hopefully be earlier than six years from now... but I'm ready to wait for such a quality).Great job, ""Frctional Games""!"
,Recommended,282140,18266936,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,BigChance,"SOMA is an amazing game so far to say the least. There is something off about that damn Dr.Munshi! The horror and suspense element is defintely present in this game. So far I have to say there are not any negatives from playing this so far, If you you like a suspenseful/horror story driven game then this is the one for you, I am currently playing this on my channel and when the game is finished I will give it the full review it deserves.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgNZC3gnh00"
,Recommended,282140,18532261,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MadMAK,"Amnesia was a fantastic game however, SOMA took it to the next level with story and atmosphere.  If we can take this as an indicator of Frictional's future work and improvement, then fans will have much to look forward to. They have clearly evolved as a developer, and SOMA is proof of this.Pros:- A solid, cerebral story that touches on some deep philosophical questions.- An atmosphere which instills a feeling of dread as you play through.- Great visual quality and well thought out environments.- Good level of interaction with the environment which helps bring you into the world.- Care taken with small details.- Just enough room left to draw your own conclusions with many facets of the game.- Exploration can be rewarded with some good back story which is put together like a puzzle.- Monsters are interesting and have story.Mixed:- Impact of some choices on the game is questionable however,  they still held significant emotional weight.Cons:- Voice acting isn't bad, but not perfect. Characters can seem somewhat calm for the situation.- I have questions about the reasoning behind the main objective.- There were two parts of the game where the level design was questionable and didn't feel engaging or interesting.- I want more.Edit: It would be nice if the developer supported VR in the future. Even if I'm unsure if I would be able to make it thought the game with a headset without having a heartattack."
,Recommended,282140,18532733,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,lehtipiffi,"What can I say, I love it. Great horror that doesn´t depend on cheap jumpscares. Follow the story and you will love it also."
76561198058201857,Recommended,282140,18553987,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,dthurfjell,Fantastic game with a interesting ending! gott goosebumps and chill down my spine!!
,Recommended,282140,18401129,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sinz,"GOTY, JUST DO IT"
76561198120996331,Recommended,282140,18627537,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,URASucKaFisH,"Absolutely amazing game!  It's extremely atmospheric and will leave you questioning how you perceive reality.  Far different than Amnesia, but if you are a fan of sci fi or horror in general you will love it!"
,Recommended,282140,18621640,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Wellington McSkellington,Honestly one of the best games I've played in the last 5 yearsGreat storyintense suspensewas worth it
76561197962240126,Recommended,282140,18643399,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Rheydon,"Absolutely amazing, this game left me speechless. It is a game where you can really immerse yourself (heh) into its world.Beautiful graphics and sounds, and the story - woah impressive! And you can find so many lovely details that further explain this well thoughtout story. But don't get me wrong, this game scared me sh*tless a lot, so be prepared!If you are looking for a new horror game to immerse yourself into that has good graphics and an interesting story -> get this, it is worth the money. Nothing significant to complain about."
76561197971027199,Recommended,282140,18619555,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,LastActionMoose,"This game had a great atmosphere and interesting plot twists! After a while the stealth/hide and seek portion of the game got a little tiring, but I'm really glad that I picked it up!"
,Recommended,282140,18607091,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,RevolvingPrawn,"SOMA is an absolutely fantastic game.If it is even a game! For me, it actually felt a lot like the expereince of reading a book and visualising the words I'm reading coming alive in my mind, except they were coming alive on my monitor and I was directly controlling the main character.I finished the story only a short while ago, and I already know I'll be starting the game again and playing from beginning to ending again, which isn't something I do at all often with video games. And for a game I knew next to nothing about before deciding to give it a try, it's quickly shot it's way to the top of my list as best game I've played in 2015.If anybody is reading this and is on the fence about buying and playing SOMA, I very much hope you decide to get it. It's one of the most unique, interesting and fun games in a world where a lot of other games are just repackaged versions of the same thing that was released a year before.If I had to rate it: 9.7/10."
76561198086527279,Recommended,282140,18620063,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,navy blue fox,"Kinda what you would expect the child of Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Alien: Isolation to be like. In other words, it's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing great. I think it could have used maybe one more level with a monster roaming around the corridors. But I was very pleased with the atmosphere and story."
,Recommended,282140,18620242,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,steak,"Captivating from start to finish, can't wait for Frictional's next game"
76561197989204327,Recommended,282140,18657597,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Siddha,"Congratulations Frictional this is your masterpiece.First things first.This game tries to get into your mid using imersion and story (both the strongest sides of the game).IF YOU DON'T LIKE STORY DRIVEN GAMES OR LIKE TO RUN THRU CONTENT WAITING TO BE JUMPSCARED THIS GAME WILL BE PRETTY MEDIOCRE TO YOU.That's my only execption to the recommendation that I make.I'll agree with most reviews here:1) the Story was amazing and kept me interested all the way. The feel when you discover the apocalipse is undescribable... It gets more under the skin when you find out that even the ""survivors"" are no more.Two questions never left me be: ""What's the real human nature"" and ""What's the purpose of existence in this world"". The second one hit me harder, since I personally think ""purpose"" is defined by the person itself, It really bothered me how I always chose to turn off/kill the creatures in my way, which showed that my opinion wasn't as strong as the feeling ""I would like to be turned off in its/his/her place"";2) The puzzles were very good IMO. Seemed one with the story. Penumbra influences were clear with some pitches of Alien Isolation, well done;3) the Graphics were very good and envirolments well design. Light effects and the vision were impressive. Highlight for me was the deepsea visual it was AWESOME.Creatures also were well designed, their wierd anatomy (nothing is scarier than the unkown) and different behaviours made most enconters fresh.4) the Sound was out of this world. Really. It mashes all the experience together makes it more ""organic"" (believable). Voice actor performed very convincinly.That said here is what I think could be improved:a) Maybe the creatures should impose themselves more like obstacles to player progression. In my experience It didn't feel like they were a part of the ride, they seemed like a ""optional"" thing. Why? Cause I could run from them or avoid them pretty easily. Prolly if this part were made a bit better (harder) some horror fans (which like jumpscares and run thru content) would be more satisfied with the game.I think a model to be followed here is Alien Isolation. The Alien is always present and It is an obstacle to player progression a bully.If in the next game you guys nail the Story, audio and graphic quality with horror elements that impose more to the player you'll have the best horror game of all time.b) I can understand the choice of not letting the player die too much. Instead you choose to handcap the player progression (vision and movement).This was another option that IMO made this game less good to rushers: Lack of ingame punishment. If the player doesnt't feel punished by his mistakes or lack of attention, there's no pression. If this kind of player doesn't dig into the story and ambient elements this game will be a calm walk.Bottom line: some horror fans that don't dive into story elements need another elements to feel challenged by the game, which IMHO would be more imposing creatures AND more punishment with players mistakes.This were my 2 cents.Well done Frictional! Can't wait the next one!"
,Recommended,282140,18592672,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CrossThread,"you know what, I just beat this game. and if I had to describe it using only one word, it would be Immersion. the level design is so well thougt out that I actually forgot I was playing a game. the first part of the game was hard for me to understand at first because this game is way deeper than a horror game. this game makes you think about things no other game would dare dream of making you think. I won't spoil the biggest fear this game sets in you. You will have to play to find out for yourself."
,Recommended,282140,18595085,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Zominiator,"This game does everything right when it comes to making an imersive, exciting, and terrifying horror game!  there is a perfect balance between gameplay and storytelling.The only con I can think of is that it feels short (10 hours), but this can be a pro too, as it leaves you wanting more.Absolutely you should play this game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,282140,18597494,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Zer0Su5pect,"One of the best games in the year. If you pay attention to every little detail in the story, you will can`t find words at the end. The scares are just perfect, they always come when you don`t think they will come.  :D Must play."
76561198019266104,Recommended,282140,18594748,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Calisto,I do not write reviews of games but felt the need for this game. My favorite game of the year. If your a fan of Phillip K♥♥♥♥♥♥this game will blow your mind. Thank you Frictional for this game!
76561197986745678,Recommended,282140,18671346,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Impaler,"This game ended up being better than I was expecting.  The story was one that makes you think a little bit, which is good. I wish though the storyline would have had offshoots down other pathways. Still, regardless it was awesome. This is actually the first horror game I have never shot a gun, which  was interesting, and it really wasn't needed. Unless you want to count the stun gun...Anyway, I would recommend this title to anyone. Its well worth the 29 bucks. I think somewhere I read its around 10 hours of content and its got a good blend of everything from gfx to storyline to horror.  I felt the game was decently interactive and informational and I think I may buy this as a gift for my brother!"
,Recommended,282140,18653075,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Behemoth,"Passed the game twice, liked it very much! Brilliant story, atmospheric environment, awesome gameplay! Yes, monsters are not very scary, but monsters in this game is a part of story and not to scary the player, but to give the idea what happened to the station and what the AI (WAU) made to the people there. The game developers has found a great balance between story, gameplay and survival horror!10/10!"
,Recommended,282140,18651324,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,RebeccaQ,AMAZING!!! 10/10
,Recommended,282140,18662227,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dandhe DiehsoolDeehglul,Best game I have ever played by far.
76561198111825283,Recommended,282140,18441646,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ThumperM109,Frictional has out done thmeselves. Not only a beautiful work with wonderful voice acting and stunning environments. But  work full of horrors on of many different levels. One that truly engages you in a life and death journey.
76561197972283226,Recommended,282140,18442148,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Harshfuzzball,A fantastic expierence. Good sound design and plot
76561197994952407,Recommended,282140,18441248,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Thegodhand,"Not a very scray game, but it does set a tense atmosphere and presents you with interesitng questions about what it means to be alive and human."
,Recommended,282140,18433915,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Shiry,"Unique and interesting plot, however I had wished they did a little more with it :)"
76561197981990028,Recommended,282140,18433934,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,gringopig,"At first, I thought this game was going to in the style of Alien Isolation and I was about to lose interest until I realised:This is Cryostasis 2!!I loved that game; a mixture of exploration, genuine atmosphere and affecting storytelling.Soma is one of those games that once you get into it, you keep on playing until the end. I just didn't get into Alien Isolation but Cryostasis and now Soma are amongst the games I have enjoyed the most.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,18434221,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Albinobob,How Can We Be Human If Our Robots Aren't Human
,Recommended,282140,18435359,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,John Blackhill,"Single Player: Yes (10)Multiplayer: N/AGraphics: Excelent (10)Level Design: Excelent (10)Sound Effects: Excelent (10)Soundtrack: Excelent (10)Played On: Standard DifficultyFinished in: 13 HoursOverall - 10What is SOMA? That's the question everyone should ask after playing this masterpiece. SOMA is about feelings, about human condition and about discovering yourself. This game has a superb execution right from its beginning. The gameplay mechanics vary in many ways, but they stay close enough to make it funny and yet, surprising. I'm not going to talk about all those jumpscares I had or about the plot. To understand this game, You have to play it, so sit comfortably while I explain why I consider this game a true horror game Masterpiece and, as always, don't be afraid of spoilers, because You will find none among these lines.SOMA has an overwhelming argument, taking You to an awesome travel that will sometimes bend your precepts, concepts and moral standards. It starts in such a simple way, but its complexity reveals as You start unfolding the plot and exploring its scenarios. Soon, You must start hiding and joining small puzzle pieces to just understand WHERE You are, and WHAT is happening. I will not lie, it sure is scary, but is ""Frictional-Scary"". Sometimes your brain will do all the job, painting shadows at the corners of your eyes and making You paranoid about ""that noise"", but don't be mistaken, You will surely find what You were seeking when buying this game: a Deep Plot, a Horror Story and lots of immersive locations. And now, for the first time, moral decisions that will push your beliefs to the limit. Welcome to SOMA, welcome to the best horror experience You will find as of the day this review is published.Graphics are next-gen, and they perfectly do their job. Rusty hallways, dark corridors, unlit tunnels and contaminated areas are a few of the things You will discover while playing SOMA. The textures are quite good and the engine is very robust (I've experienced two crashes so far), but the best part of the grapics is the Illumination. It is made with such details and yet it looks so natural that, while playing, I have never thought about being in my room, but being inside SOMA's world. The effects are quite good, and range from a wide variety of lights to many water effects and electrical sparks, just adding detail to an already detailed world.Level design is superb. In fact, is one of the best I have seen in a long time. Every single game has a zone that You can identify as ""I've been here before"", because of the same layout or similar objectives (something that Outlast usually does), but SOMA manages to always make You feel in a new place, even when it looks familiar. The zone design and objectives change in a variety of ways, providing motivations for exploring and for doing your assigned tasks. Sometimes You will have to sneak-pass some creatures, sometimes You will have to find a few items or just go from A to B enjoying the surroundings. To be precise, SOMA's level design manages to make the player confident enough to explore but not to feel safe.Ahh, the Sound Effects. What a lovely masterpiece of shriekings, growls, breaths and screams. They are sublime, sometimes making You jump when there's nothing to fear. The environment just feels alive, like You were really there. Everything in SOMA has a special noise that You can identify, ranging from creatures to machines. And when combined with its music, wow. Pure immersive, instrumental pieces of art. Ambiental music with no sudden chords is what You will hear in SOMA, but when the things go wrong music will change its tone to a threatening, hearbeating rythm that will put your senses to the limit.To end this review, I must say SOMA is a Masterpiece, a horror experience like no other before because of its composition, a sublime mix of terror, ambience, moral decisions, awesome environments and unexpected twists that pushes the player's limits and require all of its attention in order to survive. Buy it, and You will not be dissapointed!"
76561198002241726,Recommended,282140,18434607,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,<!--TimeOut-->,"This game is not about gameplay. This is a story-driven and atmospheric game and these two aspects are phenomenal done. After you have finished this game you have a lot to think about it.After ""The Beginners Guide"" this is the second thoughtful game I can fully recommend."
,Recommended,282140,18378441,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,chayton,"This game scared me more than Amnesia, I think it's my favorite horror game.10/10 glitchy robotsExcited for the mac workshop to open up."
76561198055458524,Recommended,282140,18379589,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Conz680,"This game was incredible. Simply incredible. I have never encountered a game so polished, so detailed, or so intimate as this one. If you are considering buying this game, do it. I cannot recommend it more. Frictional has developed a masterpiece. I'm not in the habit of writing reviews for games, but this one is special. It will scare you out of your wits, yes, but it's so much more than just a horror game. If you think SOMA is just Amnesia with robots, you are mistaken.TLDR: buy it, it's amazing."
,Recommended,282140,18379867,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,pb,Undoubtedly a solid contribution to the horror genre.
,Recommended,282140,18270333,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ArkAngel Shaun - 4K,"WOW! Is the single best word to describe this game. It is truely immersive with a storyline that really has you thinking. It is not obvious at all why everything is happening. The gameplay is varied which always keep the game refreshed without it going stale doing the same tasks. The graphics are amazing! (All at max) with a solid 60fps as that is where I capped it. It is not easy which I like as it makes you think at times without giving it to you on a silver plate with objective markers and all that HUD stuff. Speaking of HUD, there is hardly a HUD at all which is good as it keeps up with the immersive feel it gives off. I have played for quite a while and will continue to do so with a smile of my face. Great buy! Also if anyone is a fan of the classic bioshock then this is for you. It has a very nice likeness to it without copying it though which is great! 10/10 NO PROBLEMS! :DEDIT: I completed the game and still a massive 10/10. BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198092692648,Recommended,282140,18378834,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,amos1142,"So, this is the first actual horror game I've played through. I mean, assuming you don't count slenderman. So lets get down the the bare bones.Pros:Great storylineAmazing atmosphereBeautifully craftedFuture player created contentNot overly reliant on jump scaresCons:Game felt a bit stretched in my opinionIt could ended up being shorter and maintained the overall effect (not that this was a massive issue)Overall if you're looking for a good horror game this is the game for you. Yeah it has a 30 dollar price tag but it's well worth it. This will be more so when more player mods start hitting. ;)"
76561197971590207,Recommended,282140,18378947,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,strider7140,"I’ve never played a game that made me think about myself and existence as much as SOMA.  I play all types of genres, but nothing has ever hit me like a ton of bricks.  If you want an action/rpg style game then this is not for you.  Furthermore, if you want a game that is jump-scare horror, then this is not for you either.  I realize many people don’t enjoy story based games, as they are not “games” enough, but I dare you to take a dive into SOMA without coming out changed.  Its story is unparalleled and I promise you won’t agree otherwise."
76561197983197880,Recommended,282140,18377385,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Blast Hardcheese,"This is an amazing game, and not just because it's atmospheric, or because it's creepy and leaves you tense and quivering when you have to get around a baddie with no way to defend yourself. This game is amazing because the story, concepts, implications, ethics, etc that it examines turn out to be even more chilling than the gameplay itself, and that is no small feat. You get creeped out by the environments and the things wandering around in it, but combine that with what has happened here and is happening here and you will be thoroughly harrowed by the end. Amnesia: The Dark Descent was a destroyer of underwear. SOMA will also leave a few pair totalled, but it'll also wreck your mind as well in ways you might not expect."
76561198217346195,Recommended,282140,18354903,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,AWKW4RDxPANDA,"ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!!SOMA is a beautiful masterpiece that was made by game developers that wanted to create a piece of art, This game, the atmosphere, the graphics, the sounds and the voice acting are all perfect. Makes my eyes want to explode with JoyThis game is worth ever cent and i am incredibly happy i purchased this game!well done frictional games, well done!also check out my youtube channel, i shall be uploading a SOMA gameplay video very soonhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnd1TTuWwdaZ5p_G2UaI8Rg"
76561198231364204,Recommended,282140,18402256,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Jon Targaryen,"Graphics? amazing. Interactability? Over the top, almost everything is moveable. Story? OK. The game has some points that are genuinly creepy, but I got a lot of the feelings of alien isolation and the Amnesia series. I also had a feeling of being lost at what to do or where to go. I also really enjoyed the game, it was an adventure that really made the characters feel human and almost as if they had genuinly lost something."
,Recommended,282140,18239219,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Chef Gary,Ten otta ten. Light on scares but the story is great.
76561198111316552,Recommended,282140,18239512,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Gameonfire12,Spooky. Idk why people say this isn't as scary as Amnesia. I actually find this really freaking scary. And the atmosphere is beautiful. Worth buying.
76561197991938141,Recommended,282140,18236457,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Pecata,"This is a very good game! I will start off that this isn't that scary of a game...it is more disturbing than scary to me. I really enjoyed the story, and the way it was told-the voice acting and the gameplay are pretty good-if you like to experience some well written mystery and solve a few puzzles along the way-this game is for you.This is my first game of this kind and I gotta say I enjoyed it! Some of the monsters in the game can be frustrating and there are a few glitches along the way but as a whole package the game is solid and well made-the music and the sound effects are amazing and reflect the situation developing on the screen...it is definitely best played with headphones."
,Recommended,282140,18236743,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,[RNoAF] Metamon7,"After playing through SOMA, these are my thoughs:I bought the game, expecting a horrific and scary horror game. I hoped it to be as good as Amnesia: The dark decent. Unfortunately, Amnesia is not the best horror game I have played anymore. SOMA has beautiful graphics, scary moments, puzzles, and what I liked the most, A fantastic story. I felt like I was in the game when playing as Simon (which made it seem even more real because that's my name real name). Frictional Games managed to create a scary environment, just like in Amnesia. I noticed that many of the scenes were similar to Amnesia, and just as scary. I have heard many people say Amnesia is scarier, but in my opinion, this game is just as scary, except possibly the environment. Being in a futuristic underwater base might not sound as scary as being in a dark old castle, but Frictional Game managed to do this well.PROS:-The Story is beautiful.-The graphics look amazing.-Basically everything I said above.-Stable game with very little lag.-Fun and exciting puzzles. I was not bored for a minute.-Effects and realism, even though it's futuristic.CONS:-Had issues with fullscreen and VSync. Game ran at 30FPS. Managed to fix with Borderless window and VSync off. (Had no screen tearing).-When entering a base, the game stops running for a few seconds, probably just to load the base. The game crashed twice because of this. Not a huge issue because of autosave.That's my summary of the game. The only cons are optimalization issues, but they werent much of a problem. The game itself is quite stable, and a medium good computer should be able to run it well. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. If you're thinking of buying a horror game, this is definitely the one for you. Thanks for your attention, and have a nice day!"
76561198134911694,Recommended,282140,18252026,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,arrestedracer,"If you dont buy this game you will be really missing out, such a good game. just do your self a favour and buy it."
,Recommended,282140,18178574,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Clithulhu,"What a absolutely beautifull game and what a incredible story line.This game is now one of my all time favorites, and i highly recommend this game to everyone else!Just amazing! and just as expected from Frictional Games.I'm definetly going to replay this one!I was very hyped for this game but it still exeeded all my expectations.I rate it a solid 10/10"
76561198013651964,Recommended,282140,18178587,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,NimbleTaco,"Soma has been, really the first ""horror"" game that I ever played. I thought I knew what to expect having watched so many youtubers play horror games. I thought I had guessed the story from the start knowing what was going to happen and how to the story would play out. At the start the game it had its atmosphere to give you that ""creepy"" feeling, but that didnt last long, and overall not really horrifying like I had imagioned a horror game would be. Honostly, I got very bored with the game at the start, but I pushed though and i really started to enjoy the game. As I got further into the game, the story had gotten better and everything I thought was going to happened didn't; for the most part. This game really makes you think, it makes you question life as it is, and what it means to be ""human"". Overall I really enojyed the game, and even though it was not that scarry, the feeling of loneliness and the unknown begins to set in after awhile. I recommend getting it for the story, and possibly player created content down the line or just go watch someone on youtube play it."
,Recommended,282140,18217420,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SJ5001,"SOMA has genuinely one of the most interesting and thought-provoking stories to come out of this medium. Anyone who enjoyed the Amnesia series will feel right at home here, and as a fan of science-fiction and horror, I can't recommend it enough. While at times it can absolutely be tense and scary, it's clear that SOMA is more about being unsettling and atmospheric rather than soil-your-pants terrifying.It took me about 10 hours to clear, which felt like the perfect length for the game to say what it wanted to say, but I have no doubt the story and its themes it dealt with will stick with me for a long time. Frictional Games have crafted something really special here.If SOMA looks appealing at all, don't hesitate - dive in with open eyes and ears, and prepare yourself for easily one of the most interesting games of 2015."
76561198026981614,Recommended,282140,18218627,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,민준,"In game content is so amazing: sounds, texts, tons of readable-interactive items, realistic structers...i explore everything on my way and it really makes me go deeper and deeper in this game. atmospher is putting yourself to a prison. fear of unknown is a constant feeling. whole concept feels otherworldy, you lose your sanity step by step... not only with your game character but also with your own self. this is a game of psychological horror, not a shallow one with simple, reflexive jumpscares... and thats why it is the true horror. it messes with your way of thinking."
,Recommended,282140,18216963,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,pls,Really gets you thinking
76561197970707889,Recommended,282140,18217005,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Shar'keem,"Short version: I loved this game, despite hating horror games in general. I didn't manage to get through Amnesia, because I just couldn't handle the horror atmosphere, and only got this since I love dystopian sci-fi stuff. And I am really glad I did!What you will get: An awesomely atmospheric game, that manages to tell quite an intense story in my opinion. It makes you think, and there were several moments where decisions were really hard to make and kept me thinking about their implications for ages.The downsides (also according to others):- It is short. I finished it in 7 hours playtime. In my opinion this is not so much an issue, considering I really liked those 7 hours. If you think of a typical game usually having ~15 hours playtime, and full-price releases comign to 60€ in some cases, the price-per-hour is the same, and I recently have not had as much enjoyment from a game as I've had here.- The enemies are unnecessary. This is the opinion of several people on the forum, I do not agree. While I did have troubles figuring out some enemies' behaviour patterns, and I agree that this game would work without them, the enemies serve the simple purpose of getting a sense of danger. Without them, there would be barely any failure state. I only died to them once, but simply knowing that this is a possibility greatly serves the atmosphere.- Decisions don't matter. It is true, that this game does not hold your hand as to how your decisions turned out. Nobody tells you afterwards that you were awesome/stupid for acting a certain way. That said, the game gives you the information to think about what you've done - and in some particularly horrible instances after the decision has been made. I spend a lot of time thinking about the decisions and how I would go about them in the next playthrough, so I do think they mattered a lot."
,Recommended,282140,18224597,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Votivecloud,"Simply put, the best horror game i've ever played.Considering it's made by the guys behind amnesia, I'm not surprised that I loved it.Game runs great, I guess the graphics aren't really to amazing, but looks really nice :)9/10, Wish it was longer."
,Recommended,282140,18224923,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,runamonk,"Love it! So far I am having a great time. Not run into any major bugs, a few graphics slow downs but nothing major. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,282140,18224982,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Teknopathetic,"Equal parts fascinating and terrifying, with impeccable atmosphere throughout. SOMA is a must-play."
76561197972723884,Recommended,282140,18226686,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Exitus,"A must have for fans of Amnesia and Penumbra. Very rarely do we get games that have such incredible atmosphere combined with a thrilling story and twisted world. SOMA is a chilling game that does not rely on cheap ""jump scares"" to get you scared, rather it relies on it's beautifully constructed immersive world that makes you feel like you're really there, alone, stuck at the bottom of the ocean figuring out puzzles while peeking around every corner awaiting the next horrible entity.The $30 price tag may be steep for some, I think a better price would've been $20 (like Amnesia), but for true fans of Frictional Games it's worth every penny. I hope to see more quality games from them in the future because unfortuantely very few games made these days contain the amount of immersion found in their games, rather todays games have an almost ""arcade"" like element that ruins the experience. It's sad that a small indie dev like Frictional can pump out a MUCH higher quality product then 100+ multi-million dollar corpoartions. So, support Frictional Games!"
,Recommended,282140,18226845,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Hanmer,"The developers of this game are known for making scary games, but SOMA was much more than just a scary game. The game provides you with an interesting story which really gets your attention. It sure has some scary moments, but for me the things I remember the most from when i played through it is the story, how heavy it is and how it makes this game so worthwhile. I would recommend people to get this game for its story and the journey it takes you along, not only for the scary moments it provides. Not only the general atmosphere makes it all so nice, the voice acting in particular is good and tells the story perfectly."
76561197971280570,Recommended,282140,18225150,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,xJaKx,"Awesome game. Loading times were a bit long at points, but worth the wait. Seems like its trying to load too large an area at once. As far as gameplay, almost as good as amnesia/penumbra however the dangerous times were VERY on-off-on-off with only a few points in the game where there was a consistent threat while solving areas as opposed to running like hell from point to point. Games philosophical ideals were semi-repetitive but well executed without being too preachy and transitioned well between areas. All in all a solid game and well worth buying."
,Recommended,282140,18225211,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,G.I.R.,"SOMA has a come a long way from its initial trailers, and the concept has changed a lot. For those looking for a more straight-jump-horror game, look elsewhere (like Outlast). SOMA is much more a hard sci-fi adventure. The characters are smart and more realistic than your typical slasher horror game/movie. The aesthetics of the underwater facility are spot on. It sometimes feels like Bioshock, but set in the future where such an environment may actually be possible. The game varies between very linear sections and semi-open sections. However, the game is largely on rails. This isn't a bad thing, the game has a specific story to tell so the linearity helps with the pacing. Overall, if you're looking for a good hard sci-fi story akin to movies like Moon and Ex Machina, this will be your jam."
,Recommended,282140,18235272,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,LoomyBear,"Amazing!! Ultra immersive suspense action thriller. I dare everyone of you, good sirs, not to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants while walking through the story! **in love** ^_^"
,Recommended,282140,18233311,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Pђiđ,The best survival horror game I've ever played!Set in a amazing atmosphere and engaging story with a great narrative. Totally worth it!
,Recommended,282140,18233914,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ベンジャミン,"Epic Horror Game.Loved the theme, matched atmosphere.Awesome details in Maps,Got lost few times. :DAnd even thou the Movie was a hoax i am looking forward to watch it!I did finish it pretty quick, but even then, I RePlayed it, found new stuff that i firstly missed.I dont Know if there are multiple endings, but that's why i started over.Even thou it's a Horror game i had only few jumpscares :DI would definitely recommend it!Did not kill the last human, And did not kill Simon ""WalkingTalking Diving Suit""I did kill the WAU.My ending was, Simon and Cath getting copied onto the ARK, Cath Fryed while arguing with Simon, and after the Credits Simon Meeting Cath on the ARK."
76561198018852608,Recommended,282140,18234080,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Rafty,Great! Incredibly good game!
,Recommended,282140,18234288,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hamoth,The greatest fisting simulator I have ever played.
,Recommended,282140,18167773,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Gekko,"Amazing story,Amazing environments,Amazing Characters,...somewhat rough technical quality9/10 best narrative driven game I've played all year"
,Recommended,282140,18167864,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ROBBERCHIEF,Absolutely brilliant game.11/10
,Recommended,282140,18167975,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Saitama,"Great game overall. Story driven game. IMO this was less scary then Amnesia Dark Descent but it was a fun game and defiantely has its moments. If youre thinking about playing your first horror game, go ahead and start here! Its fun! I played this in 5760x1080 and it worked great, using i5 4690k, gtx 970. Was averaging 60 frames, but some parts dipped into 35 only for a brief moment. Game was definately fun. 9/10 play."
,Recommended,282140,18219555,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Nargacuga,"SOMA is the next game released by Frictional Games. Known for their horror franchises Amnesia and Penumbra, SOMA manages to topple both of them by improving and adding to their horror formula.Let me start on the sound design first. It's PERFECT. The noises, the music, the sounds the monsters make and the voice acting make the world feel more alive than any other game has managed to do for me so far. The dialogue and interaction with the characters in the world are interesting and during some moments they will make you think about what it really means to be human.The environment is beautiful. The futuristic, rusty and metallic environments make you feel uneasy and at moments like the only person on the world. Combined with the ambient noises the constant feeling of danger never truly leaves your body, even when you get moments to breathe. The underwater parts in the ocean are some of the most believable and beautiful locations I've ever visited in games.The horror is like every game made by Frictional, it doesn't rely on cheap jumpscares. Instead, the developers toy with your mind. The music slowly swelling up, the environment making creaking noises, sounds in the distance that may or may not be footsteps or a monster growling. Like always they manage to use the one thing you rely on the most, your mind. And after the devs think they messed with your head enough and left your heart pounding, the game always gives you a moment to  breathe and interact with the world. But even when nothing is happening, even when the lights go out but no monster is out there to get you, you will always be looking behind your back. Frictional Games were always able to create that paranoia inside of you, but with this game they really deserve a pat on their back. It's just outstanding and done way better than their other two franchises.The final thing that makes the game the best one out of all their horror titles is the fact that you aren't left clueless, that you're not just dropped into a world with no idea what's going on. Before you start the main game, the prologue gives you an idea of who you are and what kind of character you're playing. And even when you have no idea where you are and what's going on after the prologue, it becomes more and more clear as you progress through the story. You start to understand the protagonist. How he thinks, his motivations, his struggles. And by learning more about your character and the world, you start to become very immersed into the game.SOMA is a perfect blend of all the things that make a horror game good. Great sound design, a beautiful yet creepy enviornment, believable and interesting characters, good horror monsters and great pacing. I can definitely recommend this to any horror fan out there. And even when horror isn't really your thing, I suggest to still give it a shot. If the horror doesn't get you, then the world and story will."
76561198051962324,Recommended,282140,18219989,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,最強Tjonteh - PMA,"SOMA is easily the scariest game I have ever played. Several times I had to take a pause because I entered a new area I was too afraid to explore or a terrifying monster encounter leaving me with a pounding chest and goosebumps on my arms.The story is masterly told, as expected from Frictional Games. The philosophical SCI-FI theme SOMA went for is very interesting and key parts of the story makes you think and contemplate, a lot.The puzzles are cleverly integrated to the narrative, you will never think ""this is a puzzle I'm solving"".The sound design is one of the best I have heard in a game. It is ambitious and well made, it captures the scenery and atmosphere of Pathos-II.The only negative thing I can mention about SOMA is the extreme frame drop when the game loads a new area, this is however nothing that affects gameplay."
,Recommended,282140,18231876,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,.... . .-. .--. -.. . .-. .--.,"while not quite as scary as amnesia, it componsates for it 10 fold in everything else.a game that questions what it means to be human.ps; if you read this pre-playing, you can pick up almost everything you see, the fluid is in the cabnet"
,Recommended,282140,18232151,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Shinrai,"This is one of the finest pieces of storytelling and design to be released in recent memory.  From the surface, you might think you know what you're getting into and where the plot is going...but you'd be wrong.You absolutely owe it to yourself to play this game."
76561198094574688,Recommended,282140,18231294,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Malacar,10/10 Would get depressed again.
76561198057571485,Recommended,282140,18231320,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Redneb27,"Not as scary as Amnesia The Dark Descent, but still has plenty of scares and a great plot.Like the others are saying, this game will make you question your (or at least your character's) existence.Well worth the time and money.10/10"
76561197976733585,Recommended,282140,18231599,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Tex,"Overall, I'd recommend this for someone seeking an interesting single-player survival-horror / adventure game.Pros:-Interesting and unpredictable story-Great voice acting-Graphics were pretty good overallCons:-The pacing in some sections was awful-Avoiding the 'monsters' got so old so fast and was more frustrating than scary.-Areas were unnecessarily spaced apart a long ways."
,Recommended,282140,18231702,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Clorox,Pros-Beautiful-Creepy Atmosphere-Wonderful StoryCons-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ EnemiesCan't wait for DLC
,Recommended,282140,18232669,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Roy,It is very hard to project my opinion on this game.Soma is too deep and thought-inducing for this.Play and find out the mystery of PATHOS-II yourself...I think-therefore i am...Or am i?What is i?
,Recommended,282140,18232726,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,argoth83,"It's been awhile since a game really made me think.  I'm not talking about figuring out puzzles, some sort of mystery, or even anticipating what the plot will bring up.  I'm talking about really pondering your existence and what it means to be human.  This is some truly compelling work from the writers, and the voice acting brings it all to life fantastically.The atmosphere is crafted masterfully as well.  I played most of this while wearing a headset, and I sometimes forgot I was actually sitting in my chair at the computer.  The sound design is spot-on.  Wandering around a deserted deep sea facility and listening to the groans, clanks, and drips of the structure really kept me immersed.  Those, as well as other sounds, also terrified me when the time was right.Gameplay-wise, you'll spend your time exploring and finding out more about what went horribly wrong down here.  There are some puzzles here and there, sometimes in the form of finding items you will need to progress, and other times in the form of re-routing power or moving a communications dish from a control console.  You will also, of course, spend some time hiding from monsters, which was the part of the game I enjoyed the least.  The whole ""defenseless protagonist"" trope wears on me a bit, but it was worth tolerating the mechanic to experience the game as a whole.All told, this is a fantastic sci-fi/horror game.  I found myself experiencing some wonder and melancholy along with the fear.  You'll find horror here, but the source isn't always the monster around the corner."
,Recommended,282140,18233050,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,De Lift,"SOMA, showing the world of horror how it's done.Who needs jump scares if you have such a dark setting like this? Claustrophobic underwater laboratories, crazy robots and monsters, the cancerous WAU slowly taking over everything, humanity wanting to survive in a post-apocalyptic world.The protagonist starts off knowing nothing about this setting (much like the player does) and thanks to the great pacing of this game you slowly learn more about yourself, this world and the beings(?) you encounter. The game constantly reveals just a bit of what is really happening. Slow enough to make you think about it and to leave you guessing what may actually be happening, but also fast enough to satisfy your need for more knowledge.This game emerges you in this world and won't let go after you have played it.More than horror, this game will force you to think about what makes you you and forces you to make tough decisions that will make you question the protagonists and your own moral standards.This bit of philosophy adds great depth to a game that’s about hiding from monsters and will leave you thinking about the story long after the game ends.The game is quit slower than your average horror game (it’s maybe even slower then Amnesia:TDD). The bits in-between the horror may feel a bit like a ‘walking simulator’ but I feel that it fits in this game.If you go into this game expecting an action-survival kind of game you will probably find SOMA to be more boring than scary. Granted, SOMA tries to disturb you more than to terrify you.If the mix of Amnesia fused with System Shock 2 and The Talos Principle, sound appealing to you though, you can’t go wrong with SOMA. Highly recommended, worth your money."
76561197969404710,Recommended,282140,18229536,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Chaos The Terrible,"I enjoyed this game. It presented an idea with an interesting execution of perspective to make the player think about it. The environment and sound design were very nice and immersive, just that alone made me feel the game was worthwhile. Interacting with objects in these games always has a much more tangible feel despite using nothing more than a mouse, its a nice effect.My hitch with the game comes from the monsters. I felt some of them, especially the 3rd one were extremely immersion breaking. The specific problem was that the monsters behavior is unclear. It made me have to think about them too much, and I concluded its only real behavior was to be NEAR where you were for the purpose of forcing you to get around it. Tactics one would assume would work to distract one or get it to go somewhere else dont work. If the monster had been patrolling its domain or behaving in some typical way, it would mean it wouldnt always be in your way. It really just made encounters feel like more of a chore, and you really just get bored of watching it shamble around in plain sight, not feel dread or intimidated.Despite what sounds like me complaining a lot, I really would like to emphasize that I did enjoy the game and I have no regrets with the time I spent with it. It was an interesting trip."
,Recommended,282140,18229684,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,EmptyE,"And absolute, goddamn, masterpiece from start to finish."
,Recommended,282140,18229685,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dravick,"An excellent game with a great story. I enjoyed it much more than A Machine for Pigs. I'm also a big fan of Alien: Isolation, and I loved this game at least as much as that one. It was a much more concise expirence, which future games in the Alien franchise should take note of. Soma is a great return to from from Frictional Games last title."
,Recommended,282140,18229708,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Infectious Cure,"I've played all of the Penumbra games and both of the Amnesias. Amnesia a Machine For Pigs was a MASSIVE disappointment; I wasn't scared at all. Amnesia the Dark Descent got predictable after a while and wasn't scary in the end game, but it was still a truly awesome game. SOMA blows all of those out of the water. (no pun intended)I love horror games but I have a hard time finding ones that scare me, but SOMA definitely did. I was nervous and tense the entire time and I had no idea what was going to happen next. The sound was phenomenally done; I couldn't tell the difference between ambience and actual in-game sound effects, most of the time. The story had me hooked like I haven't been in a long time. I would find myself thinking about it while I was away from the game. I want to play more. I am so excited for what Frictional Games does next.Pros:-Amazing story-Amazing and fun gameplay-Amazing atmosphere-It is an active horror game, not built on jumpscares alone.-Very fun puzzles. Frictional Games does a good job of integrating puzzles into the world seemlessly, without making them too hard.-You will be tense the whole time, unsure about what will happen next and you will find yourself truly not wanting things to go wrong.-The monsters stay scary throughout the game and aren't too annoying.-Actual characters! Most frictional games have very little to no characters, making the player feel very alone. This is not the case in SOMA. There are several characters with which you can interact with to varying degrees, and you must make hard choices.Cons:-So good you don't want it to end.-Monster encounters are possibly a little too frequent.-Randomly minimized during loading times.-Loading times were exruciating.-One or two more jumpscares wouldn't hurt.I ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE.15/10"
76561198105750318,Recommended,282140,18229778,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Korwinator2015,"One of the greatest video-game endings I saw in my whole life,it was bitter in a sense but also very climactic and not really 'mainstreamish"". :)"
,Recommended,282140,18230014,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Cpt. Fantabulous,"Not super spooky but it has atmosphere coming out of every black ichor oozing hole.  Along with a great story that knows what to be upfront about and what to hold back. Great voice acting and amazing sound design (WITH NO JUMP SCARES!) couple for some actually really affecting moments.So yeah, I loved this game and would recommend it to anyone, horror fan or no. I can see myself replaying this again just to enjoy the atmosphere and world."
,Recommended,282140,18230126,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Maverick,Don't forget to bring a towel
76561198029172509,Recommended,282140,18230231,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Z 7,"I've never written a review for any game before yet I've played hundreds (on steam). Don't get me wrong, this game is NOT a 10/10 but It certainly left an impact on me like no other game I've ever played. I'd rate it an 8.5/10 but its an amazing experience."
,Recommended,282140,18230411,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ConwayTheGreat,"I love this game, I am doing youtube videos on it, so if you are scared to try because you are unsure it will be good, check out my channel and see if you like it!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGXkcH_aZUKh5rWn8rPLWHSbxa_x4P5aU"
,Recommended,282140,19692197,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,DowntownSIX,10/10 - Would consider my existence again.
,Recommended,282140,19685041,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Tag,"One of the better atmospheric horror games. There are no jump scares, just a growing feeling of dread that climaxes as you face monsters in various stations along the ocean floor.I will not say it's without it's flaws:1. Once you leave a section, the fear of the monsters that were stalking you is gone. They cannot chase you outside of their own instanced portion of the game.2. The story can be thought-provoking, but I don't really care for the supporting character you meet an hour or two in.That's about it, overall a very solid game and worth the price!"
76561198003596091,Recommended,282140,19684156,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,xLordofmolotov,"This game is, simply put, a puzzle maze (not too taxing) underwater, set in a dystopic future where some kind of AI has gone rogue, and all of humanity has been wiped out, I think. It's so depressing down there, it's mesmerizing. Tremendously atmospheric, the sounds are especially creepy. The monsters are not quite as cunning as Alien, but still not the kind of entitites you'd want to invite round for dinner. Basically, it's thought-provoking, as much as it is horrifying. What is the ARK, will I ever find it, what am I? 8/10 game."
,Recommended,282140,19592403,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mclamp,Made me feel things I haven't felt since 9/11
,Recommended,282140,18515275,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,shadow4thedark,scary game
,Recommended,282140,19575084,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pierce168,"This is the first time I have ever wrote a steam review. I have to say that this game is absolutely amazing. From it's creepy atmosphere and its amazing character developement alongside one of the best story lines I have ever played through, I have to say that Soma is one of my all time favorite games. If you're thinking about getting it, don't question it, get it!"
,Recommended,282140,19578402,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Fraud,"This game had not quite as many  scares as did Amensia, but the depth and questions that come with the story truly make you question existence itself. It combines the feelings of claustrophia, underwater, with that the confines of a narrow spaceship.This was everything and more.I feel like I've just been hit in the gut finishing this game."
,Recommended,282140,19727567,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Birdy,Played about 20 minutes of this so far. The visuals are absolutely stunning!
76561198090745574,Recommended,282140,19722718,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rushing Problem,I enjoyed playing this game keep up the good work.
,Recommended,282140,19688501,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,RockAss,"This game is incredible, but what else do you expect from Frictional Games? They have done a fantastic job on the ambiance and sound design, which makes this a truly spooky game, and not just that jump scare bull-ogna. If you've ever played the Amnesia games, and liked that experience, then this game is right up your alley. I can't wait for there to be a ton of custom stories like in the Dark Descent, because SOMA was made on the HP Love Craft 3 engine, which looks AWESOME! Just get the game if you've already read this much, it's 3spoopy5me, bro."
,Recommended,282140,19602767,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Scariest Fish,"I do not often write reviews but this game was pretty deserving of one. I picked up the game and did not put it down until the about 8 hour adventure ended. It was a little slow at times, mostly during the underwater portions, but overall a really great game that made me question what it would be like to be in my characters position."
,Recommended,282140,19636275,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DemRupees,"Atmosphere and Story are undeniably good. A few puzzles felt more like roadblocks than immersive game elements. Still one of the best ""horror"" games you could play."
76561197990930323,Recommended,282140,20011524,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,pmigdal,I liked its story and immersion. It's close to Amnesia; with some themes being similar to Bioshock and Half-Life. It asks though questions without being pretentious.I disliked a few glitches (loading the previous save fixed them) and that monsters were occasionally annoying.Overall: the best game I played this year.
,Recommended,282140,20005795,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Khogn,"The world needs more games like this, and less generic AAA productions with quick-time events, cut scenes and badly written dialogues.10/10 WCMPA (would change my pants again)"
76561197976782461,Recommended,282140,20035900,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Communist Hamster,"It's amazing to see how far Frictional have come since the first release of Penumbra Tech Demo in terms of production values. I'd recommend SOMA to anyone who enjoyed Penumbra or Amnesia, it's a great, scary horror game with good pacing between threat/fear and exploration/downtime.I'd also recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the Talos Principle, since it deals with similar themes."
,Recommended,282140,20049693,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,QuietRoamer,This game blew my mind. The psychologial perspective and the way choices are presented to you is fantastic. I only wish this game laster longer.
76561198158677012,Recommended,282140,20050435,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,GhostFruit2345,"Took me nine hours to play though this, done in a day. The path is pretty liner, you work from A to B in each section, have to do each task in a set order to progress to the next section. Each section is fairly small so you'll never likely get lost, and you don't do much backtracking, you're always going on to somewhere new. It's very similar to The Evil Within, but that was far scarier, as was another similar game Outlast. The Sci-Fi element keeps it from being too scary, nothing supernatural here, more like Resident Evil without zombies. There isn't that much exploring beyond the storyline/tasks given, if somewhere is accessible then chances are you need to go there and do something, and no real easter eggs which I found. Around 1/3 of the way in you get the storyline, and what you need to do to complete the game, and it's just a matter of working though it. Thought provoking, but they could have done more. Most of the enemies you meet are just slight variations on the same thing, and it's really not that hard to complete. I probably won't be coming back to it too much, again The Evil Within has enough variation and cool little moments & sections to give it real re-play value, as does Outlast, this doesn't."
,Recommended,282140,19945296,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Wafflecopter,walking around exploringlights go outgame tells me to crouch to keep quite and hide1+ hour into the game still crouchednever leaving crouched
76561198065357489,Recommended,282140,19973599,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,S3@N,"Great game. Full of meaning and very different to what I have played before, not to mention at times making me scream like a little girl!"
,Recommended,282140,20457047,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,fbendomir,Mindblowing and very fun to play. Easily one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,282140,20047058,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mu7hU,"Excellent game, as expected from Frictional Games (maybe except Machine for Pigs...) Immersive experience !"
,Recommended,282140,20017138,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Revan,"What can i say about this game.... To me i think its a £50 title! Simple as that. If your a fan of the Old System Shock games then this is for you. Best game i've played in a long long time!!! FantasticPS ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" doesnt do it justice!"
76561198005469737,Recommended,282140,19892791,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,HairySandwich,"Excellent top shelf game.Good atmosphere, good graphics, excellent story."
,Recommended,282140,19876568,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,^0[^5VCL^0] .^3PHP,"SOMA is defeneatly a Gem of PC games that probably not many peopel know of; ""Dar, beautiful and horibly atmospheric. - PC Gamer"" is kind of describe it all. If you played and loved Amnesia i would defo recommend it. Great story, the user interaction with the world is amazing, i can't praise it enough; i brought throuhg a sale from Steam but now i would have payed the full price."
,Recommended,282140,19929119,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,srinux27,Absolutely amazing game. Pulls you in from the beginning and does not let you go. Loved it and hope there are more games like this.
,Recommended,282140,19929166,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Gaphiltfish,"Fantastic atmosphere, sounds, story, everything. This psychological horror game will be in your head in one way or another for a long time after you play it. 9/10"
,Recommended,282140,19930723,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ROW,jumpy. lumpy.bumpy. worth every penny. chilling gripping and beautifull. i loved every spine tingling moment of it.
76561198063814677,Recommended,282140,19801143,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,☐Head,Soma in a nutshell...Find a machine -> it's broken -> repair it -> use it one time -> find another broken machine
76561197965060389,Recommended,282140,19932445,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Iro,"A brilliant horror game made by the creators of Amnesia, Good atmosphere but unfortunatly easy monsters to escape from."
,Recommended,282140,19883528,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Teideal,"Bring a blankie and some photos of puppies and kittens as you venture into the horrifying, sci-fi fantastical world of SOMA. Not recommended for those with heart conditions or bladder/bowel control issues."
76561197970918719,Recommended,282140,30661112,Posted: 21 March,all,Sevesoldier,"what can I say...this is a disturbing, often oppressive game from a team of developers that know what they're doing. Time to check my sanity after this strange adventure."
76561198014732989,Recommended,282140,19917877,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SlothWashington,"One of the best narratives I have ever experienced in a game. The game is not very challenging or complex, but what it lacks in game play it more than makes up for in the story it tells. Easily one of my favorite games of 2015."
,Recommended,282140,19920191,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,RTBear,Top tier narrative gameplay. Frictional does it again.
76561197993610335,Recommended,282140,18177370,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Grune,Very nice assets and leveldesign. Almost a fresh take on the organic stuff & building theme.Not as scary as Amnesia but in someway it's like i was hoping the first bioshock would turn out.Good Game :)
76561198028846053,Recommended,282140,19921557,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,masshold,Except a lack of action and weapon system this game is a-must-to buy if you like science-fi!!
76561197998669484,Recommended,282140,19923813,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Orison,"One of the best games I've played in 2015.  Fantastic story, great atmosphere.  The scary aspects aren't over the top, so I think a lot of general players can find fun in playing this game."
,Recommended,282140,19925511,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,LordCheesus,"There are few games out there that will make you question what it means to be alive in such an impactful way. The ""combat/encoutners"" are not great, but not really what the focus of the game is about. If you like story-based games, and can handle some discomfort here and there - then this game will make you feel certain ways and question what you may have never really considered about what living is. Would recommend for those in need of some deep thinking."
,Recommended,282140,19922661,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SonyTwan,good game tbh
76561198040723960,Recommended,282140,19817217,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,n1000,I enjoyed this game quite a bit. Fun and interesting storyline.
76561197970853725,Recommended,282140,19843446,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,mrsmileypants,"Fantastic game, great atomosphere.  My favourite from frictional games so far.  Great sense of claustrophobia and tension love the setting and the story."
76561197960364023,Recommended,282140,20479819,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Dahita,"Fantastic game, can't thank the devs enough. I was really surprised, this is a no brainer, go for it!"
76561198039604726,Recommended,282140,20478374,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Daniel Howl,Truly a one of a kind game. I believe that this is the type of story that a lot of games try and create but always fall short.
76561198015204250,Recommended,282140,20481434,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Riley Freeman (papa bless),Truely an amazing experience if you are a fan of horror games this is a must have
76561198066162733,Recommended,282140,20481671,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,HelloItsMe,"Wow. This game allowed me to dream and see a realistic perspective on the world that not many consider. Felt a little restricted on knowledge of the current world and location exploration (seemed repetative), but just this game as a whole is a masterpiece and one of those games that really sticks with you. I ardently am waiting and persuing to find add ons for this game. Inspired me to try and learn how to add onto a game by studying computer programing."
76561197996390700,Recommended,282140,20472968,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,paradyx,"Super nice graphics, Runs well under Linux and has an amazing story. 10/10"
76561198079612226,Recommended,282140,20458682,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,adizzle,"Highly recommend, Good story, good game play, and keeps you intrigued till the very end."
,Recommended,282140,20460161,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,tothenizzle,"I love this game!  It's got a great story line, horror elements and a mystery that will drive you crazy trying to figure out.  But if you're running Windows 10, beware.  It crashes more often than a blind 10-year old behind the wheel of a semi truck.  Frictional states that you should update video card drivers (nope) and run a Steam file integrity check (nada), but that they don't know that the cause is: ""...you are running an NVIDIA GTX 560 / 660 on Windows 10 then it is probably related to a problem with the OpenGL drivers. We have contacted Nvidia and asked for help as we cannot figure it out on our own at the moment.""I'm actually running a GTX 760, but I seem to be having the same issue.  Until they fix whatever is wrong in the code, consider yourself warned."
76561197970346879,Recommended,282140,20446505,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BaBaBaBa,Best an most though-provoking story in any game I ever played. Can't recommend this game enough.
76561198041036169,Recommended,282140,20318157,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,gageSCOTT,"More 'experience' than 'game', in my opinion.  I spent approx 20hrs exploring, running, hiding, getting caught, crawling, looking at them, getting caught again, not looking at them, getting caught again, using the darkness, using the light, getting caught again, and again, and again...loved every minute of it.  This was the first game that I actually sat through the credits; and was surprised with some bonus gameplay at the very end.  Even though the game likely could be beat (on the initial play through) within 10-12hrs, I frankly stretched it out about as far as I could.Do yourself a favor and play this one with the lights off and headphones on.  I found the experience to be particularly immersive, and not at all what I was expecting.  I wanted to immediately play it again"
,Recommended,282140,20369379,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Syn,This game while the horror like Frictionals past games of hidding from the monster while trying  to complete your objective is same old formular (I like the formular.) The games setting story and characters where great. I got to know how simon felt the whole ride. And that ending weel thats spoilers but it was heart breaking. I couldnt stop thinking about the game after i finished and wanted to learn more about the world they created. Sadly thgere is no more to go on. But it was still a great game.
76561198022136416,Recommended,282140,20405753,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,XenoAlbedo,A lot of games make you ask what it means to be human. This game makes you ask what it means to be you.
76561198050037731,Recommended,282140,20437781,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Deadly Ichigo,"AN amasing storyline with a great ending, left me without words to say, along with goose bumps. lolz"
,Recommended,282140,20402862,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CryoniC,Definitely an amazing sci-fi horror that makes you think about what it means to be human.
25164161564653519,Recommended,282140,20238960,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BlitzKrieg44,"This game... This game. I don't know what to say. This is one of, if not the best story driven game I have ever played. The story, characters, and locations are all unique, interesting, and detailed. The sound design, the atmosphere are all perfect. The locations made me feel as if I was really there. Everything about this game is great. The mystery/intense story is by far the driving point of this game. Throughout the game, it will bring up the topic of consciousness and what is and what isn't. This is the best game of 2015 by far.Thank you Frictional Games, you have created something new and innovative, something truly amazing and have done it in a time of sequels and copies. Thank you."
76561198069224857,Recommended,282140,19364456,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,organicpeach,this will make you think. the story is exceptional and the gameplay superbly executed. this is an experience.
,Recommended,282140,20395267,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,HugeMallard,i was spooked
,Recommended,282140,20418948,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MitsurugiR,Sentient Robot + The Ocean = Nightmare Fuel
,Recommended,282140,20419143,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,bast⊚n,"Really awesome game. Doesn't follow the normal template for FPS-story driven games, i.e. no shooting, no lvling, no upgrading weapons. The games focuses on story and immersing you as a player with the environment and encouraging you to explore and find out by yourself what has happened to you and the place you are.It does contain some scary bits! So it is not for the weak-hearted.Can really recommend it."
,Recommended,282140,20414261,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,uLILgunSISSY =D,"What a stupendous experience.I'd label it 'Survival Horror,' definitely, but the intriguing storyline along with the environments (almost no location that comes to mind looks like another that I can think of) had me coming back time and again. I'd have finished it sooner were I not such a scaredy cat! The environment had me make sure I played in the dark for a more immersive experience and I'd highly suggest a good pair of headphones. I was actually so scared that I broke down and watched a couple of YouTube videos to help me! I know—pathetic.While it's no action shooter I'd describe the one-time playthrough and twisted ending very reminiscent of the excellent Bioshock Infinite. When the game was done there were two things clear to me; I'd just finished a really damn good game and, unless you use the Steam Community mods (which I can't comment on because I've tried none of them), there's no replay value. The ending? Frictional went for a Marvel movie style 'wait until after the credits' twist. Unless you plan on never playing this game please don't ruin it for yourself."
76561197973548777,Recommended,282140,20412422,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,funkman00,"My first time playing a game like this.  Lost count the number of times I've jumped in my chair.Not used to the run and hide routines that are essential but they are quick to pick up and eventually it becomes easy to develop hiding strategies with the monsters roaming around.I'm amazed by the graphics quality, especially when underwater.  Clearly a great amount of time and effort went in to developing some stunning views and sights.The ambience of the game gets me.  I've played my share of games where I can tell that something is eventually going to happen but SOMA delivers it with making me nervous with opening a door or walking down that long corridor.  Sometimes I worry I'll turn around and find out something was standing behind me...They story (while at the time I write this review I have not completed this game) is well thought out and very thought provoking.  And with certain actions you can take in this game it makes you wonder what drives you to make your choices.  Ethics?  Morals?  Honor? Kindness?  Compassion? Apathy? Or even sinister?In short there is only one way to describe a game like this: WAU"
76561197970616511,Recommended,282140,20258112,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JojoTheSlayer,"I have to admit the underwater theme is a bit more scary than the darkness alone in my view. The makers have been able to improve on all aspects to some degree. Looks, scares, fright, tension and animations, the latter which granted are still not AAA or OutLast quality, but good considering the other Amnesia titles. This is a must get game for horror fans. Its better than the older titles, its overall even better than Outlast in my view. Worth its full price."
76561198120855573,Recommended,282140,20187882,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,journeycorner,"+++ story: makes you think about life++ some levels have great atmosphere+ spooky+ good artwork--- gameplay sucks - Typial level: push every button, open every door, realise that your forgot something, backtrack... backtrack again... and again...- stupid ai- mediocre controls- graphic is technically outdated- some crashes on my machineBottomline: It definately has some flaws, but the story made it worthwhile."
76561198043537931,Recommended,282140,20170712,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,dpc,"I've enjoyed it a lot. (But Amnesia was better, to be honest)."
76561198065873308,Recommended,282140,20254311,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dat360NoScope @YT,This was a really good game. the story and atmosphere were really good but the gameplay was kinda average and boring.I still really enjoyed this game a lot!
,Recommended,282140,20299120,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Eternal Punishment,"Even though the old Amnesia-esque song and dance of hiding from monsters holds this game back it more than makes up for it in the story and setting department. Really hard to explain what's so good about it without spoiling certain elements of the plot so you'll just have to see for youself. In short, it's a sci-fi story 'mostly' about transhumanism."
,Recommended,282140,20171616,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Netherdrake,"This game is much more than 'just' a horror game. Quite possibly the best horror game ever made, but thats not its core purpose.There is something about it greater than life. It left me wondering, what is life? What does it mean to be concious? What am I? Who am I? What is my purpose? What should I do going forward?You see, this is not just a game. Its a thought provoking masterpiece."
,Recommended,282140,20248985,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lemmingski,"Somewhere between The Talos Principle and Alien: Isolation, you'll find SOMA.Also check out the novel Diaspora by Greg Egan for an exploration of some of the same themes (minus Alien)."
,Recommended,282140,20294301,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ivandiazalvarez,"Excellent existential horror, a must play."
76561198082361516,Recommended,282140,20295015,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,dmauas,"Rarely do such precious gems appear.This game is inredibly immersive, intriguing, myserious, and is overflowing with great design choices.The horrific action had my on my toes like never before, I've enjoyed every minute of fear.Everything about this experience feels extremely polished - the story, the dialogue, the graphics, the music, the sound effects - they all definitely form a top-notch experience."
,Recommended,282140,20272270,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kel Varnsen,"Much better than I anticipated.SOMA is an interactive science fiction/horror experience.The atmosphere throughout the game is amazing, mysterious and terrifying. Everything looks great both in terms of graphics and art direction.The voice acting, sounds and music are also superb and really add to the immersion.There is no combat, instead you have to avoid enemies much in the same way as in Alien: Isolation or Outlast.There are some puzzles and search-certain-items-to-progress moments, but they are never too hard or become tedious. Even more, some puzzles are simple yet brilliant and they always give you a sense of accomplishment.If you like science fiction with a decent story, and are also a fan of horror games like Penumbra, Amnesia, Alien:Isolation, etc. then this game is definitely for you."
76561198049183091,Recommended,282140,20272074,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CanisLupus4285,"Story - phenomenal, but spoilersGameplay - monsters have way more variety than in Amnesia games, and rather than throwing 8 at you in an area and then them despawning after you hide for a bit, you only get one at a time in an area, but they stay there, and you have to figure out how to get past them as they track you down. Works a lot better and is scarier, in my opinion. However, there are a couple of frustrating bits due to this new system, but you'll never feel like a section is impossible. The puzzles are there, as always, fetching etc. Nothing special but it means there is actually something for you to do, rather than just walking around aimlessly.Atmosphere - Different to the Amnesia games (underwater sci-fi place rather than spooky castle/mansion) and yet scarier. Feels a lot more cold and detached, an uncomfortably new location.Appearance - Wow. The appearance is pretty cool. The sci-fi-ness definitely shows in the technology of all the places, and sometimes just the appearance of something is pretty damn unsettling. The underwater sections are really damn pretty too, and add some variety to the environment."
,Recommended,282140,20277249,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,samuel010898,"A great game. It was a perfect balance of horror. It was chilling and discomforting enough to be exiting, but not so much so that I didn't want to play it. The puzzles were a bit unclear at times, and I  had to look up how to do some of them. This game rewards careful and thorough exploration, and I would lose my patience having to search a large area while being hunted by some monster. Completely worth it in the end though. The story is exiting and made me want to play more the further I got."
76561197962115193,Recommended,282140,20274444,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MrJoshua,"Interesting story which makes one consider what it is to be alive and be an individual.  It's a first-person game, no shooting, just sneaking around  and performing small tasks to complete the story.  It reminds me a bit of Bioshock and also Alien Isolation.    Sometimes scary and gives you a feeling of helplessness and despair.  Gameplay is good and controls were easily configurable.  Graphics were good.  Game time was approximately 11 hours.  I'm mostly an FPS guy but I enjoy good single player and good stories and this was both.  I felt helpless at times because it was primarily an evasion and sneaking around game.  This made it frustrating at times where I had to stop playing and come back later in tough spots.  Overall I recommend it for the experience and the story.  If you are a thinker, this game will leave you with some thoughts to ponder.  It's not worth top dollar but if you pick it up for a reasonable price, it is recommended.  I think replay value is probably minimal once you finish the story unless you like to be frustrated."
,Recommended,282140,20274461,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ErisMoth,"So I recently played SOMA, and finished it in like, 10 hours maybe?Although the game will be quite short if you cut out some stuff to keep you around and just run straight forward through progress. But I had a good solid hours spent on reading and exploring and had a lot of fun!It's personal opinion and it's for people who doesn't played yet. so I'd like to make it as short lines and spoiler-free as possible. :)-First, Generally the game's mechanic is rather simple. it's run and hide horror game like you all knows from Amnesia or Outlast. picking up an putting down.-Anything worth look close (photos, tablets, memos, etc) are picked up for close look but fixed in position. probably keeping things in place won't let people to throw it around and never know it was there. Hence, zoom button is not needed nor exist.-Opening of the game is really nice. it's in a warm, peaceful mood but somewhat isolated, outcasted into bleak spaces.-Opening does really fine job for being comfortable tutorial and telling what was going on. And it jumps right into the horror game mode.-Atmosphere is really good in this game. It's dark, slimy, sad and cruel. Half dead people fused with machine. Machines with functioning (well, slightly deranged) human mind. Everything there to create atmosphere are depressing and much lovely.-Characters are carefully placed. Everything that talk really melt down into the scenery, giving hints of background and storytelling.-As companion, Catherine does excellect job at being peptalk friend to develop story, loneliness relief, puzzle adviser, Anddead silence machine for most of the time when you should be terrified of those monster.-Difficulty is not there to stop you. But to be enjoyed.-Level design is simply brilliant. The game always gives extra points to explore, smooth flow, direct indication.-When you have to fetch something or find a way out, the game gives you a monster to play with. usually followed by simple, shorter puzzles and exploring.When you have to stick around a puzzle, you're locked up into the puzzle so you'll not be confused and stay focused.When you are surrounded by some storytelling stuff laying around, it just leave you alone.-Each chapter contains different enemies. Each enemies have their own behavior. You should observe them, and figure the workaround solution. It prevents monsters to be spammed with tricks or become boring really fast.-Morale choices doesn't really matter for gameplay I believe. But they're not extra ending or achievement stuff. They're mechanics to make you feel terrible about your choices.-Great ambient soundtracks. Each for the monsters too!-There's cool visual distortion effect.-Ocean phases, for me, were much longer and frequent than I expected. It wasn't boring to me and the direction was pretty clear despite of blurry, near-sighted visual. But for some people, slow and long walk can be uninteresting.-Since monsters does not randomly show up, game's replayability is very low.-Game's mainly running on the messages and storyline. For people who doesn't like reading block of texts in videogames, SOMA might not be their type.-You can trap monsters in any room. They usually take some time to open the door again but sometimes they just teleport out of the room, probably game wants or something happened out of sight.-And the poll section at the ark, man. It felt completely different from when I saw it in midgame. that was awesome.For me, the game was quite enjoyable, and a great time to have.Messages were, for me, not that surprising or depressing because it's quite similar to my perspective about things in general, but it was refreshing how they have putting things into and polished this well."
,Recommended,282140,20274841,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Stan Halen,Good story
,Recommended,282140,20274221,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,pONGEERS,it pretty kush
76561198025073550,Recommended,282140,20512847,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,faithlessjoker,A fantastic horror game that really makes you think about life.
,Recommended,282140,20513631,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ShXIII,"Absolutely wonderful and that is what I call an immersive story. This game has definitely made my list as one of the best. Everything about it sucked me right in, atmosphere, story, characters, setting, sound, music, EVERYTHING. At first the voice acting was a little cheesy but it grew on me pretty damn fast and I can overlook it not being perfect. Ran flawless on my computer and had all the proper PC stuff, fully customizable controls, FOV slider etc. Took me about 12 hours to complete and I could have gone for more. After finishing the weak♥♥♥♥♥storyline in Fallout 4 I really needed something great and this delivered. I didn’t have an issue with the monsters in the game which I read that other players didn’t care for or had a hard time with. The game was not so much scary like Amnesia but still had some creepy parts to it and come to think of it I actually prefer the toned down horror aspect for a much richer story. Frictional games pat yourselves on the back. Buy this game now and play it.It’s these kind of games that remind me why I have been a gamer my entire life. Fantastic"
76561198170907242,Recommended,282140,20517474,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Amine,"SPOOKY !!!!! I Came home late at night, I thought I will give this game a try. I played, 20 min later, the lights went off. I hit exit and went to hide under a blanket"
76561198059621151,Recommended,282140,20705559,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kiviviki,Really good game from the makers of Amnesia. This was a lot of better than amnesia and what i thought it would be.
76561198074035702,Recommended,282140,20680516,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ErwoodIsDead,"Early days, but so far it's shaping up to be an interesting experience. It's not a typical 'jump scare' horror game, there is a lot more to it and it somehow seems to get into your head (went to bed and couldn't stop thinking of it last night after playing it for only 30 minutes!).So far it's been a pretty deep experience compared to most in this genre, more moments that spin your head rather than make you jump.I'm not sure it's worth the full price, but definitly worth a look if you fancy a psychological horror 'experience'.I'll update my review if needed as time goes on.I am currently doing a play through of it as well by the way, so if you aren't sure and want to see what it's about, you could always take a look at the first episode, it doesn't really have any spoilers in regards to the story - I am still trying to figure that out myself at the moment!I'll recommend it though, it's worth the price on sale. Strap your headphones on, sit in the dark and step into this weird world...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnCZD4RkxQIThanks."
,Recommended,282140,20535118,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Offspring32390,"SOMA is only comparible to other horror games in the sense that it should be played late at night with headphones. You won't find jump scares or sudden unexpected surprises. You will however find a sense of dread that always starts with almost imperceptible glitch of the display. Is that my graphics card acting up? Maybe the HDMI cable came a bit loose? You hear the sound skip with static and you feel the hairs on your arms begin to tingle. You know what is coming, or at least you think and hope you do. Is that a figure in the distance? What was that in the corner of my eye? Was that a sound of something coming towards me or was that just background noise?Will it go away or will it find me...?All in all I would rate SOMA as one of my favorite games of 2015. It makes you think and it doesn't hold your hand. It mostly relies on you, the player, to figure out what is happening and piece it together for yourself. It makes you consider what it means to be human, the nature of consciousness and what makes one life more important than another. It makes you question whether the needs of the many really do outweigh the needs of the few, or the one. It has the mark of any truly engaging piece of fiction: it has stuck with me long after finishing it and continues to do so."
76561198118032788,Recommended,282140,20518818,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,DoktoR_F4usT,"""They're not us! They're not us!""Although not better than Amensia The Dark Descent imo, this game still has some interesting things going for it.PROS:- Atmosphere was very well done with environments ranging from futuristic facilities to the dead quiet noises of the sea especially when you go deeper later in the game.- Music and sound design was better than previous games as it really set the mood perfectly with each scene and the sounds were immersive as well.- The story is pretty thought provoking as it questions what it means to be human and throughout the games story there were moments where the main character questions his actions which I wont spoil.- The monsters and overall disturb factor in this game was really great as you will see very disturbing technological mutants roaming the corridors throughout pathos 2 and they will hunt you down.CONS:- One thing I didnt like about this game was how frustrating it was to get past most of the creepy monsters to the point where it became a rage game instead of a horror game plus this was also killing the immersion for me ( I had to resort to the wuss mod for the rest of the game which did not ruin anything but makes it a less annoying experience, I also highly recommend this if you just want to be immersed in the creepy atmosphere only because it is still terrifying when the monsters dont attack, they still follow you...)- Other minor thing I didnt like was the annoying random crashes I had while playing the game dont know if its just me, but it seemed a little unoptimized at times.Overall I gave this game a solid 8/10 and recommend if you are a fan of frictional or of games such as system shock and bioshock, this game is for you."
,Recommended,282140,20546238,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,strychnine,"This game was pure brilliance in story teeling a horrific atmosphere. Probably some of the best money I've spent on steam.You will more than likely are going to enjoy the game's story, but you most definitely will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants."
,Recommended,282140,20565562,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Pointy Stick,"SOMA is a very interesting psychological horror game.  Well, when I say 'horror', it's notthatscary but the atmosphere is excellent and tense throughout.  There aren't too many jump scares and it relies on cranking up the tension to mess with your head.The story unfolds in a natural way, without huge narrative dumps.  You start the main plot not knowing what's going on, slowly figuring out how it all fits together.  I found my attitude to the overall situation changing as I got more information (as one example, you'll see a survey on a computer a short time into the game.  Compare your answers at that point with how you feel near the end,)SOMA poses questions along the lines of the Ship of Theseus thought experiment: if you replace an object one component at a time, eventually replacing all parts, is it still 'the same' object?  Except in this case, it's not a ship involved but something more interesting...The graphics, atmosphere, sound and writing are terrific. The only downside is that it doesn't take too long to complete but the experience makes it worthwhile.This game is worth your time and money."
,Recommended,282140,30680295,Posted: 22 March,all,ObsidianRazor,"Wow did I miss the boat on this one. Overlooked it on release and was lucky enough to pick it up during the last Steam sale. I parked it in the 'to play' list after knocking out a few (so-called) AAA titles, but had I known how much of a gem this game is, I would have bought it upon release at full price.Great storyline, voice acting that is realistic, graphis are solid, gameplay movement is fluid, but the real draw is the low hanging dread of what may be around the next corner. Not in a DOOM 'be prepared to light up everything with a BFG', but rather, try not to get seen and if you do, you better run.I will definitely follow Frictional Games looking forward to the birth of their future endeavors. Great job!"
76561198138211777,Recommended,282140,20563656,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,lacrimosa,"without any questions, storyline to the max! graphics to the fine!, just the best game i ever played.,"
76561197978281942,Recommended,282140,20590666,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Velane,"What a great game! The game is definitly linear but redeems itself by having moderatly hard puzzles which make every session worth it. I was surprised by the visuals and didn't feel like i was ""coasting"" through any encounters. I recommend either playing on a surround sound system or headphones as stero sound doesn't do this game justice. If you're looking for replayability then look elsewhere as doing 1 playthrough (about 10hours) will net you 100% of the acheivements and you'll prob uninstall it shortly after (Though i'm sure there will be mods released at somepoint)Visuals: 9/10Sound: 9.5/10Plot: 8/10Overall: 8/10- Definitly worth the pricetag."
76561197992830213,Recommended,282140,20564893,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Liam's Yankee Bass,Excellent story set in a unique and compelling universe. Super spooky due to the best atmosphere I've ever experienced in a game. Also includes modding tools that let you create your own stories. 9/10
,Recommended,282140,20574359,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Magnus,Wow - this game definitely makes you think a bit.
,Recommended,282140,20551206,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Tobias Rieper,"Just finished SOMA.Great ride from start to finish, amazing atmosphere and compeling story that questions morals and humanity.This is traditional Fricional Games design, gameplay is simple with some detailed enviroment interaction, the game is mostly linear but its sections have enough room for some exploration, puzzle solving feels simple but effective enough in keeping the flow of the game, though some stealth sections might feel repetitive.The graphics while not a technical wonder like AAA PC FPSs like Crysis 3 still look good and do a great job at introducing and maintaining SOMA's amazing creepy, dreadful, Sci-fi atmosphere (Reminded me of movies like ""Sphere"" and ""The Abyss""), some sections in particular look really good.The Audio here is quite exceptional and demands you to experience SOMA in glorious 5.1 or even 7.1 surround.The story here is good and the main reason to play this game, i won't spoil it, i can only say that the writing and production here is good and will captivate your insterest in uncovering the whole plot.Now is it a scary horror game? Well, it is a horror game that relies more on atmosphere than jumpscares (You still get a hefty dose of them though).For me, SOMA gets an 8.5/10 and i feel that its 30$  price tag is cheap, unfair and unreflective of the ammount of value that Frictional Games put in it.Recommend it!"
,Recommended,282140,20599771,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,CM3,Great game!  I love survival horror/psychological games.  I beat it around 10 hours but it feels alot longer.
,Recommended,282140,20596623,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Doomy,"It was a fun experience. Horror was a little lacking I think. Amnesia scared the crap out of me with it's walking meatbags but the meatbags feel a little out of place in this one. Felt more like trying to get around mobs than running from scary monsters. Well, nice idea, nice execution. The game was a little unoptimized and a few bugs were present, especially the sound getting stuck after it's supposed to end on a few occurences were annoying, but nothing game breaking really. Cheers"
,Recommended,282140,20533298,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Dr.Pealz,"Another kind of game that can play out as a fun, strategy game and still have a story that can make you question what it is to be human. One of the most well made games in a while i must say."
,Recommended,282140,20533733,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Loqui-Mar,"An amazings, thoughtful, and spooky game."
,Recommended,282140,20479725,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr. Wobble Spanky,The gameplay is identical to the previous two but good gravy the stories just get better and better. This is narrative supreme.
,Recommended,282140,18516767,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,MutantPotato,Wow
76561197966934945,Recommended,282140,18517236,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,4Tune,Incredible. Will make you question your views on humanity and eternity.
76561198073480842,Recommended,282140,18524152,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mavis,"Wasnt what i expected from the creators of amnesia. Not scary at all, i call it dead space with no combat. Its confusing to find your way around, but if you enjoy a story driven game with great graphics, id buy. If you want jump scares or action, this is not for you."
,Recommended,282140,18489836,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,rgms,Awesome
,Recommended,282140,18490150,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,zinnia,"VerdictThe game is pretty good horror game in terms of atmosphere but the game fails (in my book) to provide a good horror experiance with the enemies. Gameplay is quite immersive at a first glance but if you dive deep it gets rather stale and turns becomes a chore to play. So, as long as you are not a completionist nor are you the type of player which cares alot of enemies, you'll be like it.Pro'sGood loreSpooky atmosphereDiverse enemies typesThe gore isn't heavily relied onThe lore you find might impact the dialogueCon'sBoring enemiesBack and forth runningWay to much Lore to seek outNot enough choices in the gameThe death mechanic is far too lenient"
,Recommended,282140,18489411,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Nodory,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is really good. Bought it for the spooks, stayed for the story! Not so much scary imo, but it sets an atmosphere unlike i have ever seen before in a video game or a movie. Definitly a must-play!"
,Recommended,282140,18494075,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,☯ZenoSloth☯,"First off i want to say that this game is no amnesia. In my opinion nothing will ever have my heart pounding as hard as it did when i first played the dark decent. but thats not to say that this game has it moments. the monsters were extremely well designed and had me going a few times. overall it was a total pleasure to play this game, and I enjoyed every minute. If you are thinking about buying this game, DO IT!"
,Recommended,282140,18494094,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Gear,"Wow to date, believe it or not after 22 years of gaming I finally played a complete awesome game well done.  Hope for a sequel.  In space maybe ?  The satellite found by an advanced dying civilisation which plugs the ark into their system and a new adventure begins ?"
76561198078760628,Recommended,282140,18494107,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,docszoo,Do you like good stories? Do you like scary♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can you handle being underwater?This game is for you. Get it. Now.
,Recommended,282140,18557652,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,BananaStand,Fantastic story.
76561197972477645,Recommended,282140,18554844,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Tom226,"Fantastic horror game, with a great story. The horror does wear off over time but the stroy really keeps you going!"
76561198063185839,Recommended,282140,18450975,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Barkly the Basketball,"Now that my friend ""Corrupt Harlequin"" has helped me fix the game. I can happily say its the best game ever again. I would definatly recommend it."
,Recommended,282140,18578415,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ligerzero459,"Hoo boy, Frictional Games really delivered with this game. Being the same studio that developed the Penumbra series and Amnesia: The Dark Decent, Frictional has nailed it once again with SOMA. Part of the horror comes from the monsters that lurk in the halls of Pathos-II, but the other part comes from the feeling of dread as you learn more about the world around you. This is a fairly ambitious work of science fiction, and it delivers beautifully.I only have two gripes with this game. One, the load times are bad sometimes. Initial load when you haven't played in a while can be upwards of 3-4 minutes. And in-game, the game will freeze (very) occasionally while a larger section is loaded or while the game is saved. Two, I wanted it to be longer. I haven't been this scared since I played Amnesia, and I loved every minute of it.PROS:Engaging storyWonderful graphicsBone-chilling horrorCONS:Loading times"
,Recommended,282140,18601370,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Borde,"It has a very nice feel to it, and while not as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, this is definitely better than A Machine for Pigs (which I actually liked).Also, please don't torture Carl. Just, please don't. Machines can have feelings too."
,Recommended,282140,18602048,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,inorganic,"This game is simply awesome! the atmosphere reminds me of another epic horror game Alien Isolation which is great for me as i'm an addict for such type of games. My special thanks goes to Frictional Games dev team, you did an amazing horror game which have this anticipation technique and it keeps you on the thin edge while you are about to approach each next corner in the game and see what's next... Great game and highly recommended for people who seek for a true horror game!"
76561198002517043,Recommended,282140,18630542,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,oO,"I would love to continue this game, but I just sit here and am to frightened to start it..."
,Recommended,282140,18540780,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lord Scrubulus Maximus,Good
76561198085689169,Recommended,282140,18540050,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Adeen Dragon,"Great game.  My heart was pounding at several points.  Asks some pretty deep questions of you.Ending got me down, though."
76561198080942630,Recommended,282140,18540164,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BRUNKA,10/10. What a beautiful game.
,Recommended,282140,18532964,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,LotharTheLibrarian,"Well, now that I've recovered from my fear induced heart attacks I guess I should review this. First off, if you, like myself, are terrified of the deep ocean, get this game. It will put you in the most uncomfrotable situations you can imagine and leave you hanging there as your screen glitches over, your ears bleed from what can only bedescribed as a combination of horrific static and a demonic shark chainsaw beast speeding in your direction.On a more serious note, this game has made me more uncomfortable than any other game I've ever played or movie I've ever seen. It's the subtle noises, the distant screams, the grinding of cogs and gears, the electrical buzzing, everything slowly builds and adds layers and layers of atmosphere. you don't ever know if that noise was actually a noise or just your imagination, and you're generally too scared to leave your corner to go and check.Level design is fantatic. Each area feels and looks unique, each puzzle (oh yeah, did I mention that while being stalked by these unholy mechanical monstrosities from hell you'll have to solve puzzles that may or amy not free more of them?) is unique and many are actually quite difficult. The sound design is perfect, not too much, never too little. As I said, every knock, every crinkling of paper could be nothing, or it could be you, or it could be a swift horrifying death.Now for the story. I'm a sucker for anything remotely philosophical, spacey or simply sci-fi. This ticks all those boxes and more. It's got elements of Bioshock in, some deep searching questions similar to The Talos Principle and plenty o' horror for fans of every other Frictional Games title. It takes you on a journey through the lives of humanity in its dying moments and how it, through its own ingenuity and often ignorance, attempts to save itself. Showing both the very greatest and very lowest of humanity, this game does a phenomenal job of capturing so much within sucha  short time frame and with such limited resources.10/10 would cower in a corner recovering from a panic attack again."
,Recommended,282140,18537855,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,xDaudex,Pros:Very good immersion and atmosphereAmazing environmentsGreat story and charactersCons:Sometimes you may get lost or not know what to do (had to look a few things up online)At times the monster's AI can seem a bit glued to you which can lower immersionSometimes the physics with objects can be a bit odd
76561198167016583,Recommended,282140,18537857,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ManHammer,"Great game!  Lots of interaction, the level layout is done very well and the emersion is awsom.  The story is deep and keeps you wanting to find out more."
,Recommended,282140,18537894,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,m3ld0n,One of the best stories I have experienced. The atmosphere and narrative are amazing. Its sad it didnt last longer.Looking forward to the mods.
76561198054280049,Recommended,282140,18535029,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,davidnunezverado,"Like Atmosphere, story, and hard questions about life and existence?Play this game."
,Recommended,282140,18591861,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ejnvirus,This game was WORTH IT!Cons:Did not like that it was to much quest to quest basedNo real option to choose except onceLike an interactive movie more than a game to playoutPros:It was really touchingImmersiveScaryGreat voice actingGood graphic artGreat plotAmazing endingThank You. Hoping for a Part 2.
,Recommended,282140,18604702,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Toaster Strudel,"What a fantastic game! The plot is slowly unravelled in a perfect pace that leaves you at the edge of your seat throughout the entire playthrough. The level design is excellent, I was hardly ever lost and was able to progress through most puzzles with relative ease; they provided enough of a challenge to encourage my effort and remain challenging, but weren't too hard. This is one of those games that will leave you with your jaw dropped and chills running down your spine at the end. I HIGHLY recommend you give this a shot. It is pretty scary at times, but it is more focused on questioning one's reality and immersing the player in an overwhelming sense of loneliness and dread, rather than focusing solely on scaring the player. The visuals are stunning and the detail is breathtaking. 10/10"
76561197971338903,Recommended,282140,18605830,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hatti,Go and scan your brain before it's too late!
76561197970800104,Recommended,282140,18666112,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,CAL9000,"SOMA is an intense and thought-provoking existential sci-fi horror game set in an oppressive underwater research facility. Frictional Games once again prove why they're masters of first person horror by presenting us with a disturbing experience that not only tops the Amnesia series but pushes their own uniquely-engaging brand of storytelling forward.We've seen environments like Pathos II in games before but SOMA somehow manages to feel fresh with every note, broadcast, machine, room, corridor and enemy existing to both unnerve us and deepen the story. The game looks and sounds fantastic and each environment is highly interactive and packed with interesting details. Players who enjoy exploring every inch of the game world will be greatly rewarded and players who simply want to run to the finish will experience a roller-coaster of a ride.It's unfair to judge SOMA purely as a horror game as the story is perhaps its finest asset. The plot is extremely deep and disconcerting and forces us to consider the concept of 'self' whilst encountering a host of strange machines and creatures. There's absolutely no filler in here and Frictional are keen to ask us to make odd decisions in horrible situations whilst constantly questioning our own choices.A great sci-fi story, an engaging game world, a fantastic horror experience and a framework for just how far we can go with videogames as a storytelling medium, SOMA is certainly worth your time and money."
76561197960580389,Recommended,282140,18667525,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,cyborg3ero,"Amazing game and story. Makes you question humaity, life, and conciousness - while giving you a little scare here in there, haha! Definitly worth experiencing, and avoid reading spoilers, as it will ruin your journey."
,Recommended,282140,18675132,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Warkanum,"SOMA fracks with your mind. I have to say, the story is very good. Scary, freeky and the music does help. Great graphics and good physics. Thanks for this game. I completed it on Arch Linux and did not have any issues.  We are currenly in the ARK.... ;-)"
76561198008736517,Recommended,282140,18675055,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Belial,Again a realy good game from frictional games.
,Recommended,282140,30150225,Posted: 24 February,all,hichenn ツ,"It's an awesome game to play. Not just for it's scary moments, this game has an epic story with some difficult choices."
76561198062692522,Recommended,282140,18906002,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,The Panty Knight,"This game is one of the best games I have played in years, and the only game I have every even thought about writing a review for. This game well deserves a review.The game really gets you thinking not puzzle wise, but a sense of ones self. A mind boggling game that gets you thinking. Asking questions constantly. Who? What? Where? Why? How? The game plays so fluid that things just.... fall into place at the perfect time.I have never had a game feel challanging, but at the same time have a nice pace. You will rarely be ""stuck"" it feels more like its suposed to happen that way. This game is like a work of art, Beautiful level design, AMAZING enviroment. The game very easily grabs you by the collar and makes you think... what if this was me? what would I do?If anyone has any questions at all by all means ask away I love this game and would like everyone to play it.I give this game a 10/10 I know what you are thinking ""10/10 means its perfect you are just saying that""NO! This is honestly the only game I have ever played that i would rate a 10/10 there is not a SINGLE thing I would change about this game. From initial start up, to the credits rolling. Not a thing.Do yourself a favor and pick this up now before some Jack@#% ruins it for you or you look something up and ruin it for yourself.If you wind up picking this up because of this review Tell me what you thought about it after!"
,Recommended,282140,19093797,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Crovop,"Absolutely wonderful atmosphere and probably the best sound design I've ever heard. The game mechanics are extremely well integrated too, manipulating switches, computers, doors and random objects never felt quite so good. Also, no need t bother with inventory management and tedious searching, because you will always be completely defenseless against the horrors you encounter. This makes the immersion so much greater.Very few jump scares, and still it manages to be significantly more scary than anything I've played in the Silent Hill and Dead Space franchises. Being chased by a homicidal creature while frantically pressing buttons to close doors just before your pursuer catches up with you is absolutely terrifying. Even worse/better, having to do things that make noise in order to proceed, while you know you're being stalked by creatures that react to sound.Overall, an excellent game that really knows how you make you uncomfortable in the best possible way."
,Recommended,282140,19077879,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,knifu waifu,Do you like atmospheric horror and immersive storytelling? You should probably play this game right now. Also a sci-fi fan? Maybe consider time traveling in order to play this game yesterday.
,Recommended,282140,19076940,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MuntCuncher,"Amazing experience. The best combination of AI-related sci-fi and horror. If it were a movie it would be one of my favorites along with 2001: A Space Odyssey, Moon, and Ex Machina, and that's without the great horror elements. It's slightly slow in the beginning, but gets really good after you get into the storyline a little more."
,Recommended,282140,19064535,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Owl_209,Never before has a horror game caused me to truly question what it is to be human.
76561198097800580,Recommended,282140,19086265,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ryan.tkun,"Strongly recommend.SOMA's story brilliantly succeeded in discussing the idea of existence, which not too many games have done well. Because its narrative rests on several story events, I can't share much except that it was effective. That being said, the game was pretty sad and existentially disturbing, so it helps to be in the right mood.Some things to note. First, there is no combat. This will upset some players. Instead of combat, you are required to flee or hide from monsters. On the upside of there being no combat, the only important items in the game fall into two categories: (1) key items necessary to progress the story, and (2) secondary items you can view (but not equip or store), such as notes and photos. The upside is that you won't find yourself searching nooks and crannies for power ups, weapons and so on. The story is the main concern; monsters exist for the occasional scare and to leave in the dust.My only big complaint is that there were a few areas where the monsters were very poorly placed. An example (and there are others): you need to pick up an energy stick thing to power a suit. Problem is, when you get to the location of the energy stick, there's a monster RIGHT in front of the important item. The monster won't move unless you get close enough to it and then it chases you; might even kill you. Eventually you'll get the monster far enough away to grab the stick and leave, but it's frustrating that you're made to go through the effort. This was one of those points where having a weapon or at least a way to distract the monster would have made for a better experience."
,Recommended,282140,19085557,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Lycnox,"I adored this game! Frictional Games did an excellent job crafting the story, environment, and atmosphere. It was unsettling the entire time through, and the story was immersive. The only problem I had is that a few things I wished they went into detail more, but hey maybe I missed something. This is for sure on my top horror games list!"
76561198059843340,Recommended,282140,19075220,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,frippertronic81,I highly recommend SOMA to anyone who enjoys good interactive horror stories.
,Recommended,282140,19072563,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,FlashFlood_29,"PLAY THIS GAME!SOMA goes places. I expected a game full of jump scares and scary thriller sequences but I was given all that and then some.  The game's story is rich and intriguing with a thrilling concept. The game will make you feel many emotions throughout the experience and each one is presented amazingly. You as the player get to decide just how much you want to engage with the narrative, as the game places (not hides) the details around the environment. The game also never hides your objective and is very straight forward when it wants you to do something.  The controls are also kept simple so there is almost nothing that gets in the way of the story and sequences. These are the things Frictional has done well with in SOMA; keeping the game honest and the story accessible, all the while grabbing the player and keeping them engaged.The only negatives I could point out is that some of the mechanics of the enemies was very vague. I personally believe this made the encounters more novel as it makes the player confront their fears of the unknown in order to figure out the solution to do what's needed, but I can see this being a negative aspect for others.Fans of thought provoking narratives should play this game, even if you're not a fan of horror."
76561198044731109,Recommended,282140,18907058,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Drugsbunny,"A very polished and nice visuall game with perfect contorls and feels very well. Genuinely scary, especially with the excellent lighting. However there is one major problem, it's too linear. Feels more like a simple maze then what should have been an vast and open scary base. However this game offers the experience of thought, about life and all it's apparent mysteries. It gives you a question and it simply bogles the mind!"
76561197971160948,Recommended,282140,18993919,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,MadzenNine,Great game! Hope the developers will consider som sort of continuation or DLC! Thank you guys :-)
,Recommended,282140,18998121,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Craig Jones,"An incredible story experience, Smartest horror game in years!"
76561198004511850,Recommended,282140,19000805,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,b3rt,You'll feel terror.  You'll feel wonder.  You'll feel hope.  You'll feel sadness.Frictional Games have created a masterpiece with SOMA.  10/10.
76561198105675184,Recommended,282140,30610848,Posted: 19 March,all,Erels,"Just buy it and play it! It`s sad to see how few players have made it to the end of the game (30.5 % at time of writing) based on the achievement stats. Also I highly recommend checking out Gameological Dig`s videos on the lore after finishing the game. Even the devs refer to it in their blog. It`s a detailed rundown of the story which even people who have not played the game can watch, although they will not appreciate it as much.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SItJdkukIAU&list=PLc14ixCvs4wU967d34lhX-NRXEgKPcPabhttp://frictionalgames.blogspot.co.za/2016/09/soma-one-year-later.html?m=1"
,Recommended,282140,19097224,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,tigerjeffrey60,Best horror ever get running from creepy face and feel like pee my pant!
,Recommended,282140,19103106,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Herr Fristi,"Do not rush this game. Take the time to explore everything, every drawer, every corner. It's worth it"
,Recommended,282140,19103727,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,my name is jeff,Amazingly Addictive game. I am usually one of those Free to Play gamers but this was so worth the money and the atomospherre was spot on.
76561198163618057,Recommended,282140,19104218,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,LucyInTheSky,Re Doing my Review because this wont leave my mindThis is the only game i've pondered about after completing I'm always debating what exactly happened during all the chaos following the comet. I seen the video series and I've seen the bits and pieces of the old build and ect.. But i want more .. I want to know more about Adam and Imogen and Catherine and all the rest in the videos.This is the frist time a game effected me this way..
76561198017768034,Recommended,282140,18955480,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Leighroy,"A very game, very scary and well made from a design and storytelling pint of view, but:Crashes 2 times out of three at the start screen and will not display at QHD on my machine which is native 4K in anything but windowed. Judders horribly at 4K and effectively won't let me switch resolution down.Update: Used Batman: Arkham asylum crossfire profile and doubled framerate from 15 to 30. Still judders when rotating POV.Update #2: POV rotation judder is caused by sensitivity adjustment of controller. With Increased sensitivity, judder is reduced."
76561197976933918,Recommended,282140,18980407,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Nylea,"I very much enjoyed this game, immersive atmosphere, really cool story telling, really good pacing. Even more recommended if you've already played the first amnesia and enjoyed it, Soma is like 10x better."
76561198062326689,Recommended,282140,18967311,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Fancy metal can,"SOMA feels like significant step-up from Amnesia: The Dark Descent in terms of story, characters, and artistic design. The monsters? not so much.My only warning is do not go into this expecting Alien: Isolation type gameplay. There are various creatures and a few chase encounters but I would say only one of them actually delivered on any real sense of terror. The rest of the encounters were more a mild frustration/disappointment caused by inconsistency, incredibly limited gameplay mechanics, and poor creature design. For SOMA, the real horror comes from the story and the decisions that you make as Simon, as well as the constant questioning of your state of being. Whether creature encounters are a strength or weakness of the game will come down to personal preference. For me, I'm leaning towards the latter.Other than that, definitely worth the full price."
76561197970490990,Recommended,282140,19090381,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,CatAids,Loved every minute of it. Was sad when it was over :(.
76561197970502988,Recommended,282140,18551680,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,:ThirdEye:,"I work long hours. But being a huge fan of sci-fi games I found Soma difficult to stop playing. It was like a good book you find impossible to put down. The amazing environments, intriguing story, and excellent sound quality really drew me in. I don't finish very many games but I found myself jumping back into this game every moment of free time I had. It's been a while since I could say that about a game. (Bioshock Infinite being the last I could remember.)I don't want to over-hype the game, but I have to highly recommend it. And at $30 it's a steal compared to nearly all the $60 AAA titles that can't even compare."
76561198020600826,Recommended,282140,18548509,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,pleb,"Visually outstanding and truly an atmospheric game. One of the greatest stories put in a horror game as well.The price of this game is a pure steal if you ask me. Therefore I recommend this precious gem for the horror fans out there, pretty sure you won't be disappointed with its delivery of an artform."
,Recommended,282140,18547067,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Eat this...,"I went into this game nearly completely blind, I had no idea what it was about or the story behind it. And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ just let me say that Frictional Games has done it right one more time. A worthy successor to Amnesia: The Dark Descent. This gets my 10/10. If you enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, pick this game up. I cannot wait until the modding community picks this game up. I can't wait to see what they will do."
,Recommended,282140,18509732,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Leorill,10/10 Would have existential crisis again.
76561198006710444,Recommended,282140,18509825,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,The Panzer,"Great game, sticks with you after the game ends. They do a great job of not hand holding, you have to think logically through things to solve puzzles. It's more a thriller than a horror game to me, I actually would have prefered to have NO monsters at all or be able to fight them like in dead space. They're just not up to the same standard as Alien:Isolation but that's a minor quibble. You do make decisions in the game but they're more tied to your personal stance on conciousness and what counts as life and under what conditions. So i don't think they effect the final game outcome because they're fine as morale quandries you resolve based on what you think of the situation. A modern classic overall, it has some shortcomings but what game doesn't. highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,18536275,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Octagonalpaul,"This game is just incredible, I wish I could flip a coin, wipe my memory and play it all over again. Genuinely terrifying in both and cerebral and instinctual ways, 10/10 atmosphere, story, sound design and experience. I want more!"
,Recommended,282140,18542634,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CrazyMilk,"I found myself at times running pell mell down a hallway, screaming at the top of my lungs in real life. The story was awesome, I loved it so much."
76561198028082495,Recommended,282140,18543339,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,a Rhododendron,"Imagine combining System Shock 2 and Penumbra: The Black Plague into one game. Quite frankly, it's everything I wanted those two games to be. Tense, gripping, and genuinely provocative, this game is a must play for Scifi and Horror fans alike."
,Recommended,282140,18540471,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CalmofDawn,"Thought-provoking storyline, high-tension scenes, and a nigh-surreal environment that engages you from the beginning. SOMA explored some themes so strongly and delivered a rising plot-line that climaxed perfectly. Sentience, AI, isolation vs companionship, aspiration, and finding the meaning of life in a variety of contexts. Buy and play this for the story, the ideas, and psychological horror done uniquely well."
,Recommended,282140,18531681,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Questogood,"SOMA is a fantastic horror game, much like it's predecessor, Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Unlike Amnesia, SOMA did not have as many ""truly horrifying"" moments, but don't take me wrong, SOMA is a scary game when it wants to be. Overall, I would say SOMA is more of a creepy/scary game rather than one that will leave you quivering in fear. SOMA focuses most of its attention on the story and its underlying commentary on perception and reality, which is great for those who truly enjoy lore and really ""getting into"" a game. Overall, I think SOMA was a great scary story, perhaps even among the best to date. I'd say a more reasonable price would be $20-$25, but it is still worth the money. 8.2/10"
76561197987437583,Recommended,282140,18531772,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,bryantpe,"Better than Amnesia.  Not scarier, but better.  Dystopia is a well-traveled background, but never has one been so isolating and uncomfortable while being so intellectually engaging.  Completely emersive from the beginning, you'll find though that the game becomes exceptional about two-thirds of the way through.   And the end ... leaves you a little speechless and with a lot to mull over later.  What a great game.  Thank you, Frictional."
76561197969782921,Recommended,282140,18462720,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Flatline,"(Word of Warning: The game requires a fairly recent graphics card. Check the specs.)Not as scary as Amnesia, Soma is all the better for it; focusing on a more coherent and unsettling story in a far more plausible world.Graphically, while not necessarily full of mind-blowing special effects, the design and ambience of every environment is spot on and the lighting is perfect. There is some truly beautiful, and truly creepy scenery in this game. Acoustically, the game must be heard to be believed; everything ticks and whirs and breathes and gurgles and wails and hisses and creaks, and trying to quietly open a desk drawer has never been so tense.The story is very impressive. While you may expect the identity of your character to be a major plot twist... that twist turns out to be less important than its wider implications. In other words, if you've seen Cargo, if you've seen The Thirteenth Floor, The Matrix etc, and you think you've figured it all out - it doesn't matter. Soma will still punch you in the gut, because there's something horrible you didn't consider.Literally the only things I can criticize are:* Long initial loads. Once in the game, the whole thing unfolds fairly seamlessly (no overt loading screens, though the occasional stutter when you transfer to a major new area), but when you first click ""load"", you'll be sitting there for a while.* Graphical anomalies, mainly underwater; flashing lights, disappearing scenery. That's on an AMD R9 380. They're not really obtrusive, especially since visual distortions are part of the game, but there it is.* At times, the monsters become annoying; every now and then, their AI breaks and they stand still, blocking your path. Other times, their presence simply impedes your exploration and there's no way to kill them, trap them, or otherwise cause them to despawn - every monster encounter must be resolved via scripted sequence or game progression.Oh, and people have been saying that it's not that long. I'm sure it's *possible* to complete the game in one solid session, but that's if you're rushing. According to Steam, I've been playing 15 hours, and I haven't completed it. I haven't died repeatedly. I've just been playing carefully, exploring everything and paying attention to the narrative.EDIT: Completed it. Truly brilliant. Frustratingly, I can't really say anything much *about* the story because that would spoil it... but this is a game that will make you think. It'll make you think about humanity, and your own mortality, and even the nature of the parent-child relationship."
76561198116749078,Recommended,282140,18684928,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MikaelFGaming,Im not completely finished with this game yet but it is absolutely amazing! Im also doing a lets play of it so if you want to see the game before you buy check out my youtube channel and see it for yourself here:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWJKNV4ZzyT_WA9rppXKXzA
,Recommended,282140,18239283,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Zindae,♥♥♥♥♥my pants and brainmelt because of insane story 10/10 would do again
,Recommended,282140,18505268,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,-TerryTate.4k.cys-,"Quality story, would recommend/10. Enough said."
,Recommended,282140,18597949,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Skwigi,Spooky
,Recommended,282140,18574811,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,I Am A Bucket Of Chicken,"Enjoyed it a lot, really made me think about what I feel it means to be alive and a person. Questions like this might pop up in real life in the next 50 years or so. Definitley recommend for fans of psychological horror, for people with interest in philosophy, and anybody who just likes a well-put-together story. The environments are really neat too."
,Recommended,282140,18576090,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Shaggy Kris,"My god, this is most definitely now one of my favorite games. The narrative is magnificent.However, those who are looking for gameplay like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, you'll be a little let down. Hiding from monsters is much easier this time around, but don't let that fool you into thinking this game is not scary.What scares you are the implications of your actions, questions raised about humanity, and of course the monsters.Play it to the end. The ending... I cannot describe it."
76561197977220845,Recommended,282140,18576436,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Edner,"This was a great, atmospheric, first person romp through the depths of the ocean and all it's dilapidated research stations. The story was thought-provoking and entertaining, the monsters (when visible) were frightening, and the philisophical ramifications of the actions of the characters is rather intriguing. I like being scared, and this game definitely managed to do that. If you haven't yet, play this and then go play Amnesia!"
76561198005729136,Recommended,282140,18780622,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Maze,"It shows you the twist early on, and then makes you have to deal with the questions raised, not just be surprised by it."
,Recommended,282140,18779823,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sigod,Choices in this game will hunt you.4 Simons out of 1.
,Recommended,282140,18753449,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Braiven,Respect for this work! SOMA is a GREAT game. Atmosphere and Sounds are a overkill!
,Recommended,282140,18757111,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,rewalzzz,"In the 13 or so hours that I've invested in SOMA, the game has blessed me with a fantastic story that has proved disturbing, sad, and thought provoking. It forced me to question philisophical issues and haven't previously thought about. It has engrossed me in it's immersive environments, and enjoy the company of the characters.Interestingly, the only thing I was somewhat upset with was the horror elements. I felt like all of the horror sequences and gameplay mechanics could be completely removed and SOMA would be a more polished product. It feels tacked on - only present in order to appeal to a specific demographic. You can probably guess who I'm talking about.I'll be thinking about SOMA long after I've played it. If you're a fan of mystery, science-fiction, or games that make a connection beyond the screen, this is the best choice."
,Recommended,282140,18797389,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DUDE,Love The Game
,Recommended,282140,18785651,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,KakerMix,Real dang good.
,Recommended,282140,18785939,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Coffey,"Abosolutely amazing. If you're a gamer for the storyline I highly recommend this game. Frictional Games may have made Amnesia: The Dark Descent- known for being 'so scary you can't finish it', but they (and thankfully so) toned down the horror in this installment to allow for the player to soak up the storyline rather than constantly fear anyone and anything around them. That said, for you horror junkies like myself- it is still a terrifying game! A frightening experience with a mind-blowing story- a perfect combination!...Man I'm still just blown away at this freakin' game. Just awesome. Highly recommend it, if you haven't figured that out already!"
76561197965146476,Recommended,282140,18786091,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Essali,Great game like amnesia was! Recommended.
76561197966690103,Recommended,282140,19106568,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TOX444,Awesome game. Really. Took a chance on this one and I'm glad I did. Pick this one up for sure.
,Recommended,282140,19118154,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Appluq,"♥♥♥♥♥s ♥♥♥♥ed yo, but it's good. Really god-damn ♥♥♥♥ing good."
,Recommended,282140,19131898,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,sc[]pe,Solid game 8/10
,Recommended,282140,19097952,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,HWoodpecker,"This game hit me in so many different ways and overall i'm pleased with the outcome! Even though i had my moments of stupidity and roaming the halls of the base for way too long trying to figure out what to do because i was blind i still really enjoyed the game. The hard choices i was asked to take really hit me and i was forced to think a lot and after i've finished the game i'm still left with all my thoughts! One thing i wasn't expecting was the ending to be so... simple? I've been reflecting over the ending and it's really dark and it hits you on a emotional level but i did miss a challenge in the end.While i was playing the game i was following other people on youtube who also played the game and it occurred to me that some of the things in the game, small details like the brain fluid thing in the beginning wasn't at the same place in every playthrough and I really liked it even though it didn't affect the overall outcome of the game.But overall i am really pleased with the game and i do highly suggest that you play it and make your own thoughts about it!"
,Recommended,282140,19181077,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Man of Sorrows,"Alright. I rarely review games (mostly because I am working on a Master's degree, so, while I have time to play them, busting out a review is a little bit more than I want to give). Nevertheless, this was a great game. I happen to be getting my M.A. in Philosophy, so the themes in this game were right up my alley.So, first, let's look at the story without spoilers: I think this was really where the game shined. I don't want to get into it, but I really felt like I could relate to Simon. His backstory was tragic, yet he had a very mature outlook (hopeful, not desperate, joking a little about his dire predicament, etc...). I have known people who have been in similar situations regarding their health, and this was believable. 10/10Second, let's look at the philosophical issues brought up in the game. This was good stuff: are we (our persons, that is) reducible to electro-chemical impulses in the brain? If our brains were scanned, would the ""scan"" be a person (and would that 'person' be the same person as our person)? The two main characters, Catherine and Simon, sort of take opposing sides regarding this issue. I can tell you that there is no consensus in philosophy regarding this question (though I have an opinion, I won't share it). The next philosophical issue has to do with Artificial Intelligence. Is it possible? Is it truly 'intelligence'?  A third prominent philosophical issue the game brings up has to do with end of life issues. Is it morally acceptable to end someone's life because of its poor quality, including your own (another way to look at this: Is the value of life rooted in its sacredness or its quality?). The really cool thing the game does is NOT OFFER YOU ANSWERS, but simply offer you decisions other people made regarding these issues, and their reasoning behind those decisions. This is philosophy in a video game done right! 10/10Third, the visual experience is wonderful. I really felt like the graphics were fantastic. I never had any framerate issues or really any issues at all. My only beef with Frictional Games is that they don't animate a player's hands. This really makes for a less immersive gaming experience. 9/10Fourth, the puzzles were super easy. However, solving any puzzle usually came with lots of backstory and the like, so that was nice. I did get stumped when I had to plug something in once to get the power on a console, but it was mostly because I never looked down at the ground to see the ""blinking"" hole for the cord (duh!). 7/10Fifth, how were the characters? I really felt like Simon was well-done. However, I had a lot of trouble finding some of the other characters believable (you meet them largely through recordings and the like strewn throughout the game). I was thinking as I experienced these other characters (including Catherine), ""Wow. Um, I think if people were undergoing (the kind of thing this game has people undergoing), most people I know (which, since I am an educated dude, are mostly people with Ph.D.'s or getting them, which is relevant to my review because all the people in this game are ""scientists"" of some stripe) wouldn't be so chill about their situation. So, I felt the game lacked the kind of desperation that people in their situation would likely experience. 5/10Finally, was it scary? On this point I guess I will give it a 7/10. I was initially on the edge of my seat but got used to it, then Johan Ross scared the crap out of me, and Robo-girl terrified me (after all, she is super fast, and chased me down this really long freakin' hall to chop off my head!). But knowing what I knew about Simon (what he was), for some reason lowered the fear factor.So, with that said, I loved this game. It was fantastic. One of my top-ten favorite games ever (AND FOR ONLY $30!)."
,Recommended,282140,19183986,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Eddy1,"Intense challenging, very well designed, highly atmospheric environments, difficult enemies very good overall gameplay no juddering waiting for loading of graphics."
,Recommended,282140,18325387,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Vondur,"Rather nice and interesting adventure. It reminded a bit of Alien Isolation gameplay wise. There are scary moments, but it's not as scary as Amnesia. The story reminded me of Alastair Reynolds' Redemption Arc book. Pretty close to it in some details. All in all quite good sci-fi game which held my attention till the end. A rare game I finish these days."
76561198186723309,Recommended,282140,19124120,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,slushiprince,Im a changed person
,Recommended,282140,19127789,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,DEMI-O,"More adventure than horror, but a great adventure game. Aside from some weird character models and iffy voice acting at times, the story is compelling and atmosphere rich."
,Recommended,282140,19127900,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Alpha_Fox,"This game was pretty great, some area's were spooky and others were scary and hard with tough monsters you had to naviagte around without dying since you couldn't kill them. The whole feel to the game was desolate and eerie but beautiful, it left me an unsettling feeling about my perception of reality, you had to make tough decisions that pushed you to think about what life was and if that reality or version of life was worth living concerning others and yourself. If you want a game that makes you think and feel things, this is it."
,Recommended,282140,19168090,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,nex¡ON!,The first and last horror game I'll ever play. Every second of the game is bad for my heart.
76561197970106219,Recommended,282140,19165504,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Left4Swag,"Best game by Frictional Games yet.You are Simon Jarrett, an ordinary guy stuck in a sci-fi dystopia. Saying more is spoiler territory, and spoilers will hurt the this game more than most, it is a really a story driven game. (Although if you read this review you will probably have seen all trailers and read countless reviews.)This is not Amnesia the Dark Descent. The horror is less about being afraid of monsters ripping your face off than it is about being in a very disturbing place and situation that makes you think.The graphics are mostly good, not perfect but sufficient for what they try to do.The sound design is near perfect. I have probably never played a game with a sound design as good as this one. Everything from the protagonists breathing, footsteps, to shrieking enemies, to the sound of dripping water to the humming sounds of ventilation is suberb. It is worth playing this game just for the sound. Use headphones.Gameplaywise the game can be seen as lacking maybe if you play this game like it were a game to be optimized. If you play it like a game to immerse yourself in it would be near flawless.The puzzles could be seen a too simplistic perhaps. I felt that they were tasks that felt realistic given the situation such as activating backup energy to open a door. No moving statues and finding rubys like in resident evils police-station, no arbitrary pulling levers in the right order and no combine items in the inventory stuff.The inventory management is reduced to a reminder-list of what you carry. There is not sanity meter or resources manage. The health does not regenerate and can be refilled at different stations.If you study the enemies for too long you will learn their behavior and much tension is lost and you might find them too easy to avoid. On my first playthrough I played the game as if the enemies were really dangerous and it kept the immersion for me.If you in any way like horror games. Play this game. You should give it a try if you like adventure games as well."
,Recommended,282140,19168396,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Belucci,"I really enjoyed SOMA, this is my kind of game, puzzles to solve, monsters to evade, story to unveil, facilities and ocean floor to explore, etc.SOMA looks and sounds great, I actually upgraded my Copernicus-11 PC to run this game to its maximum graphic settings.I've been a fan of Frictional games since ""Amnesia the Dark Descent"" and they have surpassed their previous work with this Jewel.I also loved the Price! pure quality entertaintment for $30.00 sounds excellent to me; so go for it!It was worth the wait."
76561198005624098,Recommended,282140,19204795,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Focusfl0w~,One of the most enjoyable game so far. Theres no point in this game where you want to stop playing it.
,Recommended,282140,19205913,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,accident,"Very much worth the asking price. It's not a particularly long game - I finished it in 13 hours - but the pacing of the story is superb within that time frame. Every room is packed with character, and while that character may often be sinister and disturbing, it's always worth exploring.The story is classic sci-fi at its best. SOMA explores (and exploits, in the best possible way) our natural fears of transhumanism: the loss of our identities through digital copying, the innate body horror of waking up as something ""other"", the possibility of constant suffering without the hope of release. Through a small number of very poignant choices, the player is forced to question where one draws the line when defining what is human, and ultimately, the value of humanity itself.Compared to previous Frictional games, the horror is toned down this time around, although there are still quite a few moments that will have your heart pumping. Nevertheless, I found myself feeling strangely sympathetic towards most of the things trying to kill me, which is a testament to the craftsmanship that went into the story. And when I compliment the story, I'm not just talking about the plot - I'm also referring to how it's presented, the way that it's laced with subtle details.All things considered, SOMA's my favourite Frictional game so far. I highly recommend it to sci-fi and horror buffs alike, or just anyone who enjoys a tight, well-written story. Come for the scares, stay for the feels."
76561198046372596,Recommended,282140,19352585,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SuperDuper,First time I have ever wrote a review.. 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again
76561198011885167,Recommended,282140,19354971,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ri'Nikii,"A gorgeous, narrative driven philosophical survival/horror/puzzler."
76561198257138424,Recommended,282140,19350049,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,pablo.caviglia,"excellent game, very good story and gfx"
,Recommended,282140,25839769,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Googler,"Holy smokes!!  This is by far a lot more terrifying than Amnesia: The Dark Descent, especially when you get about halfway through.  I cannot play this more than a chapter at a time(you know this cause you will unlock an achievment when you do complete a chapter).  Those other reviews that say the game gets repetitive clearly are not hooked with the story.  What makes this game so dark, mysterious, and eerie are the small tales of the lives of characters which sets the  environment of the game for the players.  I may just be speaking gibberish at this point but it is really freakin good!story 10/10audio 10/10visual 10/10scare factor ∞"
,Recommended,282140,25881256,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Salamando,"A fantastic horror/psycological/walking simulator game. SOMA has an engrossing story that keeps pushing you forward to its great conclusion and really has you thinking about the themes of self and salvation on offer.The game engine was obviously custom made for the game, and it shows. The filters and effects really stand out to create the right atmosphere for the game and its setting.A personal thing that I love are games where you can interact with consoles and computers like you actually exist in the game world. It is not an overlay that just appears out of nowhere in front of your vision - you have to click on parts of the monitors in order to activate functionality.Action junkies and shooter fans will find the gameplay shallow but the game is not meant for them anyway. A clever, thinking mans game well worth a go."
,Recommended,282140,25884797,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,YukimuraヾSam,"I usually don't play games like this, but Soma was worth it big time!Amazing story and atmosphere"
76561198038070108,Recommended,282140,25858388,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Mr Chair,"I have thalassophobia and this is god damn terrorfying. Such an under rated game that looks beautiful,sounds beatiful and is really atmospheric. The story is quite good too! :D .Can't finish it too scared9/10"
,Recommended,282140,25850421,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Kinobi,"Not your average horror game. Storytelling is at the core of SOMA. You have to figure out your way around, as you slowly understand what is going on in this bizarre, futuristic world. It reminded me a bit of Alien: Isolation, but vastly different at the same time. This game really makes you think, and it will stay with you after you are done playing it. Highly recommended!!"
76561198024914689,Recommended,282140,26190705,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,lukeef_,Top Game!
,Recommended,282140,26191261,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Thjodann,"A true journey to the very definition of what it means to be human. I have yet to encounter another game that lives up to the vast psychological depth of this one. Frictional Games, yet again, sets the bar for psychological horror. The recurring theme where the Protagonist, stripped of answers, must contend against his mind and his world in order to reach enlightenment. This game is certainly a horror game, but the most desturbing qualities don't come from a scary story, but from that which we live every day, and that is the most fundamental of existential questions: ""Do I exist?""."
76561198044492736,Recommended,282140,26192161,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,gregdobs,Very detailed world and story. In was a joy discovering all of the secrets this world had for me.
,Recommended,282140,26190172,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Hotcross,"So, I just finished the game, and it was brilliant! Easily, one of the best games I have ever played - out of any of the genres! If you love sci-fi horror with an amazing plot and atmosphere, then this is the game for you.I am honestly speechless with how great the game was."
,Recommended,282140,26189925,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,d0t,"Absolutely one of the best games I've ever played! Immersive story, awesome enviroment and overall a great game. The horror aspects are there, but they aren't overdone so don't let that scare you away! Most definitely worth the 30$ price tag, I would of paid 60$ for it."
76561197993759980,Recommended,282140,26194135,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Mr Ugly,"I enjoy Myst type games and hate horror ones. This is a scary as hell Myst type game and it's excellent. Puzzles not too difficult, path is normally well laid out. No pixel hunting to find relevant items. Highly recommend"
76561197960322390,Recommended,282140,26220768,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Sorrower,"Ponder on life while fisting things and avoiding dark creatures that hope to♥♥♥♥♥♥you.A treat for walking simulator fans, probably not that spectacular for otherwise oriented."
76561197983664122,Recommended,282140,26198425,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nadzia.Narnar,"I got this game because I wanted to play something spooky, and it kept me up a few nights dwelling on the intricate fragility of consciousness and humanity's many possible futures. And the sound design is phenomenal."
76561198241990910,Recommended,282140,26203240,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,NOMADX64,wau this game is amazing!
,Recommended,282140,26202650,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Happy Clouds,"Fantastic game. Philosophy, science fiction, and horror in a clean package. If you have played Amnesia, the gameplay will feel familiar with elements of Bioshock and maybe even Alien Isolation incorporated in. It relies on psychological scares more than jump scares, and effectively makes you ponder existentialism while trying to not♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants. Like Amnesia, this will be a classic among the horror genre, but without all the♥♥♥♥♥♥splitting pyramid torture."
76561198059856195,Recommended,282140,26208361,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,XsilentsnakeX,Very fun and good story line. Got to give this game a 7.5/10.
,Recommended,282140,25977637,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Goatmeal,"This is a masterpiece, and Frictional has outdone themselves. It plays like Amnsesia 1, but it's better in almost every way. Plot and characters are way stronger than Amnesia or MfP. The writing is clever and the pacing is consistent. Graphics (pretty well optimized), mechanics (controls very well on kb+m, haven't tested controller), and horror are top-notch. Biggest difference is that it's more sci-fi than magic. As for the horror, it does what Amnesia got right: the scariness/monsters are just enough to present a real gameplay challenge, but won't make you flat-out stuck. Very few jump scares if any. Most of the scariness comes from atmosphere and tension, which is handled very well.No complaints come to mind. If you liked Amnesia or Machine for Pigs, you'll definitely like this. Worth full price."
76561198176179623,Recommended,282140,20815540,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Newt,It was a pretty great game. It was more of a mental horror then a physical horror. The game had you make decisions that made me hesitate longer than i wanted to. It story and voice acting it pretty good too.I replayed Soma for the 50th time because i LOVE the game that much. Its graphics are really good and it runs smoothly on my Macbook. Runs even smoother on my PC.I really recommend this game for people who really think about the meaning of life and horror science mixed styles.Also the dialogue is hilarious.
76561197984987862,Recommended,282140,26140283,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Ix Vex Vile,Excellent game that will stick with me well after I finished playing it. Great if you like being pulled into an interactive story. Not so good if you're really into strategic game play - it's not that kind of game. I highly recommend it.
76561198072297451,Recommended,282140,26151445,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,GhostMcGee,"I came to this game because of Bioshock, and was pleasantly surprised at its differences in a similar underwater world.  This game scared the crap out of me, but I absolutely loved the story, atmosphere, and characters.  Definitely worth playing if you liked the underwater scientific themes of Bioshock with the spooky atmosphere of Amnesia."
,Recommended,282140,25880160,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Titanium White,"Amazing game, but went on sale for $18 less the day after I bought it. RIP"
76561197970329457,Recommended,282140,25877412,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Al Paradise,It's spooky and has a good story.
76561198023271266,Recommended,282140,25877622,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Valerion,"A truly enthralling experience spurred forward by an engaging story, a sense of mysteryand also explores some very interesting science-fiction tropes (for more on these, check out Greg Egan's Permutation City and Diaspora). Oh yes, this game has its scary moments too.I REALLY hope there will be a sequel one day."
,Recommended,282140,25878005,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Briskel,Truely astonishing.
,Recommended,282140,25871634,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Old Nuts Guy,Oh wow - mind blown ! 10/10
,Recommended,282140,25874707,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Tiger,The Abyss - the game.Just as good as the movie.
,Recommended,282140,25873256,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,kuxi,"As frightening as this game is at times, it's an absolute masterpiece that will stick with you for a long while.I've never been a fan of horror games, but SOMA had me totally immersed. The environment, the sound, the voice acting and even the way in which you interact with objects all tie together in SOMA's meticulously crafted universe."
,Recommended,282140,25873609,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,King,"Never been so mindf*cked. I haven't played the Amnesia series because I'm a scarred wuss, but this wasn't too bad on the scary factor. I am, however a fan of sci-fi apocalyptic settings and this is one of the few done underwater, only other game I can think of is Bioshock. The setting and atmosphere they set up makes you shiver in awe and isolates you to the point where you feel very lonely and claustrophobic.4.5/5 Story3.5/5 Gameplay3.5/5 Graphics5/5 Enjoyable3/5 Scare Factor"
,Recommended,282140,25878530,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,36 HURRICANES IN MY HEART,"I like games with good stories. I want to be immersed in the world of the game I'm playing. SOMA achieved that.Nearing the end, I noticed myself wishing creatures weren't in the game. Those creatures were making it hard for me to play because I get terrified. I bought Amnesia, another Frictional Games product, and I could hardly get anywhere before putting it down for good. I kept a spoiler-free walkthrough by my side to help me push through this game. I skipped nearly every optional thing because I was determined to complete it and knew I might get too scared and quit. So I pushed through. I ran and ran and ran. By the time it was over I changed my mind. The implementation of the creatures was not overbearing but just enough to keep the sense of  danger present in most areas. There are some ""safe"" areas to break it up and relax a bit. This is not a game comprised of cheap jump-scares.The sound composition was superb. The voice acting and ambient noise was great. The music suited the situation at all times.Whether I'm reading a book or watching films, I rarely like endings. They disappoint me and in some way sour the product. I was taken aback by SOMA's ending. Upon editing this review, I redacted my other comments regarding the ending. This game's ending warrants completion if purchased.After playing Outlast briefly, I told myself I wasn't going to buy more of these horror games. SOMA changed that. The next game Frictional Games releases will definitely be something I read into. SOMA is my personal Game of the Year.I don't think I'll be able to go back and look for all the optional things to learn more of the world, but I will remember my experience with this game fondly."
76561198124156283,Recommended,282140,25878824,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,ghostste@m217,"After seeing this game on sale I told almost all of my friends to buy it. The reason I have such a high playtime is because I am a mod creator. I have been through this game twice, and picked apart many levels to implement in some maps I have created. I know this game very well and it is because of how much I love it.Let me start with the horror part. If you want to buy something that will genuinely scare you then don't hesitate to add this to your library. There is very few jump scares, instead the developers focused on atmosphere and sound to put you on edge which is what I like to call 'high quality horror'. You will know what I mean when you play.The monsters are also quite scary. I have read other reviews, and I can somewhat agree that during some parts of the game they get in the way - but that doesn't mean you won't be sh*t scared while you wait. After hours of mod creation I have become desensitized to them; however they still manage to give me the creeps, especially when I accidentally put them on berserk mode during testing.Now let me start on the gem of this game. The story. Oh my. Bravo, encore encore. Probably the best story I have seen in a game. The story is so good that players complain that the monsters just keep them from finding out the next twist or reveal. I won't go into the story as you wouldn't want me spoiling any part of it; it's that good.This game also has replay value in terms of mods (or maps). If you haven't noticed I am a mod developer and the tools are quite easy to use. Most of the maps I have played are of high quality and they will entertain you for hours.There is so much more I could go on about, but to leave you enough time to actually play the game (unless of course you somehow still haven't bought it) I will end this with one bit of advice.Buy the game."
76561198043622188,Recommended,282140,25915741,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,thedragslay,"If you liked Bioshock, and you're also a fan of the Alien: Isolation's gameplay, you'll love this game.You''l connect withe the characters, be creeped out by the spooky atmosphere, SOMA is an example of excellent storytelling, letting the world speak for itself."
,Recommended,282140,25916266,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CaptainCookie,"In short : Absolutely incredible, breathtaking and immersive environment, enemies and storyline.First off, I am not a big fan of the horror genre because I am most often too scared and find it cheesy. This game caught my eye with the theme, being a set of underwater facilities taking place after the ""end of the world"". Already within the first hour of gameplay I was hooked into the storyline and environment because it is so perfectly crafted by Frictional Games. I kept finding myself coming back to this game regardless of how it left me shaking after encounters with specific enemies. The sounds, music, enemies, different environments and storylines mesh together so well and create a perfect experience unlike any other game has given me.I completely reccomend this game to anyone even those who aren't familiar with the horror genre. Even those who enjoy sci-fi themes (such as myself). This game also warmed me up to more of this genre, so now I have more courage to play scarier games in the future.In all, Soma is one of the best games I have had the opportunity of playing in a very long time."
76561198050263083,Recommended,282140,25916531,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,THE PWNER,"This is a great horror game that holds a intersting plot and horrorfying moments. In Soma you play as a character that has seemingly ended up in the deep depths of the ocean where all sorts of terrible creatures lurk in the shadows. You will find yourself travelling the ruins of underwaters sea bases while also travelling on foot at the bottom of the ocean, and while you explore there will be monsters ready to kill. Soma has some serious moments that end up making the player feel guilty and leave the given player with the painful memory of that same dreadful moment that just had to be done. These moments are then tied with some creepy monsters that will of course try to kill you and a bit of lore to discover what happened. As you progress, you will figure out more about yourself and how you ended up at the bottom of the ocean, yet as the game goes on the creepier it gets. The game is made by the creators of the Amnesia series so be warned that if you did not enjoy the Amnesia series than you may not enjoy this game for dealing with monsters are closely tied together, yet if you enjoyed the series and want more of the Amnesia scares than get this game. I reccomend the game to anyone who is okay with exploration while being hunted by monsters and to those that enjoyed the Amnesia series. I give Soma 9/10 Multitools"
,Recommended,282140,25918870,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DemonCleaner,"Engrossing story, stellar Atmosphere marred by clumsy stealth gameplay. I will serisouly consider replaying it with a monsters disabling Mod, to better soak in some of the sights and sounds I missed."
,Recommended,282140,25910041,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Yoofaloof,"Great game, but I wouldn't go so far as to say it's a masterpiece as others have stated.I used the 'wuss' mod as I found the monsters really annoying and they hindered progress.Nice graphics , great voice acting and sound, and ultimately a game from my library of 550 plus in which I have actually finished and received all achievements for.Go me."
,Recommended,282140,25912177,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MagicalMooney,"It was heavy on the narrative, which I love. It was terrifying at the right moments, beautiful in others, and all the while a thought-provoking study of the mind and the self."
76561198102145086,Recommended,282140,25913260,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Fallere Vinceret,"10/10 one of the best games ive played, the story was great and easy to follow, worth the buy!"
,Recommended,282140,26043613,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kingseeker Frampt,"It's been a long while since I've felt as alone and conflicted as I have with my Soma playthrough. Maybe I am too used to horror, but the game itself wasn't terrifying: it, however, did keep me on the edge of my seat and very happy with the multiple secrets and mini-game like puzzles. Soma, however, shines brilliant as a perfect example of just how artistic videogames can be: it arises questions all of us bury when we go to sleep. What does it truly mean to be human? What does it mean to live? What if we were to lose all we have and are? The characters exude and breath anguish, constantly trying to find something to truck on for. The ambience, story, sounds and characters make Soma a must have for anyone who enjoys putting oneself through extreme mental anguish. The choices I made weigh down upon me, the isolation and despair Simon felt felt like my own. I know that tomorrow, once the sun is out, i'll go outside and breathe in. Thanks for this amazing experience with gorgeous design, amazing sounds, complex storyline, hidden plots and poetic questions.9/10 gEDDIT NOW U FUG"
,Recommended,282140,26077978,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,f1r31c3r,This is a game i was not expecting to enjoy as much as i did. The story is brilliant and makes a great change from a first person shoot um-up.You have many different choices in the game and which have different outcomes so you can return and play it again making different choices and it plays different.Overall this is a very good game especially if you fancy a change from a shoot um-up.
,Recommended,282140,26076557,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Celestial Canoe,"One of the best horror games I've ever played, and even better, it's one of the best realistic future sci-fi games I've played. I'm always a sucker for stories that talk about where technology development may lead us, and this game's atmosphere, lore and story are gripping and though-provoking.nice"
76561198054900535,Recommended,282140,21199577,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Whoops,God i love this game.
,Recommended,282140,21272850,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,n3dst4,"This game is two things.First: this is a great atmospheric sci-fi exploration game. The themes of identity, humanity, and conscience may be well-trodden ground, but the treatment is interesting, and experiencing moments which question those themes in first-person is very compelling. For that alone, it's worth the door price.Second: this is a second-rate creepy scare-em-up, with over-use of dark environments, vision distortion, and jump scares. It feels like there were two design studios fighting over this game. One of them wanted to make a cool sci-fi game, the other kept cramming horror tropes into it. The story, the environment, the art design, all serve to create as much horror as you could want. Being forced into a very gamified cat-and-mouse game with a teleporting tentacled horror before seeing the lettering YOU HAVE DIED almost completely counteracts all the good work done by the rest of the experience.This weird juxtaposition of the wholesome and the corrupt actually fits will with the art design of much of the game.Unless you particularly like cheap horror tropes, I do recommend playing this game with the Mod ""Wuss Mode: monsters won't attack"" enabled:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=560988617. It leaves everything in the game in tact, but without having to periodically break out of the wonderful sci-fi story to play a video game for five minutes in order to continue."
76561198118725467,Recommended,282140,21327694,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Stdz_Sold_Here,"Such a fantastic game! Absolutely loved the entire story, worth every penny."
,Recommended,282140,21540279,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,VasG1,"The game started a little slow but picked up fairly well and kept a good pace from that point. I enjoyed being under water and the puzzles felt chanllenging enough to keep things interesting. The scary factors in the game were not overdone and genuinly had me feeling a little spoked, which is a good thing. Overall it felt semi free roaming but the progression was linear for sure. The game in general felt polished and the story had me completly emersed (pun indented). The core gameplay is on you making desicions and solving puzzles and a hint of stealth. There is no combat or collectables but tons of stuff to examine and mess around with. While I did enjoy it, felt I got my moneys worth (got it on sale) and would definetly consider any sequals, I dont see much of a replay value after you have finsihed it (8 out of 10)."
,Recommended,282140,21573437,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,HoaX,"fine piece of art , first , it seems that the story is a bit odd , but halfway through, you get a feel about whats going on but at the end, the story turns out to be just perfect .If you like science-fiction , dystopian novels just buy it. ( if you dont like the ""hide and seek"" parts you can install some community mods that make them easier )actually i believe that one day only the human soul will be placed into a machine , also its like the only chance i can imagine , getting life to other earthlike planets and then ""regrow"" humans out of bottlesThe hide and seek gameplay was built up better in Outlast but the story and the leveldesign( i didnt like some parts tho, like those boring fallout dungeon areas ://  ), mixed with crackling noises from pressure or disrupted radio signals are really immersive.Maybe your few little choices should have influenced the outcome of the story in some way but its actually ok as it is"
76561198075009997,Recommended,282140,21496481,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,yuskay14,"So I believe I'm about half-way through.  This game is great.  It's got a little of everything at the right amounts to make it shine awesomely in every way.  But I do feel this game is best if you just don't look at anything, buy it, and play it all the way through before you start lookin up ""let's plays"" or anything about it.This game has some scare, some thinkin, some puzzles, some coolness, some atmosphere.  It's got pretty much a bunch of things, melding it all together very veryyy well.  Honestly this game makes you feel all smart when you solve something or figure out the next thing you have to do. It also puts your morals to the test too.  This game tests your ""brain,"" it really does though if I'm being honest.  This game is one of the few recently made titles out there that actually deserve credit these days for throwing out something great with their own unique new ideas.  Give this a go, even if ur not a fan of Frictional Games, it's just a really great experience with pretty much the whole package. :)My rating:Pretty Freaking Good 1 Player Experience. Worth the money for a good story and pretty good moral experience."
76561198068260870,Recommended,282140,21523795,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ShoeboxWarrior,"To start: This was the first horror game I made it through alone. I have a very low scare-tolerance and my imagination builds monsters out of the shadows of my apartment too easily.  Usually I have to play with someone else, or watch someone else play or I get too scared and cop out.The atmosphere in SOMA had me jumping out of my skin at the beginning before I knew what any of the ""characters"" were or did. It took me a good three tries to get myself to not jump at any corner, but the game was so beautiful and so intriguing I powered through until I was accustomed enough that I wasn't just playing bits at a time, I was doing hours-long hauls through the barnacle and gel-encrusted corridors, meticulously searching out story points with a rabid fascination.(How did I cure my fear? I ran head-first into the first monster that cornered me saying ""AHHH ♥♥♥♥ IT!"" Very therapeutic.)The Good:-The game is beautiful. I've heard people say the themes are repetitive and the corridors resemble each other-but it would have felt disjointed and confusing if they had not.-The deep ocean is scary and SOMA uses that, along with other aspects to create an incredible atmosphere.-It keeps you suspicious, but not too obviously so, of everything. And everyone. Even yourself.-Monsters change by region and you have to develop new tactics.-Save anytime mechanic.-They do not use cheap jump-scares.-The voice acting. Seriously, really all of the audio.-The story.-Exploring will give you more insight into the backstory, but crucial points will be given to you.-You can interact with nearly everything in the environment.-When you quit and come back in, the loading screen gives you a recap of what you were doing last. Really cool little feature I'd never known I'd wanted.-Choices. Oh god...the choices.-The game makes you watch yourself change your mind.-The ending.The Not-As-Good-Loading time.-The damage mechanic.When damaged you become slower and your vision blurs. I was mostly annoyed with the vision because there were large chunks of the game I wanted to see fully rendered but never did because I'm a bad gamer and there was a large gap between heals. I'd usually just kill myself and start again. Regaining vision slowly over time would have worked better, I think. I didn't mind limping-I deserved it for letting the monster catch me. :p"
,Recommended,282140,21526929,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Henri_Feuillade,"First of all, suggested by Steam system requirements has fleur of technoheresy. However, on mid-high setting it starts on Pentium G645 dual-core processor with 6 GB RAM and GeForce GT740 videocard.Now some words about game. Atmosphere of this one let me thinking about A. Tarkovsky's cinematographic language (most of all, his Mirror, Stalker and Solaris films) and S. Lem's books like Project: Fiasco and also Solaris. A deep personal psychological conflict theme developers shown very accuracy and detailed. There is no god, there is no evil. Just only transcendental trying to zendegi chist understanding (persian sentention means, ""what is life"" and ""what is to live"").Господа русскоязычные, мне за вас всех стыдно. Можно обходиться без графоманского бреда, эти все ваши ""Я, я, я...""?.. Так и хочется сказать в рифму: Головка от патефона ""Заря""."
,Recommended,282140,21522191,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Xzenor,It's an awesome mix of horror and adventure with a twisted and awesome story. I had a lot of fun playing this game and I love how the story unfolded itself and kept me interested from start to end.Anything more would be a spoiler. ;)
,Recommended,282140,21537800,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Medenutcracka,"Existential Horror, possibly at it's finest. Soma asks the big questions and will stick with you long after finishing."
76561198121369095,Recommended,282140,21545263,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,WorrellPool,Had a lot of fun playing it. It is a simple game to enjoy when by yourself or when talking online with friends on skype. I am considering this to also be one of the first games you should buy if you get the Steam Machine consol. Works greak
76561198027187278,Recommended,282140,21558217,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Klrum,One of the best stories and gameplay I have ever experienced.
,Recommended,282140,21475533,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Greven,"Pros:+Eerie atmosphere+Enjoyable storyline+Polished graphics+Easy achievementsCons:-Some glitches-Some monsters barely hear when you throw♥♥♥♥♥♥around to distract them, but have razor-sharp hearing when you sneak-A bit confusing story line-Easy achievements"
76561198219628001,Recommended,282140,21438291,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Gilbert Salonestone,mind ♥♥♥♥ of a game 10/10!
76561198005262921,Recommended,282140,21443878,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,lol4ever,"This game is amazing, definitely worths playing. The idea behind it is gorgeous."
76561198009075333,Recommended,282140,21446370,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mister Edgar Friendly,"So many things to say about this game...when I bought this game i wasn't expecting much, but boy was I wrong.The ammount of details and the story trully epic to say the least.A lot of love, dedication and soul was put into this masterpiece.To the guys at Frictional Games, I salute you all and I f'ing love each and every one of you for making a game that got me hooked from start to finnish."
,Recommended,282140,21449842,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"Frictional Games have struck gold again with their latest offering of horror: a reverently beautiful amalgamation of Amnesia, Bioshock and Doom 3, perfected with a thought-provoking story, interesting characters, satisfying ending and a desolate setting, dripping with tension, terror and detail. The monsters don't command the same presence as their Amnesia brethren did, and some of the character models are a little wooden, but this hardly detracts from the brilliance of SOMA.Frictional Games solidify their position as behemoths of the genre.9/10"
76561197993270833,Recommended,282140,18810982,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Max80-7,"""...but, they're not us.""Rating: 8 out of 10, clunky gameplay, shotty dialogue, and generic horror mechanics hold this game back from being a true masterpiece. But the story ALONE pushes it above and beyond, allowing me to safely say this is one of my favorite games of 2015."
76561198093091229,Recommended,282140,27761048,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Noerki,"Simply the best story-based game I have played so far. The developers took the perfect atmosphere of ""Amnesia"", transferred it into the future and added an incredible plot about the limitations of human nature. If you like to THINK about what you see and hear in a game, there is no way to get around SOMA."
76561198018670769,Recommended,282140,27605631,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sir Arol,"This games story was surprisingly deep, like I still find myself going over it all in my head. it's totally worth whatever price they're asking for."
,Recommended,282140,22175084,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Braxen,"Might be one of the best game stories I've ever experienced. Definitely on par with mind-blowing games like BioShock Infinity, story-wise. I know from reading comments on let's play's on Youtube that there were a lot of mixed reactions from the ending but I thought it was brilliant."
76561198009391554,Recommended,282140,27745130,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blindly,"I've gotten a lot of hits recently. SOMA blew my mind. It is so good. I actually have the urge to play it again. No game has ever made me think so much about being human. It raises intriguing philosophical questions throughout its story of the mind, humanity, and artificial intelligence. Perhaps my favorite was a religious question. If I could copy my mind, and there existed two (or more) of me, then what happens when any of me ceases to function? If there is a heaven, is there only one spot for me? Or at the moment of awareness, do the copies of me sufficiently diverge to be different people, each with his place? Is living in a simulated environment better or worse or more or less real than eking out an existence with a physical body? A small snippet of why I loved this game and will be thinking about it for a long time to come...Much of this game is unnerving or disconcerting. The first other character you come across seems to be a machine who thinks he is human. It's unclear at the time exactly what is going on, but you're given the choice to ""kill"" it or let it ""live."" It is, by the way, grievously injured and seems to have been crushed by a rock and some other machinery. But it's mentally all there. You can make this choice for several other characters over the course of the game, and make a similar choice in different contexts that feel momentous and weighty indeed. They don't have an effect on the game's outcome or anything, but they sure had an effect on me.This is the best Frictional game, hands down, and I liked both Amnesia and A Machine for Pigs. SOMA is on another level. Oh, and those creatures scared the hell out of me. AT LEAST 10 times, maybe 15 or 20, I was so anxious that I couldn't even move. I'd just crouch in a corner listening to the creature stalking the nearby rooms hoping that it wouldn't come near me and see me. When I had to run past a creature to get this or that item, the player me would close my eyes and hold forward and shift to sprint because it freaked me out so much knowing that this THING was right behind me about to kill me. And a handful of times I yelled in the apartment as I did so, usually a repetitive string of curse words as I ran for a door and *click click click click* tried to close it behind me before the thing could get to me. The visual and sound effects and the screen tearing really amped up the intensity.Cannot say enough about this. If you like horror games, if you are in any way interested in thinking about artificial intelligence, philosophizing about humanity, science fiction, and so on, do yourself a favor and pick this up."
,Recommended,282140,27745252,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bastulos,"SOMA is by the same people who made Amnesia...and it shows. This game has tons of moments where it's scary as all hell, but just as many where you're solving some puzzle or piecing through some exposition. The world this game takes place in is truly well done, with lots of notes and audio logs to fill in the gaps on how things got to the way they are. In addition, it deals with existential themes that really make you think a bit.This isn't the scariest horror game I've ever played, but it definitely is my favorite. The story, the voice acting, the environment. It's all top notch and really shows how much Frictonal has learned over the years."
76561198013593530,Recommended,282140,27745815,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dudits00,"Really good game, it has thrills, makes you jump, makes you think. Can play through it twice and your choices still fall heavy on your shoulders when you have to think about it. I would recommend you just play  through it 10/10"
76561198097671975,Recommended,282140,27757739,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,I Feel Like Pablo,"lets just say.... WAU dude... what a game. story telling is great and really interesting. Vocie acting is better than most AAA games. Just phenomonal, Pick it up."
,Recommended,282140,27757834,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Law,This game triggerd my interest in horror games
,Recommended,282140,27758694,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Quillz,"Lots of very high points in the story. A very deep philosophical sci-fi adventure through futurstic rapture. I'm not sure why the decided to make this a horror game, the monster plot line feels tacked on. Overall, if you're intrested in an atomsphic thoughtful story; this will be worth your time! 8/10"
,Recommended,282140,27613354,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pooplord,"An amazing game that scares you, but is still intriguing enough to keep you going. Awesome technology to interact with and an amazing story."
76561198031844520,Recommended,282140,18347506,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Disease,What is consciousness!?I can´t stress enough how good the story in Soma is. It`s so enthralling that it easy override everything else I ever played. I won´t spoil the ending but it will leave you with a lump in your throat. This game is a must own.
,Recommended,282140,27726539,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Clemroc,"Beautiful graphics and oppresive atmosphere allows the game to create a sense of unease in the player without having to resort to jumpscares.Despite lack of interaction with NPCs, there is a deep story that unfolds as you play, without the need to read every single log/archive you find.Despite its looks, the game has a lot of sci-fi elements, mainly regarding computers/databases/human mind, as well as the aspect of life, death, extinction - and what happens after all of that. In a way, this game reminded me of Aasimov's books (iRobot, to name a few).Definitely recommend this game for a nice ride with beautiful graphics and exploration, driven by a compelling story."
76561198030262018,Recommended,282140,27727949,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mojave_wastelander,A dark and philosophical game about humanity future.
,Recommended,282140,24092620,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,thatjeremyguy,It made me sure as hell I'm never getting my brain imaged
,Recommended,282140,25580883,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DJ Ronald,"I love this game...'s story. (Scroll down for TL:DR)Pros: This game's story is absolutely breathtaking. From the amount of detail in most characters to how certain areas are framed to emphasize the story even if just through mechanics. The visuals are very well done, and the world itself is nearly fully explorable with little in the way of invisible/illogical barriers.It's a great piece on what makes us human with a world that presents a challenge to our initial bias.Cons: Though the visuals are GOOD, they aren't optimized very well. Occasional FPS drops here and there. The gameplay itself...is honestly lacking. There were no enemies in the game that truly frightened me. Some I laughed at because of how easy they were to walk around, while others annoyed me with how cheap they felt.On the subject of non-frightening things...this game is NOT scary. The only reason I bring that up, is because it was MARKETED as a horror game; and it isn't. It REALLY isn't. There are cheap jumpscares, and sometimes good semi-creepy atmosphere, but nowhere in the game was I actually scared (even while using the mindset of WANTING to be scared).Also, while I LOVED the story, I felt the ending was just kinda tacked on there to prevent us leaving the game feeling depressed. The ending as it fades, to me, is perfectly done. It leaves the player,much like the main character, to reflect on what it all means, and what they have done.All in all, the TL:DR version is this:SOMA is a great story-driven psychological ""thriller"" with twists and turns, but if you're looking for a great horror GAME, play something else"
,Recommended,282140,18230472,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Gvaldezito,Best storytelling and atmosphere game!
,Recommended,282140,27735486,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ionizedgrunt,"This game is amazing. 'nuff said.Just kidding, the story is amazing. Gameplay is nice, and the graphics are awesome. Has good scares in it, but not enough to scare you away."
76561198056949337,Recommended,282140,27741027,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Holymayo,You know the feeling when you don't want the game to end
76561197970396484,Recommended,282140,27564123,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,maggrand,A game with a great mind blowing storyline. The graphics and sounds are great. Do yourself a favour and get this game now.
76561197981714197,Recommended,282140,27576094,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,torndrk,Wow! what an experience. Had me thinking days after I completed the game. Great game if you're looking for something more thought provoking. Its not that scary as people make it out to be
,Recommended,282140,27913150,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fox,I cried. Alot. 10/10 would question own existence again.
,Recommended,282140,27919228,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ŝanĝanta the Magus,"This game is the True embodiment of psychological horror. Some may find it lacking in gameplay, but the way i see it. This is a completely story driven game, and hooo boy oh boy, what a damned fine story it is. To compliment such a resplendent and vivid narrative, you also have a suburbly detailed underwater environment, crafted with meticulous effort. And the sound design, sweet lord, the sound design of this game is phenomenal. Truly the biggest asset to a harrowing horror atmosphere.If you want to be thrust headfirst into a philosophical odyssey brimming with depth and melancholy then look no further, SOMA will have your heart, mind and your very soul gripped with contemplative substance long after you finish it"
76561198260501425,Recommended,282140,27919594,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Man; The Piss; The Legend,awesome
,Recommended,282140,27916168,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Futhark,Lets copy our minds to another body... and another one... and another one... and another one...
76561197972256316,Recommended,282140,27770321,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Dr. Rocket Surgeon,"The perfect game for those that enjoy pondering the nature of existence while being chased by horrid, barnacle-encrusted abominations."
76561198154712653,Recommended,282140,27820075,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Richard,"This is a beautiful game with great atmosphere, story and gameplay.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,25810465,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SHREK,one of the best endings i've ever seen. so simple yet so strong.. makes you really think.
76561197968344729,Recommended,282140,27771722,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ThisIsCrispy,"All I can say is wow... incredible exploration of philosophical ideas through a great, atmospheric game."
,Recommended,282140,25307402,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TomPlusGames,Easily the best game that Frictional has released. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,282140,30861251,Posted: 31 March,all,Xyloritus,Amazing game. Must have.
76561198070467560,Recommended,282140,25313716,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kailev_Tel,"Tense, kinda short, not terribly difficult, with a surprisingly original and interesting story. I'd highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys horror games. Definitely one of my favourites of the genre."
,Recommended,282140,25291084,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DOOMCHICKEN,"Got the game expecting a jumpscarefest, and was instead pleasantly mortified by the plot twists and moral dilemmas presented to you as you traverse each sector in Pathos-II.There are monsters and occasional heart-in-mouth moments, as expected from the people who made Amnesia. However, the way it challenges and explores your understanding of what humanity means takes the bulk of the experience. I'd say you miss out on a huge chunk of the game if you skip NPC dialogues, collectibles, and generally trying to piece together the backstory of Pathos-II and its inhabitants.Wouldn't recommend it to people who like bulldozing through games (gameplay is otherwise dull without the atmospheric tension, and monster encounters are isolated to specific game segments) , and highly recommended if you're that kind of person who reads every. single. plaque. in museums."
,Recommended,282140,25278557,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,JesterXL,"Really loved this game. Makes you think. Uber sad, gut wrenching ending. Recommend you only play at night in the dark. Good save points, you don't have to explore every nook & cranny if you don't want to, various flavors of horror (brooding, impending big thing you can't stop, unknown wtf's, jump scares, etc). If you like story driven, hide and seek, exploration games in the first person like Amnesia or Thief, it's worth your money."
,Recommended,282140,20267948,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Oblivion2500,Great survival horror game with a rich story filled with scary monsters and creepy environment to explore. A must have for horror fans!
76561198128524592,Recommended,282140,25293828,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,GeeseMcFleece,spooky
76561197997489148,Recommended,282140,25251864,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,zemus,From the bottom of my heart thank you Frictional Games.
,Recommended,282140,25229893,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,*****,the most incredible game I have ever played
,Recommended,282140,30815318,Posted: 29 March,all,spaneika,"What a fantastic piece of storytelling.  You'll sit in silence and solemnly think about what you just experienced, long after the credits roll.  5/5 simons."
,Recommended,282140,27399604,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bad_mojo666,"This game invokes that feeling of dread in the pit of your stomach that slowly creeps through your body until you're completely overwhelmed by it... and then it's over. The game is finished, but that feeling never goes away. It's always in the back of your mind and you wonder if you are ever going to be the same person you were before you started this game. That this hollow feeling inside of you will disappear and you can actually enjoy your life again. For a while, you will forgot. You will move on to other, happier games and smile. But whenever you think of this game, that feeling will come back. You will remember. And you will be alone."
76561198043628111,Recommended,282140,27459597,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jamesthebrit,"Hands down one of the best games I've ever played. The strong point of this game is the plot premise which is paced perfectly. Each act gives you enough information where you can make a pretty good conjecture at what is coming next but it's not blatant. The enviroment was seeming cliche at first, until is made perfect sense within the storyline.The puzzles are probably the hardest out of any Frictional game I've played but I could still solve them and I suck at puzzle games so expect to be able to make your way through without the help of the internet (and since this game is all about that atmosphere, you don't want to end up checking your email in the middle of it). I thought the enemies were tough some times, being similar to Dark Descent.Ultimately this game makes you feel something. It puts you in some places where you have to make some very tough choices. It was about every 30 mins I found myself like ""Wtf? This is CRAZY!"" and that's hard to say nowadays with all the games out there.The one downfall of this game is the voice acting which is solidly subpar. The actors were certainly all capable but the inflections at times didn't make sense.Playtime is about 7-8 hours which I would quantify in beer money. I spend $5/hr at the pub and have a great time. I paid $12 for this game that lasted 8.1 hours and had a great time so for me, it's a no brainer.Absolutely play this game."
,Recommended,282140,18946549,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Leom Smurth,"One of the smartest games I've played in ages. I love you, Frictional!"
,Recommended,282140,18824580,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Crazy Red Dusty,I really enjoyed this game and its storys. the story was really makes you think about life
76561198035551848,Recommended,282140,30623778,Posted: 19 March,all,billy,"This game is, in a word, sublime.  It's now many months since I finished Soma but while browsing through my library I noticed it and realised just how much the story, events, and world stuck with me ever since.Soma does something that I believe, almost no other medium apart from games can achieve;  it puts you into a world and a time where the actions you take illuminate complex ideas to such an extent that they become vividly real to you.  We're not talking major player choices that will affect the plot or change the outcome.  I'm talking about the kind of moments where you think about something happening on screen, ponder on it for a while, take a specific action and then almost gasp for your breath as the next few moments unfold and you realise just how deeply into you very thoughts, this game has reached.If you like atmospheric games and can appreciate some really heavy existential themes, this is one for you.  Soma is a unique experience."
,Recommended,282140,18941481,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,SubliminalGenius,"Very good enjoyable game, if you love ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself play it!"
76561198122904177,Recommended,282140,19270528,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,GhnubST,"This one game to keep you at the edge of your seat, turn the lights off and turn up the surround, just love it."
,Recommended,282140,19321999,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kurkku,"SOMA is an atmospheric exploration game with strong horror elements, developed by the masters of modern horror, Frictional. With a touch less horror but a bucketful more of story and immersion than Amnesia, this game is definitely a worthy successor to the ""scariest game of all time"". In fact, it's almost certainly better.Let's get the negatives out of the way first. The common complaint here is that it's not scary enough. I disagree. It's not that scary, sure, but that does not negatively impact the game at all. The problem is that there isn't that much depth in the side of game mechanics. For the most part, you'll be walking around, reading notes and solving puzzles. The puzzles here aren't really on par with Penumbra for example, most of them are quite simple, and for that reason a lot of people might end up calling it a ""walking simulator"". Encounters with the various enemies in the game are often not that tense, and easily resolved. So, if the game consists easy puzzles, walking and simple enemies, what exactly does the game have to offer?A lot.This game sucks you in like a black hole. The writing, both the notes and the dialogue, are top notch, and the voice actors are among the best I've heard. The graphics are not perfect, I give you that, but it's still a stunning game. They've really poured their hearts into the environments, and it's all neatly topped off with great sound design. All of that is wrapped around a beautiful story about ordinary, relatable people who are trying to achieve something unbelieveable, while constantly battling with the most terrifying of all questions: do I even exist?SOMA is not a game for people looking for complex game mechanics, terrifying horror gameplay or difficult puzzles. However, it is a game for anyone out there who is looking for a story and an experience that will stay with them for a long time after they've finished. 9/10"
76561198075974188,Recommended,282140,19335459,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,dff132,The game is good the story is good the graphics are good it just a very good game
,Recommended,282140,19351415,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tom,"One of the best games I've played in my 28 years or so of gaming. It is a game you must play.The story, visual design, and audio make for an amazing atmosphere. I genuinely felt happy, sad, scared, excited, amazed throughout the play through.If I had to nitpick I don't like games where you can only hide from enemies, but it's not over done here so it works pretty well (and you can even install the wuss mod if you really can't handle it). It does it in a reasonably fair way, but I did get frustrated a couple of times when I had to repeat a few sections.If I could have bashed the enemies with a wrench or pnumatic drill then it would have been a 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,282140,19348727,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,JonJororo,This was an amazing experience to be had.Plenty of great scares and a gripping story.You'll spend most of your time when you're not playing the gamethinking about how much you want to finish the gameand complete the story.
,Recommended,282140,24276086,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MisterBung,"An hour and a half in to playing I listened to an audio log about lights flickering like crazy, and the power regulator being broken.Then the power went out in my house.It came back on after a short wait and it was then I decided that was enough SOMA for one evening and went to bed."
,Recommended,282140,24269602,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Darth Vaber,Nice Story bruh!Players who liked the Amnesia-Series will love SOMA.
,Recommended,282140,24515109,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,lalsys,"- This game gives you a whole new perspective of what it means to be human.- There are few games that equal this one in terms of Story, Chemistry between characters, and Atmosphere.- A hidden gem that deserves far more recognition and praise than it has.- This masterpiece is a testament to the fact that video games can be art."
,Recommended,282140,24517024,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Digits,"I want more!Awsome game, definetly recommending it to everyone."
,Recommended,282140,24519344,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,NomNomDinosaur,"An excellent, polished game. The moments when you're being stalked are definitely tense but never feel impossible and the story is very interesting and incredibly well delivered through the great voice acting and visual cues. Loved it, I cannot recommend it enough if you're confident enough to play a tense atmospheric game with a well fleshed out story."
,Recommended,282140,23381669,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,» NoobNoob «,Good gameplay 👌Scary asf👍The colors are amazing and pretty👌Choices can be made which is a little similar to BTS [Beyond Two Souls] WHICH IS GOOD.👍SOMA is just good in general other then the jumpscares I'm okay.🐕
76561198166465396,Recommended,282140,19895413,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cockney Thug,"Pretty... and pretty amazing! Reminds me of a mix between Dead Space and Alien: Isolation. Awesome graphical detail + awesome sound usage = amazingly atmospheric gameplay. Easily one of the most intense and scary experiences I've had playing a game... and I loved every minute of it!If you love to play games that make you problem solve and at the same time make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants, BUY THIS GAME. You won’t be disappointed."
76561198111281989,Recommended,282140,23489008,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,'Broken' Dark,"This game is more of a story driven expierence than a Horror game. But the story is amazing, and this is a game that needs to be seen. I love this game so much, its beautiful in story and in graphics."
,Recommended,282140,23491270,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,The_Jag,"Amazing game! They enhanced the experience from the Penumbra and Amnesia games! Brilliant storyline, good pace, nice environments, superb mood! I loved this game! A joy to play and immerse yourself into its world!"
76561198070786136,Recommended,282140,23461383,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,LogRider,"Absolutely worth the money. The game was pretty short (It only took me 11 hours to beat and I was taking my time) but the story was incredible and thought provoking.As far as the game goes in the horror catagory, it had its scary moments, but the true horror came from the thoughts presented as the story progressed."
,Recommended,282140,23461375,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,zelklen,"I like horror games, so that was the 'hook' that got me into this game. As a horror game, the suspense is thicker than water. Quite a compliment for a game of the genra, but that isn't actually the best part about SOMA.SOMA is an incredible story about metaphysical existentialism."
,Recommended,282140,22521110,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Getcha' Pull,Another great survival horror. Lots of sci-fi. If you like the genre you have to play it. Very recomended.
76561198096111174,Recommended,282140,23108793,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Raposo Doutor,No words can describe the rage and fear that you and your character feel on your last seconds.A unique experience.Buy it.10/10
,Recommended,282140,23110249,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ChoWZa,"If I had reviewed this game in the middle of Theta, I would have given it a negative review. My advice then would be to remember to force save often (Save and Exit, then Continue) and just get through it, the game returns to being good afterwards, and the ending is worth it."
76561197996248222,Recommended,282140,23405207,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,thefrogwhisperer,My brain feels like it got hit by a truck.10/10
,Recommended,282140,23132826,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,IBa4grama3,+story  mind blow+you can not fight back+game makes  me think about life and death+buy full price still worth  it+after beat game main menu change+monster kind look like silent hill+can not wait next game be release by this dev
76561197969839107,Recommended,282140,20192878,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kafka,Fantastic!
76561198219210229,Recommended,282140,23153684,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,neurosilver,It changes my life.
,Recommended,282140,23143335,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,페이지 (Paige),"This was my second time playing through SOMA in its entirety. I didn't think it was possible, but SOMA was even better the second time around.The graphics are amazing, and the intricacies really immerse you in the environment.The storyline is almost believeale, and really makes you think  - and might even make you a little paranoid.My only criticism is the voiceacting. Some characters were believeable. Simon and Catherine however tend to lack real emotion at its most vital moments. Other than that, A+++++++++++."
,Recommended,282140,23145875,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Makifun,Nice
,Recommended,282140,26968640,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZuluPilot,"I gotta be honest here: I played SOMA with the wuss mod installed.I tried to play it with the monsters but the game was more annoying than scary, more work than compelling. Thankfully the rest of the game is an absolute triumph. The story plays out like one of the better Black Mirror episodes, a philosophical tale of what it means to be human with new technological advances around every corner and it tells it with great finesse. Even when the twists are predictable, it feels like the game expected you to figure them out before the protagonist does and presents them in a beautiful way.With the mod installed and with time to fully explore and appreciate the place we're thrown in the game plays like the most atmospheric walking sim made so far, so if you enjoyed games like Gone Home and Firewatch do consider playing it with the mod yourself (if you actually do enjoy the monsters though, more power to you).All in all, a deeply flawed game that is probably better with a fanmade mod installed, but with a story so compelling and brilliantly told that no matter what the flaws I still would've recommended it. Buy it!"
,Recommended,282140,26942794,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CainRoseUp,Fantastic story--incredible atmosphere!
,Recommended,282140,26949380,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,El Jenso,Great atmosperic horror game.Did also like the story alot.
76561198002550309,Recommended,282140,26956314,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alli893,One of those games that really makes you think. Loved it.
76561197997471713,Recommended,282140,26964010,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Buff DrinkLots,One of the best stories ever created. Makes you question everything about what it means to be you
76561198165207818,Recommended,282140,27014891,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ActionJacksun,"Soma is a perfect example of a hidden jem. Not only is it an excelent horror game, but it really does make think about some very interesting and deep questions. And the narrative through which these questions are asked is gripping from start to finish. My only real criticism would be that its not the scariest game ever, but luckily Soma is much deeper than just cheap  scares."
,Recommended,282140,26988153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,maus.0,"Fantastic game. Heard it was good but it surprised me in so many ways. I love the story and the world this game inhabits, it kept me engaged for its entirety. I'd recommend it to anyone, one of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,282140,26981871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RyoScar,"Wow....this game is amazing, always been a big fan of Frictionals work, but I think this game is their crown jewel. A story really well told, with a protagonist you really feel for as he experiences it.Won't spoil the plot because it has to be experienced first hand, and why the game might not be ""scary"" it certainly contains a horror atmosphere that keeps you on your toes.Recommending this game 100%"
,Recommended,282140,18254160,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ShadowBunny,"SOMA is a fantastic game in which it's creepy story unravels the further into the game you progress. The story is dark and some of the plot devices are twisted and pretty grim.The story makes sense and doesn't take too long to hit you with it's full force. The unsettling environment is portrayed beautifully with the help of some of the creatures you must avoid throughout the game. The characters in the game seem real enough to make playing as the character and interacting with other characters throughout the game as realistic as possible if. Lastly, the ending of the game ties the full story amazingly, it's as realistic and depressing as the situation would be, and it's amazing."
,Recommended,282140,21070171,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Octa,"(UPDATE: 24 hours played now, the graphical issues were fixed therefore making this game a solid 10 for me)I bought SOMA when I woke up this morning, I've logged 8.6 hours of play time since.Pros:-Atmospheric, really draws you in-Not about jump scares-Entertaining puzzles-Music is spot on-Hits you in the feels a few timesCons:-Random FPS drops (running on a computer that far exceeds the recommended hardware)-Had a major issue with screen tearing even with Vsync on (required tweaking in AMD Control Panel)-My girlfriend is mad because I spent all day playing the gameConclusion:10/10 Buy this game!"
76561198029183129,Recommended,282140,27010583,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kiln,Another fantastic horror game from a company that knows how to do horror games right! SOMA was an incredible game I'd recommend to any and everyone.My ONLY regret is that I can't forget it completely so I can get the same effect of playing it all over again for the first time.
,Recommended,282140,27005788,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Andrew,Pretty good game.
,Recommended,282140,26813907,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Viking,"Atmospheric to hell. But not hell and back again. Just into more hell. Deep, deep hell. The story pulls you along at a steady pace. If you're not running away from monsters, you're having an existential crisis. Highly recommended even though none of the 'choices' you make in the game actually affect the outcome. By the time the curtain falls you will be thinking about what has just happened though."
,Recommended,282140,18329554,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Cerilun,"This game was a positive surprise for me as I didn't really like Frictionals earlier games.SOMA isn't scary but it has a great athmosphere and unique feel to it, personally I wouldn't classify it as a horror game.Story is good and ending isn't bad either, also the fact that there are many monsters rather than just one makes it interesting. It's worth the money, depenging on your playstyle and on how much you want to keep reading texts found inside the game and looking around I would say it's somewhere between 6-10 hours (if you aren't speedrunning ofc). I used a good 10 hours on my first playthrough and enjoyed every moment of it!"
,Recommended,282140,26909895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,a Toaster,"I don't want to say much about this game because if I do, it would ruin some of the plot, which is incredible. The game is incredible too and the atmosphere is absolutely on point. The terror that the game provides steers away from jump-scares (though there are one or two in the game) and instead comes from mainly trying not to be caught by the monster chasing you and the even more terrifying existential dread that will haunt you well after you're done playing this game.Buy this, play it, and enjoy it!"
,Recommended,282140,26912386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,♛bidik18♛,"ITS THE MOST GREATEST HORROR GAME OUT THERE, YOU MUST HAVE TO HAVE A GO AT IT"
76561197964486358,Recommended,282140,26900320,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Finitely Failed,Awesome story and atmosphere. I have played all the penumbra and amnesia games and this is the best one yet.
,Recommended,282140,26900445,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jaconian,"Having played through the Penumbra and Amnesia series years before, I had a feeling that I knew what I was getting into before playing SOMA, and ultimately, what I got was a lot more like Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, and I loved it!  You could classify this as a walking simulator with the frequent need to run away from something that probably wants to either kill you or turn you into spare parts.  The story though, while confusing at first (about half of the game), is one that literally had me up at night after finishing the game, full of existential questions about life, the idea of consciousness and the human soul.  It really is a wonderful game that, in the end, took about 14 hours to complete and I have yet to delve into the communities level mods."
76561198068134485,Recommended,282140,26790993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,alexcanguru,"Amazing story, creepy atmosphere theat will give you the chills and the story will make you play the game until the end. The design and the aesthetics are awesome. 8/10"
,Recommended,282140,25955083,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,strimi,They should sell this as a bundle with underpants
76561198054817418,Recommended,282140,23934913,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Literally Polio,"This game does so many things so right that I can't even begin to say how much I adore it. Truly a masterful work, I don't know how I feel now that it's over. The world is so dark and beautiful and just incredible in the end. Definitely my favorite horror game of all time. Never have I felt so connected to a series of characters. The coices made in the game are incredibly difficult, even if they don't effect the outcome of the story, which is a strength of the storytelling in my opinion. I'm so glad I had the pleasure of playing this game."
76561198086254051,Recommended,282140,22711198,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Zianawelch,"Ever dozed off and asked yourself if 'this was real?' or ever question what the meaning of humanity and your consciousness is? Ever pondered about what really makes you you!? Or whether your just a sucker for amhersive horror games THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!!! I'VE NEVER GONE THROUGH SUCH A GOOD GAME IN MY LIFE!!I'm a thinker!! a big one!!! From what I could say was pretty concerned thoughts about what humanity will be like on the brink of it's survival THIS GAME REALLY NAILS IT! it's not your crappy AHH run game! It's your real THIS HAS MEANING GAME!!!Please play! Once you have discuss it with me! It's so good and everyone comes away with different views! WAU it's good!I've never cursed, cried and felt so much emptyness my life!! I question our existence more now then ever!"
76561198072370409,Recommended,282140,23807220,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KyleMikableh,"****, now I cannot tell if I am alive. 10/10 would question reality again."
,Recommended,282140,23968653,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sjoebidoea,"Was starting this game off by crapping my pants at every loud sound i heard, and there were many...But after a while the well written story really entertaint me and i found myself, whilst crapping my pants, to be really enjoying this game.I totally recommend this game, and if you like a good story and an atmosfeer like you are all by yourself and scared to all hell... then this is the game for youBtw: i really like how they made the underwater levels ATLEAST as much fun as the normal levels, you dont see that very often"
,Recommended,282140,23988736,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Leeson,"A fantastic, engaging experience all the way from beginning to end that asks some very deep questions of what it means to be human. Very thought provoking and immersive."
76561198123954524,Recommended,282140,23973683,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kilo,Just go ahead and buy this game if you are a fan of Amnesia (the originial that is).  The story is fantastic and the gameplay is just as good.  I picked it up on a sale because I was worried that I was going to have as much trouble with it as I did Amnesia but I kind of regret not paying full price because this game deserves your money.
,Recommended,282140,23803409,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kartoffeljoghurt,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ed up, it's great.The atmosphere makes you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants, thenice robot guysyou encounter are all very special, intelligent and of course friendly. The little parts of music in it always fit the situation and the story seems to be great, I haven't finished the game at this point but i'm looking forward to what's ahead. Also the compatibility with the steam workshop is great, cause there will be usermade storys which are then easy to install and instantly have fun with.10/10would sweat in anxiety while playing this in a dark roomEdit: Now that I've finished the game I can only praise it even more, the story is just incredibly deep"
76561198076661661,Recommended,282140,24079300,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mr.Max,"This game is good but not as scary as I thought it would be.                                                                                                           The game is like Amnesia in terms of the physics in the game, and the controllers.                                                                                  I give SOMA 8,7 stars out of 10.                                                                                                                                                                                     P.S. I have used Google translate so sorry for the grammar  :)"
,Recommended,282140,24080919,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SLIKILLER,"Game is absolutely terrifying, literally stoped playing it stressed me out so much."
,Recommended,282140,24085472,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lutikka,"Very atmospheric game with a superb plot.Now, if you could remove all the enemies from the game it would be even better :) Playing closet monster for 10 hours isn't really my idea of good enemy design.Still highly recommenced."
,Recommended,282140,24052176,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,WarriorPriest,So glad I was recommended this game.    amazing story progression and raises some interesting philosophical questions along the way.
76561197969738263,Recommended,282140,24033715,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Flagg,Just Bloody Brilliant. This game deserves to be bought.
76561198005565117,Recommended,282140,24044259,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rezner,"As with many games of this genre the graphics start off well and start slipping after 15 min of gameplay. An interesting philosophical storyline that could have been complimented better by a complete lack of explanation. The storyline really sells out after a couple of hours of gameplay. Otherwise an enjoyable experience if you ignore the almost countless continuity errors and general lack of understanding from the game developers regarding high pressure underwater environments. Considering how this is supposed to be a highly realistic walking simulator why are there solar panels on the outside lights in the Abyss? Why are there plastic containers at 4000m under the sea? Do power tools with extension cords really work at almost 400 times atmospheric pressure, if not what are they doing floating around in the abysal storage rooms?  Why when your suit is damaged why do you not die? the list goes on. In summary when I reached the end of the game my reaction was ""Thank god for that"". This is definitely a 1 play through experience."
76561198011062253,Recommended,282140,24049508,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kamasu89,Incredible mind bending game. Its one of those games that you keep thinking about long after you have finished it.
76561198313886822,Recommended,282140,24045937,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,spoons,"What a beauty of a game it's dark, twisted, scary and yet beautiful.At times makes you feel claustrophobic and a little afraid haha. I thoroughly enjoyed this game and would recommend it. A couple of annoying bits but they're not too bad.9/10 from me."
76561198038896742,Recommended,282140,24091039,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jaquavius,9/10-1 for minor lack of character development or background
76561198088039381,Recommended,282140,24091357,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Doughbellie,I didn't think I'd have so much fun w/o shooting/killing things left and right.Excellent game: rich visuals that provoke your  imagination. Get it.
76561197968400999,Recommended,282140,24070142,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AzilRaziel,"Interesting story, great level design, and some great horror added to it."
76561198182040802,Recommended,282140,24015423,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cryo,"I love story driven games and SOMA is jaw dropping in that sense.I love the fact that the obvious spoiler or twist if you will, that you probably can guess from the trailer they present to you quite soon and then let that idea to sink into you.If you play this game, you will find yourself thinking about it while you brush your teeth, while takeing a shower, while driving a bus to work, aaaand also at work when you should be doing something else. I'm really happy that i didn't tried a playtough marathon because it's story is like a good wine, you need to enjoy it glass by glass.You will get scared, quite a few times but the game relies more on atmosphere and unconfortable places then on jumpscares, and for that i praise the developers.After finishing it i have a bitter sweet sensation, like i'm glad its over (i managed to play trough another survival horror game) but unfortunately i will never feel again the same way about this game since i already withnessed its amazing story unravel.I not only recomend this game but i think everybody should play it (even if you have to sell all your cs-go skins to buy it).Technicalites, the graphics are awsome, sound spot on, never crashed on me, never blocked myself, puzzles are not easy but not so complicted that you have to search youtube for solution, dialogs are amazing.Overall for me it gave more than i expected from the game."
,Recommended,282140,23967038,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,smurphy,"Man this game is awesome. One of the best sci-fi games I've had the pleasure of experiencing. It's kind of like Amnesia with an even cooler setting, and better in every way. Not as out-and-out scary (not that that's a bad thing), but it definitely messed with my mind more.Nothing in the game breaks your immersion. There are no pop-ups telling you what to do, no glowing arrows pointing the way. If you find a scrawled code to access a terminal somewhere far away, you better make a note of it. The camera never moves away from your viewpoint, and there's no HUD.I wish Frictional and Creative Assembly could team up to combine the best parts of SOMA and Alien Isolation into the best game of all time.I almost feel like I stole this game getting it on sale. They deserve more of my money."
76561198100591370,Recommended,282140,21222969,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Jake From State Farm,Such an amazing thoughtful game. Well done Frictional!
76561198140877389,Recommended,282140,21228729,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Naicheer Valley Bar,"The game is beautiful. The indoor sections are creepy and keep you on alert, the ocean sections are alien in a way and have a great atmosphere. This game pulls off vibe, aestheics, and appearance very well. As for the horror, it is scary but after a while it just gives you a spook or a light discomfort as the monsters look very similar to on another and have near enough the same behaviour, but at different intensities. Pretty easy to figure out how to get around them.Makes me think all the way through at each converation what the difference between AI and human is, and what makes us, us. Loved in in that way, I'm a big fan of psychological games.It's also oveall great as a sci-fi. Highly recommend, but don't expect the level of scare as Amnesia.Hint: when finished, stay till the end of the credits"
,Recommended,282140,21239239,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,w00lzr`🦊,+
,Recommended,282140,21186299,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Piruntorjuntamakkara,"Thanks for the existential crisis, SOMA."
,Recommended,282140,21160910,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Hala,"I've just completed Soma and what an amazing game primarily for its story. It took me back to my uni days when I studied philosphical debates such as 'Can machines think?', and 'Can machines ever be human?', ""What does it mean to be human or just be"". I also really liked, and felt empathy for Simon, the main character. Not really empathy because I can never know what it's like to be Simon. I'll shut up now.My only slight grumble with the game was that the monsters can get a bit tedious at times. Sometimes the hide and seek nature of finding your way around gets a bit frustrating when you're spending some of it facing the wall in order to preserve your sanity.Unfortunatly I couldn't finish Amnesia because it scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Soma is less scary, still tense, but definitely worth a purchase.Oh, and I hope you don't have Soma dreams like I did."
,Recommended,282140,21175815,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ulaxes,"Amazing enviroments, tense atmosphere and a great story.Great game, definitly a step forward from Amnesia II."
76561198046702673,Recommended,282140,21210618,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,実存ｏｎｉ悪魔,Deep philosophy in the guise of a horror game. This game is incredible/Absolutely brilliant. Bravo
,Recommended,282140,21212229,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TheViltsuZ,I loved it
,Recommended,282140,20885922,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Jeffrey Dahmer,"Amazing game!Frictional Games did not fail to release yet another amazing game, filled with monsters and one hell of a story! It even allows for custom stories (like Amnesia: The Dark Descent) so the $30 cost goes a long way! This game even brings back the old feeling of being afraid, with a creepy atmosphere and the lovely scared feeling of being chased by something extremely dangerous and scary!Definitely worth your money!"
76561198129694266,Recommended,282140,20886312,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DaBorneLaser,"Really good sci fi adventure game. Great story and atmosphere. Its a fantastic game on its own merits but when its inevitability compared to amnesia its a bit of a dissapointment in scares. The horror elements and monsters felt irrevelent, annoying, and they felt shoe horned in. Overall I feel Frictional Games did a good job but I dont think they went in the direction fans wanted them to go in for this game. 8.5/10"
76561197970784662,Recommended,282140,20904095,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Liberator,"Soma remains one of the most thought provoking games I have ever played. The horror genre takes the passenger seat in this story as the game focuses on the question of whether or not a machine can gain true conscience. And if it is possible, what does that say about our own human experiences? As far as gameplay, the setting is beautiful and compelling with different and varying objectives. The enemies in a way are not very threatening, but do serve as a character of their own that plays into the overall theme of the game. This is a great game and a great experience worth enjoying for yourself."
76561198007196685,Recommended,282140,20899389,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Palkab,"Just finished the game. The set pieces, the story, the unsettling nature of it all, the questions it forces you to ask. This game is art in its purest form.The monsters weren't really scary but actually more annoying, and in that sense it is not comparable to Amnesia. Other than this I thoroughly enjoyed walking through all the so well designed environments, both outdoors and indoors."
76561198035712740,Recommended,282140,20907735,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ultra-Violence,"The Dark Descent will always stand as the best Frictional title hands down but I'd say this game warrants a number two spot. The fact this game makes the player think about what it is to be human, Puts the player in a situation where the human race is going extinct was one of the best parts. It makes you question humanity and yourself in general which is a very appealing idea. Living machines just adds more to that. Catherine and Simon are characters that are instantly likable. The horror and graphics are great as well. Definietly a damn good survival horror game."
76561198055506594,Recommended,282140,20881143,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hungry7,"Great graphics, music, story, atmosphere, voice acting, dialog, everything. Best experience ever for a single playthrough-type game.I listened to most of the story-building recordings and read a lot of the extra content throughout the game. About 10 hours of content for me.I hope to play this again in a few years when I have forgotten all of the puzzles, and get to experience it fresh a second time."
76561198026458201,Recommended,282140,20880613,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Namwons,The spirit of Penumbra is revived through SOMA. Thank you Frictional Games.
,Recommended,282140,20743377,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ɐ l ǝ ʌ,"I loved Amnesia, so I was hoping for the encounters with monsters to be somewhat similar, but it's not. It was personally super confusing for me to pick up on how to get around certain monsters, but I've overall reallyy enjoyed how immersive and awesome it's story is up to now."
,Recommended,282140,20541428,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gramamanamanees,"SOMA is a game that is well written and despite the few flaws was an experience I enjoyed immensely. Tl;dr at the end.Taking place mostly in an underwater facility of which you know nothing of its function, it eventually opens up to reveal a multi-layered story taking place over different time periods (some spanning weeks, some spanning decades). The plot holds together cohesively and seemingly without effort. In an environment as imaginative as a facility being taken over by (????) and with the mission to save (????) by (????) a (????) into (????), having a plot that is easy to follow is a testament to how inspired the concept was from the get go.The 'horror' aspects of the game are done moderately well, but if you have played a frictional game the concept is mostly the same. The most interesting aspect is that most of your adversaries have specific rules or 'sensitivities' either to sound, light levels, or even player line-of-sight. I wouldn't say the game is horrifying, however those with thalassophobia (like myself) will find some parts...uncomfortable.The game shines when taken as an adventure of discovery. You find bits and pieces of the past and future, allowing you to understand what happened to the world, as well as you. There are sequences of moral dilemma and some existential questions if this is something you are looking for. While the concepts are interesting, they aren't quite new. Despite this, the levels are creatively designed, the enemies are interesting, and the story keeps you engaged until the end.Tl;drSOMA is a well written, more-spooky-than-scary mystery that is lots of fun to unravel and may make you consider the benefits of AI and what makes you human. Worth full price, a steal on sale."
76561197982279268,Recommended,282140,20532107,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,theazninvasion68,TL;DR SOMA stands for Stressed Out Mind♥♥♥♥ Awesome.7.5/10 Worth your time and money if you're into this genre of games.
76561198026628178,Recommended,282140,20711135,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,beigebelv,"I can't possibly recommend this game enough. I wouldn't call it particularly scary (at least not yet) but it's beautiful and atmospheric and macabre and amazing. $30 seems like a lot but I don't give a $%*#.Buy it. Even if you never play it, whoever made it deserves our money so they can make more like this.EDIT: It's scary"
,Recommended,282140,20730674,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lunchbox,"A feeling reminiscent to the empty halls and isolation ofBioshock. With the claustrophobic air locks, maintenence shafts, science and tech ofDead SpacecomesSOMA. Born from your dreams and fears, a true science fiction horror. There is a lot of great inspiration put to good use. I think it's appropriate to say that while playing this game, I have no mouth, and I must scream..."
,Recommended,282140,24897434,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mr_mini500,great game has a great story and it makes for a good creepy feeling
76561198254676620,Recommended,282140,24897911,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SyluxHUN,"When I first saw the teasers for this game, I thought it's going to be a Bioshock ripoff. Thankfully, I was totally wrong.SOMA managed to far exceed my expectations and slowly became one of my favorite videogames of all time.Take note: This is NOT the kind of horror game that relies on cheap jumpscares to entertain the players. In this regard, SOMA is more like it's predecessor: Amnesia - The Dark Descent. There are only a few encounters with proxies (monsters) and honestly, the game would be nearly as perfect without them as it is with them. Does this mean the game is not scary? Not at all. But you have to look into the story to understand the true creepyness and the dark themes it explores.The main questions SOMA deals with are: What is it that makes us human?  Can we really draw a line between biological and digital forms of existence?MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD!You play as Simon Jarrett, a young man from Toronto, who suddenly finds himself in the abandoned underwater facility of PATHOS-II after having his brain scanned. A mysterious woman named Catherine gets in contact with him through a handheld device called the Omnitool and guides him around on the base.As he finds out later on, 116 years have passed since his scan and a meteor has obliterated all of Earth's surface.PATHOS-IIs ARK is the last pillar of humanity's existence, a satellite which contains the digitized consciousness of some residents. Unfortunately, the launch wasn't carried out, thanks to PATHOS' WArden Unit, an artificial intelligence that got out of control and took over the base. The WAU does everything in order to complete it's ultimate task: Preserving human life. However, it seems like the AI's definition of life is anything but ordinary.Simon decides to help Catherine in launching the ARK, but getting to the satellite is a tough journey, as the WAU's absurd creations roam around decaying facility.SPOILER ENDS HEREFrictional Games did an amazing job with this game: the storyline, the music & voice acting, the visuals are all outstandingly good and together they create an unforgettable experience.I really hope that we'll see at least one DLC for this masterpiece and I'm really looking forward to Frictional's works from now on."
76561197978909241,Recommended,282140,24901523,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,thescaryone,"I've been sitting on this in my library a while and finally got around to it. The storyline is phenominal. The questions it asks are deep and philosophical. The level design and sound design are amazing and completely immersive. Too bad the gameplay is nothing really new, I enjoyed the physical and 2D puzzles but the ""hide from the monster"" trope is getting overplayed. Overall I recommend it, but not at full price. Wait for a sale."
76561198271969278,Recommended,282140,24868101,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Vruci,"This game is the epitome of cheerful roses and unicorns- just underwater! Explore the underwater greek alphabet with friends and family in this my little pony knock off! Great for the kids who want their little minds to be warped and manipulated by the intense and psyhcologically distorting storyline- which is gilded with the dried blood of those before you. Watch as Fleshers pin you against walls, and Proxies stumble blindly down staircases to rip open your flesh. The crying girl is coming for you. The crying girl is coming for you. The crying girl is behind you. Close the godamned door. CLOSE THE GOD DAMNED DO-"
,Recommended,282140,24831613,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Alek,"Catherine, are we alive?"
76561198000277874,Recommended,282140,24825757,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,dquest,I enjoyed Simon the Sorcerer 2.0
76561197979577811,Recommended,282140,24810867,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Uncle Istvan,"Frictional are fast becoming my favourite developer (along with CD Projekt RED) because they really look to improve with every game, and they have truly succeeded here. Penumbra was about immersion, Amnesia was about fear, Machine For Pigs was about story, and they have combined all of the elements with beautiful/horrifying graphical elements to create an amazing experience. Some may complain about the enemies becoming more of a hinderance but I felt a threat from them that I haven't felt since the first Amnesia, and despite the slightly annoying protagonist I felt every inch of Simon's journey through the base, and beyond. A work of art!"
,Recommended,282140,24815207,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ebolasupermonky,"Great atmosphere, great story. This is the kind of game that will stick with you after it's over"
,Recommended,282140,24862252,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,RookieJack,"This is one of the most beautiful underwater games and it's one of the best ones I've played so far. Before this game I thought that Bioshock was the nicest one. But this game beats Bioshock and a few others. The atmosphere, textures, voiceover, level of world's detail, sound effects, models and animations are very well done. The monsters are not very scary, but they still make your blood rush through your veins during certain moments of the gameplay (especially when someone is chasing you). The plot is good and motivating - to save the humanity (or what's left of it). The ending leaves dual feelings, but life is never fair for everyone. Some people are destined to fly to the stars, some are doomed to remain in the dark abyss. I would like to praise the developers for making the game not too scary, but at the same time challenging and giving it an awesome look and feel."
76561197970754741,Recommended,282140,24767246,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Boone,"Wow.  Just wow. I have loved all of Frictional's past games, but Soma just knocks it out of the park in every respect. Best game I've played this year."
76561198005717166,Recommended,282140,24767487,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ampedsamo,it good
,Recommended,282140,24775453,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Razyel,"Just one of the best game i've ever played. More than just a game, an experience....... Hooooo, I also cryed like a baby....."
,Recommended,282140,24724475,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Siarate,During my second playthrough I was doing an indepth scan of the game to see if there was anything that I might have missed the first time. I called up every station at Upsilon in the com-center and when I called up Omicron Strohmeier told me to kill myself.Happy times.
,Recommended,282140,24744424,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,What Doth Life?,"I'm going to start off by saying how great this game is, honestly it's an extremely polished well rounded experience. The 12 hours I got out of it were CRAM PACKED with puzzles, horror, dialogue, beautiful set pieces, and me trying to figure out what the HECK is going on. Having enjoyed previous Frictional Games.. games.. I've only played this one now admittedly because of the price tag. I was apprehensive of shelling out $32CAD for a game much like one I've already played, and seeing my friends clock in 12 hours or so made me question it more. Needless to say I bought the game and to say my fears were very unfounded. Echoing what aforementioned friends say, the game is more about the story and atmosphere than the other elements. Now with that being said the natural assumption is that the other elements are a buffer, well that's a criticism I've seen of this game but I didn't feel that way at any point. The monsters and puzzles both felt like a natural extension of the world and made it just plain fun (if being scared af is fun). I will say that some of the puzzles were stretching the word unintuitive, but most hiccups were a result of me trying to rush and failing to see and take note of queues around me.Really though this game has one of the freshest stories I've played through in a long time, it's one that allows a lot of freedom of interpretation while still creating moral dilemas that only play out a few ways. This is definitely a game I was glad to play through, I look forward to whatever comes next!"
76561197994358528,Recommended,282140,24764916,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Courage Wolf,"Came for a Bioshock experience, got something between Amnesia the Dark Descent and Alien Isolation.It's a bit short, but quite intense, with very nice dialog and storytelling.I found I better than the previous games from the same studio in terms of story, gameplay and graphics.A good (albeit a little bit frightening) experience, and one of the best among the games on the same themes."
,Recommended,282140,22819906,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,StStep,"Its kind of spooky, and has some good science themes"
,Recommended,282140,22931147,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,disillusions,"It was wonderful, epic and perfect. Thank you Frictional Games!"
,Recommended,282140,22919632,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Temüjin,A game as intelligent as it is terrifying.
76561197982389460,Recommended,282140,22919648,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Xygon,"This game is absolutely thrilling, psychologically stimulating, and overall fun to play. As with Amnesia: DD, I feel like the game is too short, but looking back it took me quite a long time to get through this game, and was definitely worth the price.The masterminds of Frictional games found new and exciting ways to instill fear in the player that are appropriately themed with the new beautiful world they created. There were a few instances that I could predict what the level wanted me to do, and predict where the horror aspects would arise, but that in no way helped mitigate the terror.Frictional also stepped up the gameplay by adding elements of story collection, where the player can spend an hour or two simply looking around and finding the history of the PATHOS II team. This combined with the occasional puzzle mechanic makes SOMA one of my all time favorite games.If Frictional released DLC with a side story to actually participate as one or more of the PATHOS II team members to see how the events unfolded before Simon arrived, I would definitely purchase that DLC."
76561197991736293,Recommended,282140,22947191,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,trentwayjim,"I can only understate how much I enjoyed this product - it's one of the best gaming experiences I've had in years.  The story, atmosphere, pacing, artwork, and gameplay all appealed to me highly.Immersion was augmented by the excellent voice acting and story elements, especiallythe computers with emails and reports which gradually reveal the fates of the PATHOS-II crew.  The feeling of desolation was palpable.I'm not normally an adventure game player, and I'm definitely a light touch when it comes to horror games or movies, but to me SOMA did so many things right."
76561198287026169,Recommended,282140,22418662,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Myconluke,"It's been years since ive felt this much terror in the game.""This game isn't so bad""5 minuets later...""oh ♥♥♥♥ oh ♥♥♥♥ oh ♥♥♥♥""2 minuets later...""WHAT WAS THAT""3 minuets later....*hits pause to calm the ♥♥♥♥ down.10/10 would not calm the ♥♥♥♥ down"
,Recommended,282140,22418827,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pudding Please,"I beat this game in 24 hours of owning it. And not because the game is short. The game took me 7 hours to beat, but it was so interesting that I could not wait to see what would happen next and I wanted to find out how it ended. I'm impressed with this game, it was a lot better than I expected it to be."
76561198071097921,Recommended,282140,22420234,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,"This game requires liquid courage to play..Beware it is scary as hell...A huge thank you to the devs for making a 5 star game, you guys freeking rock, its a pure pleasure to play this game..."
76561198275354386,Recommended,282140,22420763,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,The Overmind,Amazing game
,Recommended,282140,22380163,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Fausterion,"While lighter on the horror elements, Soma is still yet another stellar title from Frictional Games. Soma packs a great plot, rich with scifi themes, exploring the mysteries of consciousness. The setting is a bit famliar for many, considering Soma is set in a futuristic underwater city, though that's where the comparison ends. The average play time is around 10 hours. Soma was my favourite single player game of 2015, and I recommend it to anyone who loves a game rich in scifi themes, with some horror on the side."
,Recommended,282140,22444034,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Nechromatica,"10/10 One of the best horror/puzzle games I have played ever. I believe SOMA surpasses the Amnesia games not because it is scarier in gameplay, the immersion and connection you feel to the plot of SOMA tears at you. Well done Frictional Games you made a game that makes me cry (and I'm a manly man I assure you)."
,Recommended,282140,22443206,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Chunky Chicken in my Soup,"Trying to find keys before leaving home simulator.10/10, would just throw♥♥♥♥♥♥in trash cans again"
,Recommended,282140,22388020,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Hentai-Kun,"Played 2.4 hours of this game, i freaking hate it already, its not a bad game just for clearing this out, but i have a tens to live inside and feel the fear they make in these kind of games, it gives what i want and yes it is the fear i want from this game but ♥♥♥♥ i screamed when i was underwater and that ♥♥♥♥ing son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ did run after me and i tought i lost him and he was standing right behind me when i turned around.......... damn.But it have great grapich, the gameplay have been great to where i have played so far, you need to figure out where and what to do, not to hard but still hard enought that makes you use your brain, reminds me of the good old bioshock games and a mix with amnesia. i recommend this game if you can easly fall inside the game and feel it and if you love the bioshock serie then god damn this game is rated for you my friend."
,Recommended,282140,22445601,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,motel69,"Perfect legth playtime with this game. Any longer and I would've died of fright! :pEDIT - Actually, I would do the game a huge disservice by not commenting on the storyline. No spoilers, but Frictional put a lot of thought into this world to flesh it out, it almost feels lived in (or died in). It introduces concepts like presence and perspective, builds it's arguments, then leaves you to make your own decisions on the matter. Quite an interesting story.And the audio and visual design using glitch is amazing and blends well in this world."
,Recommended,282140,22413968,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,mediochrea,It's a really good sci-fi puzzle game that could've done without the tacked-on survival horror.
,Recommended,282140,22417660,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Gabber,Better than Amnesia and Outlast combined. Great storry and naturally intense horror moments without lame jump scares
76561197979212651,Recommended,282140,22393213,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,kasplex,Really GUD SHT :)
76561198065877448,Recommended,282140,22752286,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SweepingsDemon,"A moving narrative experience which is somewhat dulled by the included horror elements. The first half feels like it phoned in the Foundation Trilogy or System Shock, but the choices you have to make (which do not affect the ending) make the experience much more visceral than I originally expected. The game took me a little over 11 hours to complete and I only died 3 times or so, so you definitely get your money's worth. There is also a ""wuss"" mod which people who want the story but hate the horror might find useful."
,Recommended,282140,22771094,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Guy Fieri,"Well is it the ocean or space?  That ending though, hit me good..."
76561198056340423,Recommended,282140,22770699,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,The White Hawk,Yes.
,Recommended,282140,22788176,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,✪ PooQuiz,"I freaking love this game, AMAZING STORY (that actually makes you think) and some of the best voice acting and environments I've ever explored! 10/10"
76561198173778934,Recommended,282140,22866718,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,nursegina1986,"Although the concept of the game is quite unique and interesting, I found this game very difficult to play, had to use a walkthrough for most of the game."
76561197999106885,Recommended,282140,22874558,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mongoooos,I just finished SOMA.   I am thrilled!  Talk about an immerssive experience...  I didn't move from the seat all day.  I enjoyed Amnesia thoroughly but this was even better.  Keep applying those lessons-learned devs.  I can't wait for your next experience!  Thank You!
76561198030528976,Recommended,282140,22839848,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Iophiel,"A really excellent game! Atmospheric, amazing storyline that really makes you think about what life and consciousness is.I'm not usually a huge fan of the games where you're up against something that's going to kill you and you have no way to defend yourself other than to run and hide, but this one had few enough of those encounters for me to still enjoy it. There was just enough of them to be slightly bothersome when it comes to completing what you need to do in the game, but still terrify the living crap out of you. SOMA got these encounters just right.I've always been interested in philosophy and pondering the ""what ifs"" of the world. If you're like that too, you'll really love this game. The storyline is what truly shines here, and is absolutely unforgettable."
,Recommended,282140,22859315,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bomples,"Nice little game, really enjoyable so far. Seems to have a mix of System Shock/BioShock/The Matrix & little bit of a Dead Space vibe thrown in as well. My only fault with the game personally was the addition of hostile monsters, the game doesn't need them and can hold it's own without them. Thankfully there is a mod to fix that ""issue"". Overall, very good and highly recommend for Survival Horror/Sci-Fi enthusiasts!"
76561198295268081,Recommended,282140,25658322,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Terran Gamer,"The storyline is deeply immersive and the atmosphere really gets you looking over your shoulder every now and then. A perfect example would be (SPOILER ALERT!!!)  At site theta when you immediately enter a large, partially spotless hangar and your wondering where anybody is. To make it even more so when you activate the deep sea submarine the way it comes alive unexpectedly (and loudly) definetly had me worried that more may have heard he ruckus and would be on their way."
76561198019557045,Recommended,282140,30874754,Posted: 1 April,all,A.G.B.,"Pros: explores transhumanism in a deeply engaging way. Immersive. Enemy designs are greater in amount, variety and quality that previous games from Frictional... stealth, chases and other enemy encounters are also better. Compelling characters. Memorable setting. Genuinely as amazing as System Shock 2 in some respects. Almost everything is varied enough that it doesn't get stale. Smart writing. Moral choices that stay with you. The engine gets another huge upgrade. Fixes almost every single issue The Dark Descent had.Cons: Simon is sometimes really annoying. Enemy encounters do get tedious. The deep sea walking, though amazing, should maybe have been trimmed by a third, or at least split into more sections and spread out more. Puzzles are far too easy, and don't require the physics that much, even if you ignore the developers' previous work. Disorienting.Overall, it's easily the best work Frictional Games has done so far, and I've loved everything they put out(though Requiem was a letdown). I recommend it to anyone who is interested in the transhumanist theme, the hide-and-seek survival horror game genre, and realistic physics engines."
,Recommended,282140,25650611,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Mettanine,"It is hard to describe SOMA. It is hard to recommend SOMA, because it is so different.That said, by all means, PLAY THIS GAME!There is nothing like it, it's one of a kind. But it's defiinitely among the best games I ever played."
,Recommended,282140,25651059,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,archdeco,"It's been a year and still nobody has cut together footage of this game with dialogue from that episode of Sealab where they talk about putting their brains in robot bodies.The human race has failed, I embrace death."
,Recommended,282140,25651920,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nigel Thornberry,Deeply unsettling with every step. Existentially terrifying in every way. This game is a masterpiece that everyone should play.
,Recommended,282140,25678144,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,harmlesshamster,"What can I say?I have hours of gameplay on this very well done first person puzzler aside from the 48 hours I accidentally left it running over the weekend.So, 68 - 48 = 20 hours so far of good gameplay!This well graphicked game has good pacing, proper antagonist placement and puzzles appropriate for a story heavy science fiction thriller game. I really liked the characters, the atmosphere and also the fact that they didn't let me keep every single tool I used to progress through the game.All in all a title worth $30 even though I got it on sale (I think - Steam does not tell you how much you spent unless you comb your emails). Other puzzlers should learn from what Frictional Games did here ...... again. :)P.S. I LOVED amnesia: Dark Decent."
76561198025458779,Recommended,282140,25614096,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mad Max,"SOMA is literally one of the best games I have ever played, but there is one thing you've got to knows before hopping in; The game doesn't spoon feed you any of the implications of the choices you make, you've got to put yourself into the world and think about what these things mean.It's a game that entertains you and makes you think, the story is great and includes so many really good ideas all wrapped neatly together into a coherent string. Maybe it'll surprise you, maybe it won't but the twists aren't the highlights it's going through the story itself. The graphics are outstanding and if you've played any of Frictional Games', uh, games then you know exactly what you're getting in terms of controls.Level design, creature design and the characters are also all great. It'll ♥♥♥♥ with your head and your adrenaline glands at the same time and the sheer level of detail in each hallway and every room will blow your mind, if you like to see the little things."
,Recommended,282140,25619135,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TAyLOr,nice horror gme
76561198091759060,Recommended,282140,25620808,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,philsheardy,"You will not regret buying and playing this game. It is a true masterpiece of art, story telling and game play. I enjoyed every moment of it."
,Recommended,282140,25629811,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,brandon_break,I really like how Frictional Games enrolls you in their games. The storyline is so good and lets you thinking about it.
,Recommended,282140,25641636,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,jonners,Outstanding.
,Recommended,282140,25630165,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,sound,"The story elements are what make this game so great.The developers make you think about what is is to be human, and what it is to be alive.It's a beautiful, fun, and freaking scary game.A+++"
76561197970401813,Recommended,282140,25686524,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Jon Flatul,"Get it and play it deliberately, pay attention to all those details as the story unfolds. It's worth it."
76561198051301307,Recommended,282140,25359370,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,bth5032,"Excellent sci-fi story. Very interesting themes about existence and death are played with throughout, and I found it genuinely scary (as in, had to shut off the game and come back to it) at several points. It's a decently long playthrough if you're casually going about it and I found the ending to be quite satisfying. Seriously one of the best games I've played in a long time, can't say enough about the great writing, scoring, and voice acting."
76561197983049664,Recommended,282140,25169703,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[azTek],Happy end that makes you feel sad. Great story
76561198070439622,Recommended,282140,25371076,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,hawk.your.eye.out,Its Pretty Scary
76561198019394572,Recommended,282140,25377580,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,King of the Casuals,"Whilst this has so so much going for it, and is truly amazing and fanatsic, where it all falls down is the stupid ""avoid the monster"" mechanic. I am pretty much at the end of the game, but can not be bothered finishing it, as i have to keep moving into a corner and stare at the wall, then the monster attacks me anyway. Really dissapointing end to what was at times a completlety excellent gaming experience!I just dont care enough about the ending, as it is so boring looking at walls hiding, i cant stand it!"
76561198018252071,Recommended,282140,25377827,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,banjo,"I've played and liked all of Frictional's games but I think this is easily the best they've made yet. While it is definitely horror, it's not the ""popular youtube makes let's play and screams at jumpscares"" kind of horror game that's become very common in the past few years. Compared to Amnesia: The Dark Descent SOMA is less scary, but that's not because they were trying to make it as scary as possible and failed, it's because the focus of the game is more on atmosphere and plot than pure horror. The atmosphere is always incredibly cool and immersive in Frictional games and SOMA is no exception, but the story in SOMA is way better written and more meaningful than any other Frictional game, and honestly I would say this is the best story based game I've personally ever played.Overall: 10/10"
76561198051397823,Recommended,282140,25336649,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Grey,"Recommended for thalassophobes, and everyone else really."
,Recommended,282140,25364194,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,shutupandance,"Brilliant! Great graphics, storyline and carachters. Probably the best dreamy-like experience in video games ever."
,Recommended,282140,25053077,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,General Underpants,"Fear and anticipation are an interesting combination. It's been awhile since I've played a game that put me on edge the way Soma has. Lots of creepy detail if you calm down and take a look around. The story is a nice mix of sci-fi and horror and just vague enough to keep you skeptical. Gameplay is smooth and keeps you nice and tense. Play with headphones, alone, at night, in the dark.The wind blew a tree branch against the window next to me once while playing. I just about♥♥♥♥♥♥myself."
,Recommended,282140,25053911,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,hidden3rddragon,"Bioshock meets deadspace, meets Amnesia, meets slinderman. The soundtrack is great, the game is game."
,Recommended,282140,25064431,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mr. Magiks,"I like my horror like I like my women. Confusing. And that is exactly where you will find yourself when you start SOMA. But this is more than a simple game.Between the absolutely gorgeous storyline and the intense, panic inducing adrenaline rushes, you will find yourself falling in love with this horror tale of cataclysmic events.What can I say about SOMA that hasn't already been said? Not much really. But if you really let yourself feel the fear, I promise you will not regret it."
,Recommended,282140,25072617,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ghetto,10/10
76561198087546158,Recommended,282140,26424352,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Taadadaa.,"Exellent game, very entertaining.The world and the athmosphere is rich and detailed, with great ambience.The story is really good, and the extra mod is nice for people to enjoy it without the kills, but even with the kills thedifficulty was just right to emphazise the story instead of being frustrating to a casual player, which was nice.Very recommended."
76561198056627494,Recommended,282140,26399454,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jonnikaj,"Both a sci-fi masterpiece and a horror masterpiece.Sublime audiovisuals.Fantastic story that probes lots of interesting existential/transhuman questions.Great attention to detail making the underwater science outpost seem believeable.There are some choices in this game that you will agonize over. The game won't respond much to your questions, but the decision making process itself will impact you. You will mull your choices for some time.The monster moments may not please everyone, however. They are really frightening, and at times frustrating. You have to proceed slowly through these parts and may end up repeating sections after death. This may be offputting for those who just want the story.On the other hand, these moments are not as prevalent as in Amnesia (the story and location is a bigger focus here), and the monsters are not hugely different in design to previous games. So veterans of Amnesia who are after the next big step in challenging monster action may feel disappointed.But the monsters are more varied than previous games and personally I think they got the balance right."
76561198002566709,Recommended,282140,26443999,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Leonin,"Absolutely stunning visuals, amazing and original science fiction story, freaking depressing with excellent sound effects.Such a good game.Deserves so much more recognition than it got."
,Recommended,282140,26451030,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,wagenaarfamily,"This is a beautifully atmospheric -- and at times terrifying -- game.  I did not even mind the ""linear"" walks between locations that some reviewers mentioned.I will definitely play this again."
,Recommended,282140,26448153,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ender,"Really good story in this game, really recommend."
,Recommended,282140,26394632,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Episodic,This game is a masterpiece worth getting if you enjoy an immersive meaningful story the whole way through.
76561198003213571,Recommended,282140,26392515,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Stannerman the Mighty,This company has shown that one game after another their games improve. This one by far is their best game. I also like they they try new things. Hopefully their next game would go back to supernatural themes like Amnesia.
,Recommended,282140,26381020,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ღ✿Wee^B♥♥,Deep down in my♥♥♥♥♥i feel uncomfortable
,Recommended,282140,26381110,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,helix,"I love the aesthetic of the game and I find it has an interesting story.While the gameplay is very limited, some may find it too boring and too linear, I think this game hits a good balance between narrative and gameplay. If you won't think of it has a game, think of it has an hybrid experience between a video game and a movie.Good job Frictional."
76561197970837645,Recommended,282140,26441463,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ripped_Reaper,A fun ride that kept me guessing right to the end.
,Recommended,282140,26442262,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LiamNeelson,"Great game!!! I finally got to play through completely, and man what an amazing story! The end had me at loss of words!"
76561198109063975,Recommended,282140,26439350,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Neutrifiel,"I haven't played game so good since System Shock 2. Sci-fi horror. Story is incredible. The effort they put in making every scene is amazing. I like to squeeze every part of the game when I'm playing, so this has been extraordinary experience for me. Note that this is my first game without shooting stuff.Serbian: presao sam ovu igru piratsku al nisam mogao da je ne kupim jer je strasno ekstra. Ne mogu da vjerujem koliko truda je ulozeno u svaku mapu. Detalji koje danas slabo ubacuju u igre jer vecina igraca samo proleti kroz igru jer im je bitan samo cilj. Nemam rijeci da posteno opisem ovu igru.I've been crying for game like this for a very long time. :)"
,Recommended,282140,26410278,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Blake,The best horror game.
,Recommended,282140,26418568,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ну погоди,"Great game, really immersive. Reminded me of penumbra a lot with better graphics. If you haven't played penumbra, play that first."
,Recommended,282140,26419762,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Meisterred,A brilliant engaging rewrding philosophical adventure/horror/sci-fi masterpiece!In line with the best of the genre :)
,Recommended,282140,26414570,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,GeeK_Kila,I really enjoyed SOMA.  Just scary enough to be fun without keeping me on edge 110% of the time.  ♥♥♥♥ all replayability.  Great storyline.  Makes me want to shoot my epic porn collection into space so that it lives forever!
76561198025623910,Recommended,282140,25585461,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,sathasekhem,"Scary, unsane, fascinating, well written and smart. A must do for all survival horror fans, and all those who love intelligent sci-fi too."
,Recommended,282140,25652190,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Marma,"Amazing game, one of my favorite games of all time!"
,Recommended,282140,25657577,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Manic Velocity,"What makes SOMA great is that it keeps you thinking.  Something too few horror games do.  And the ideas it presents are often far more terrifying than the monsters themselves.  Because the monsters can be beaten (in a sense), but those ideas stick with you long after you finish the game.The ideas are not new.  Any freshman Philosophy student will identify them right away.  But they are delivered in a way that I don't think has really been explored before in video games.  And it's all hung on a wonderfully realized framework of sci-fi psychological horror.If you are paying attention, you will be able to figure out the ending.  This is my only complaint with the game.  I knew how the game would end because the rules were laid out fairly early on.  Following them to their logical conclusion meant the game ended exactly as I expected it to.That being said, the journey to get to the end was absolutely fantastic!  SOMA is designed to stir discussion.  Again, something too few horror games do."
,Recommended,282140,25813644,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Merkaba,"Must buy.  The Story, the sound design and the ambiance are exceptional.  The story delivery is perfectly paced.  I deliberately slowed down my progress by walking instead of running in order to extend the experience and to reflect on the protagonist's existential crisis.  This game provides zero replay value and is linear; think of it as a very scary, extremely good ten hours movie."
76561197971881192,Recommended,282140,25813763,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Aona,Great game. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,282140,25895426,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,The Big Black Ass Of God,"Before I give you the pros and cons of this game just know that it's a Frictional Games game. You probably know what you're getting into. There will be item hunting, puzzles, and horrible things trying to rip your face off and then beat you to death with it.Pros: Tons of atmosphere, amazing story, and genuinely terrifying monsters. I loved this game. Everything feels like it's going to break or it's going to break you. Almost the entire time you feel very uncomfortable. This has a lot to do with the amazing sound design and strange things going on in this game. A few of the monsters are pretty dickish and will constantly go after you while you're trying to solve puzzles.Cons: 90% of the things you can interact with are completely meaningless. Prepare to end up in a lot of rooms where there's just nothing you need. I also found the game to be a lot easier then The Dark Descent (infinitely more difficult then A Machine For Pigs of course). Finally there's a part they just shoe horned into the end to resolve stuff that was a bit strange.Overall this is an amazing game for sci fi horror lovers and those that like the kind of stuff Frictonal puts out. It pulled me in and made me feel."
76561198016039119,Recommended,282140,25889144,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Shabby Jerkin,I have never written any review on steam but this game ..holy moly it just blew my mind away.If you buy anything then BUY THIS GAME (it´s 11 Bucks so what can go wrong)! This was oneof the greatest experiences i´ve ever had in pc gaming.
76561197972837061,Recommended,282140,25893998,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,phox,This game had a good beat and I could dance to it.
76561198052354135,Recommended,282140,25879643,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Blackraptor,One of the best story driven horror experiences I've ever had. Evokes thoughts and feelings that persist long after the game has ended that I'm at a loss of words to vividly describe.
76561198044570021,Recommended,282140,25879924,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,FlyHazeman,One of the greatest games you will ever play.
76561198148267637,Recommended,282140,23027259,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,luigimichael,Makes you think about life..
76561197994447661,Recommended,282140,23021008,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Long Dong,spooky
76561198081112513,Recommended,282140,23019433,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SilverCopper,"Really enjoyed it, not a lot of action beyond some light puzzles and basic stealth it's all about the atmosphere and it totally nails it!GOOD:- Some stellar story telling in this horror game, especially fond of the great voice acting and directing so rare in videogames.- Good atmoshpere and setting, underwater works great as a setting and it looks the part, underwater sequences looked and sounded awesome.- Sound in general very good, creaking and unsettling often leaves you to wonder wether that's the pipes or something out to get youBAD:- Stealth revolved entirely around avoidence which was fine but the creep AI was a bit arbitrary sometimes, waiting around not killing but locking you in, as well as the solutions not feeling clever at all, I rarely got a sense of what a good strategy was to avoid them and solving it was basically just trying x amount of times.- Scares were not always super effective because of dumb AI and repetition, although there are some nice scary sounds and VFX going on when you get caught.- Maybe could be a little shorter, by the last station I felt I had seen a lot of bulkheads and similar room puzzles, but not far off from ideal length for this kind of experience.OVERALL:Pretty great, a walking breathing sci-fi horror novel with a good story and acting and some interesting moral moments."
76561198002764787,Recommended,282140,23091661,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Marty Mcfly,"PROS: Good story, actually incredible story. Really makes you think through the whole game and reflect on a lot of things. Not so much ""twists"" but just like deep thought on the human conscience.Visually appealing throughout, was not overly challenging but would occasionally put your wits to the test.A few parts had my blood pumping but wasn't over the top with jump scares or anything like a lot of other games are.CONS: The ""glitching"" of the screen can get kind of annoying when dealing with enemies I get that its part of the game but it gets to you after a while.Some of the Terminals you data mined were kinda meh coulda had more substance when listening to those.Overall: Good game, Unique and thought provoking story, you are given choices at a few points in the game and it makes you feel the impact of those decisions, not in a major way but you do feel them.If you like single player games where there's no combat, solving puzzles, hiding/running from enemies, and learning the story as you go this is the game for you, you won't regret it."
76561198034281534,Recommended,282140,23348893,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Boris,Yes yes yes yes !
,Recommended,282140,23365621,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MegaBearsFan,"Please read the full review on my personal blog:http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2016/05/20/Soma-game-review.aspxBelow is an excerpt from that review:""This narrative is the thing that actually elevates Soma up above Amnesia: the Dark Descent. This narrative explores the mind-body problem in a similar manner to The Swapper, but this time, with a more transhumanist slant. The actual gameplay doesn't incorporate the theme as well as The Swapper does, but the story that is told is still very thought-provoking and offers an interesting dialogue on the concepts of the mind-body problem as they relate to transhumanism. While The Swapper used the mind-body problem as the centerpiece of its core mechanic that you were constantly engaged with, Soma focuses on exploring corridors and evading monsters as its core mechanic, with a thematic transhumanist puzzle or set piece showing up at regular intervals to make you stop and think. It works just fine, but it never reaches the level of ludonarrative harmony that The Swapper excels at.For anybody who's paying attention to the narrative and actually thinking about the things that you're asked to do in this game, the existential horror of your actions and the events of the game should be screwing with your mind enough that the game doesn't need to throw in deadly monsters. I felt genuinely sad when I had to hurt or kill some of the robots, and the game gives the player some subtle choices as extensions of certain key puzzles that made me pause and think about the repercussions and morality of what I was doing. All the moral choices that you face are presented as ""lesser of two evils"" options rather than the ""paragon or renegade"" choices that most other games (including heady games like Fallout) throw at the player.The game even makes some of these choices for you early in the game (when you don't necessarily comprehend the weight of your actions) by forcing you to make one choice over the other in order to proceed. This just makes the open-ended choices later on feel so much heavier (after the game has explained the sinister nature of the character's previous choices), and they made me stop dead in my tracks and contemplate the weight of what I'm deciding to do. They aren't utilitarian, there's no impression that one path or the other might result in a ludic reward or alternate ending, and even if I did think a choice might affect the game's ending, I was genuinely oblivious as to how. I was left considering what I thought would be the right thing to do based on my own understanding of the subject matter that the game was presenting me with, and that was a genuinely hard decision to make. I sat for a minute or two at some of these choices, moving the mouse cursor over each of the option buttons, as I debated in my head which one was the better choice. And even the word ""better"" seemed like the wrong term: better for who?"""
76561198057152539,Recommended,282140,23339111,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Danran87(now with color!),Play this just buy it dont even ask if its good or not this game will not scare you alot but it will make you think about mortaility time and everthing it will make you rethink alot of things. And take it from me im a ♥♥♥♥♥
76561197982588810,Recommended,282140,24290251,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Reuben,"Frictional does it again! SOMA is one of the most thought provoking, atmospheric, and overall enjoyable gaming experiences I've ever had. It would be a disservice to yourself not to try it. This is the closest a game has come to system shock 2 in terms of tone. Don't pass this game by."
76561197980783984,Recommended,282140,24271300,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Horny Shrimp,No other game will leave you thinking long after you've completed it. It was an amazing journey. Impressive story-telling that proves games can get you invested in the world you're experiencing.
76561198082098858,Recommended,282140,24268420,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Marcosgmunoz,"Probably among the greatest works of fiction regarding existence and being in history.I won't say anymore because anything you say about the game in some way spoils the experience, since it's heavily based on the unknown."
76561198098465394,Recommended,282140,24268655,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,(MryJ) Chaps,I'm going to keep it simple and short. Best psychological horror game I have ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,282140,24271986,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,capnramses,"a very similar format to the previous games (which is good). the graphics are great (actually i would have been happy with a much lower level of sophistication) and i liked wandering around exploring the place. the mechanisms and computer terminals to interact with are all pretty neat, there's a lot of that. the underwater segments are very atmospheric and impressive. the story was pretty good. i wasn't quite clear if there are different endings or not depending on choices like in Amnesia, but there are some instances where you get to make some interesting moral decisions."
76561198019657391,Recommended,282140,24271527,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Quillows,"One of those rare and special games that you can only describe as an expirence. While my expirence wasn't the smoothest on a little aging laptop, the game still shined through. The design, story, and twists left me with a game that earns it's own special place on my list of favorites. Thank you for creating a truly fantastic expierence. One that I truly wish I could play for the first time again."
76561198034935991,Recommended,282140,24376007,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Tsunnen,"SOMA is one of those games that's so good you must tell everyone about it.You're Simon, some dude that got himself in a car accident and had a severe brain trauma. He decides to try an experimental treatment to have his brain scanned and wakes up in a complete different location after the scan. You, playing as Simon, must explore this new place and find out what it's all about, how you got there, et cetera.  I can guarantee you, the story is MINDBREAKING and I will refrain from speaking about it any longer to prevent spoilers.It's amazing how thrilling and immersive this game is. You'll be carefully exploring the station, hearing all kinds of noises around the corner, peeking to check if there's something there, looking over your shoulder to see if you're being creeped on... while you wonder what the hell is going on.Technically, it's not THAT impressive, considering that SOMA has been released last year. The graphics are excellent, the textures are great, but it doesn't feel like a ""current-gen"" game. There's a lot of stuff laying around on the floor, on top of the tables, inside of drawers, stuff you can grab and examine although nothing is of some use except the items required to proceed with the story. Not that's a problem in any way, because the game shines either way.The sounds and effects are top notch. You must play SOMA with headphones on, because you will get scaried like HELL. You will accidentally kick stuff laying around on the floor and it will make noises, making you feel that's something lurking around as you explore. The voice acting is excellent as well, specially Simon's and Catherine's.About the gameplay: don't get your hopes very high. You will basically walk around, browse terminals, do a little item gathering and solve very straightforward puzzles once in a while. Something worth mentioning is that sometimes you'll have to decide for yourself what you will do, putting you between a rock and a hard place because some decisions out there will challenge your morals. There's no combat in SOMA, you will have to sneak past the enemies and hide from them, in case you get spotted. The focus of this game is it's story and the immersion.And man... THIS is where SOMA gets scary as ♥♥♥♥. It manages to make you desperately run like crazy to evade the enemies because IT IS SCARY LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥WHEN THESE ♥♥♥♥ERS COME AFTER YOU! The game does a hell of a job to make everything extremely terrifying, be it exploring the dark corridors and rooms of the station or be it running from the enemies giving chase.I can tell you all that have been reading so far that SOMA deserves to be played, with lights out and headphones on. You will be amazed by the immersion, by how exciting it is to explore and how the story will develops. And what a story it is, my friends.If you're out there looking for a narrative thriller game, SOMA is your game. Get it now, don't even wait for a sale."
76561197961910462,Recommended,282140,24357493,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Al Your Pal,"Don't buy this game for the gameplay, because you'll be disappointed.However, if you are looking for an immersive, atmospheric, story-driven game, please please please buy this game! This game's story ranks up there with games like Metal Gear Solid 2, Bioshock triology and Half-Life.Pros:+Voice acting and sound effects are top-notch - it's probably the best I've ever heard in a game.+Immersive+ Graphics are detailed - both beautiful and brutal. Some sections looks better than others, but overall it's a gorgeous experience. Some stations look nearly photorealistic.+Game design makes you feel like you're in a believable underwater station.+Science/tech in the game appears believable+Masterful story pace+Length to completetion is very satisfying - I never felt like the designers created useless fetch quests to make it longer.+Emotional - There are several moments from the game that I think will stick with me for the rest of my life.Cons:- Gameplay. Don't expect this to test your gaming skills. It's basically walking/running around, hiding from monsters and pushing buttons.- Backstory is a bit difficult to piece together- Decisions made in the game have no bearing on game ending- Monsters are annoying. I installed the Wuss Mode and it made the story much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,282140,24336051,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SoulForMachine,"With SOMA, Frictional goes to a new level. Unlike their previous games (Penumbra, Amnesia), SOMA is not merely a horror game, it is a philosophical thriller that confronts the player with an existential crisis. Though being even more atmospheric and tense than all their previous games, the horror is not in the dark, helplessnes and dreadful creatures, it is in the examination of the nature and meaning of the self."
76561198074903598,Recommended,282140,24396708,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,River,Best horror story I've played.
,Recommended,282140,22963646,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Halflight,"SOMA, the most recent game by Amnesia's developers Frictional Games, can be best described as a hybrid between a walking simulator with puzzles and a horror videogame. The player takes control of Simon Jarett, a Canadian affected by a brain condition, as he's misteriously moved all of a sudden in an elaborated scientific base at the bottom of the sea with no other human being in sight.The gameplay elements that made the main beef of both Amnesia: The Dark descent and Amnesia: A machine for pigs return for this third game as well, albeit significantly tuned down, to the point that SOMA has more in common with a walking simulator than a survival horror with puzzles: said puzzles often revolve around interacting with computers or other buttons, so item manipulation is kept to a minimum. Simon also has a health system of some sort: depending on how much health he has left, monsters can either knock him down for a few seconds or outright kill him. Health is recovered by interacting with nodes in the environment and its exact amount at any given time is near impossible for the player to determine, since there isn't any kind of UI element aside for a very simple inventory screen (which, truth be told, isn't exactly essential).Much like its predecessors, SOMA also pits the player against dangerous monster he/she must avoid in order to advance. Such encounters in this game are much less of a focus than in the previous ones: you'll have to deal with only one monster at a time in each sequence and its presence will be pretty much announced to you, so you'll know when to start crouching. To the developers' merit, however, every monsters you'll avoid has a different pattern to it you must discover before even trying to get past it.SOMA's main attractive however is its story, which deals with important themes like self-awarness and the very definition of the self through a very interesting plot, also helped by a very consistent and enthralling sci-fi atmosphere. Personally, I think this is the main reason to buy this game, even if, I must really say, the main Amnesia formula has gotten thinner and thinner over the years"
,Recommended,282140,24374480,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Toblerone,Great game.  Has refreshing slow-burn pacing.  Thought provoking.
,Recommended,282140,18233019,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Tigerman Poob,"If you find the ocean to be a terrifying place like me, then you just stumbled upon a gold mine... and a rather amazing story, which I have to say I didn't expect. Whether you're looking to pee yourself in horror or to enjoy a good sci fi plot, this game is a diamond in the rough."
,Recommended,282140,24450558,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Spazo117,"This is one of the best survival horror games I have ever played. The story is emmursive and exciting and well thought out. Granted I haven't played Outlast or Alien Islolation, however I have played Dead Space and the Silent Hills and I highly Reccomend this game."
76561198055669094,Recommended,282140,24451124,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Humpback Kawah,As someone who enjoys horror games I can guarantee a good time with this game. Story was an amazing masterpiece and was exectued beautifully. 10/10 would be lost in the sea again
76561197995212192,Recommended,282140,24344390,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Nethys,"Wow, SOMA, I have just finished it and I am speechless.Play this without reading spoilers, play this without guides.You'll thank me later.Gameplay is similar to amnesia but a bit smoother.The setting and atmosphere of this game are impressive and you'll be thinking about the whole story a very long time.Without hesitation, buy this. 10/10"
76561198055651384,Recommended,282140,24346797,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Big Boss,"SOMAWhat do you think when you hear that? Dread, Confusion, and Deception is what I think. And honestly, the game is **** good too.Summary: SOMA takes place in an underwater facility or city, called PATHOS-II. However, when most of the power goes out, the food is low as is purified water, and their are insane Robots, what will you do?Pros-An Incredible atmosphere-Twists, and Turns you do not expect-Realistic Physics-Little to None Bugs and glitches-Some Replay value-An okay horror element-A nice little...theory the game takes on-2-3 choices during certain areas-12-13 hours of gameplay-Amazing sounds-Music is fitting-Excellent Graphics!-WORKSHOP! +Make your own SOMA!Cons:-Main Character is as dumb as bricks, and is thicker than planet earth itself! Oh my gooooooooood!-Some characters areant as fleshed out as others.-Ending...is slightly disappointing-Monsters are a little annoying and take out plenty of atmospheric elements-AI Is quite stupid, but can be incredibly smart at unfair moments-Health system is a little weird...but...this isnt a Con-Some moments in the game feel to dragged onFinal Verdict:8/10Another well made masterpiece by Frictional Games! This game is a keeper, buy it. Or wait for a sale. You have more than one choice. What will you do."
76561197992353193,Recommended,282140,24356890,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,CrazyIvan,"Another awesome experience from Frictional games. Buy this! Wonderful story, atmosphere, graphics, and sound."
,Recommended,282140,24351180,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,hub,The single best scenario in a video game ever.
,Recommended,282140,24326198,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Honesty,"One of the best games I've ever played.Beyond just ""normal"" psychological horror. Things unfold like you've never, ever seen in any other game."
,Recommended,282140,24286432,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Gunstable,"SOMA far exceeded my expectations, and is one of the best games I've played in years. While it does contain horror elements, I would classify SOMA more as a science fiction story game (in a creepy setting) than a horror game. There are no jump scares here, or really much that I would classify as frightening. More of a creepy vibe.The writing in SOMA is fantastic. Gameplay is relatively linear but you don't mind because the story keeps you engaged throughout. Just when you think you know what's going on, you learn more about the truth of the situation and new questions unfold. By the end you've confronted some very philosophical themes about human nature and AI. I can't say more without giving away spoilers, but I will say that several days later my kids and I are still talking about the story.Get this game especially if you enjoy thought-provoking sci-fi games. The end is very satisfying!"
,Recommended,282140,24287728,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Koba,The premise of this game is that now every monster is the water monster.
76561198044852726,Recommended,282140,24349302,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mountainlifter,"Interesting game. Well written dialogue and a story that philosophizes on the nature of consciousness.The textures should have been better especially in the close up views of consoles and computers. However, aesthetically, it looks like Bioshock 1 but better.It can get boring at times especially in the WAU monster evasion sections when you don't really know where to go. But the monsters did a great job of creeping me out until I realized I can get caught by them even two times and  still not die; there's a short blackout and you return back a few paces, now moving with a limp. Outlast did a better job in this respect whereby if you get caught, you get a gory death which amplifies the dread induced by monsters."
,Recommended,282140,30823782,Posted: 29 March,all,Jawnson,"Excellent game, best aspect of the game is the story without a doubt. The best way I can describe the story is that it is part storyline part philosphical question that will truely make you think and consider the question being asked. Some of the monsters are not all that scary or difficult to defeat but on the whole my heart was pounding for most of the game. The sea floor sections are the weakest parts but they are generally short. Most definitely worth the buy!"
76561197991319535,Recommended,282140,24320717,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,dimitrisk,"Excellent atmosphere, fantastic story. If you liked Bioshock, you will love this !"
76561198016003941,Recommended,282140,24317895,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,jdgonzo82,"an amazing game with an interesting and rich world to explore. the mission is always kept interesting as well as the puzzles which usually take full advantage of the interactive environment, the graphics and sound design are impressive and the pace of the game is perfect although perseverance will be needed in parts where you are desperately trying to avoid the ""bad guy."" full playthrough lasted around 12hrs...looking forward to playing through it again already!"
76561198027566353,Recommended,282140,24294985,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,elavram,Nice story and concept.
,Recommended,282140,24300789,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The Bearded Wonder,Gorgeous game. Dark yet beautiful story line. Left me on the edge of my seat with chills. 9.9/10
,Recommended,282140,24298530,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,NCKKNWAY™,-Like Bioshock without guns  9/10
76561198243250840,Recommended,282140,21266190,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Kappin Pickle,"This game is pretty spooky, the atmosphere is fantastic, and the story is fascinating. I haven't finished it yet, though. I just want a badge.(I will update this review when I have finished the game.)UPDATE: I just finished the game! Here are my thoughts:Pros:+Masterful atmosphere+Absurdly detailed visuals+Top of the line sound design+Pretty spooky+Varied physical enviroments which are more fun to mess around with than they should be+Mod/Controller support, non-restrictive FoV options+Appropriate length (I have played too many open-world games recently. Brevity is virtue.)+Well-paced and thought-provoking storyline+Likable charactersCons:-Several aspects of the story are perhaps not as well developed as they should have been-Late-game creepy fellows are not as creepy to encounter as they are to stare at-At times the game seems more interested in crazy philosophy than spooky science fictionConclusion:I highly reccomend this game! I was worried going in that there wasn't going to be enough content and that the story was going to be lackluster; both of these concerns were dashed, however, and I am glad to have supported this excellent developer."
,Recommended,282140,22076504,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Eyebrawl2015378,This game was what i expected for a horror game. I recomend this because this game had me on edge the whole time.
76561198039749004,Recommended,282140,22079399,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,JAHLIE,"Would definitely recommend to anyone who is a fan of frictionals previous games. SOMA follows their model of story telling really well, even if the scare factor is less so this time around. If you are looking for a horror game I don't think this will be for you, whilst it has some gory/unsettling moments it is more a thriller then a horror. But even so it has elements which will remind you of amnesia the dark descent as the atmosphere building is brilliant! Making you feel like a monster is about to start chase. Overall a solid purchase, would recommend!"
,Recommended,282140,22072784,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,thatguyehler,"Less scary, more atmospheric. Take a look at this game if you want something that makes you think."
76561198135007227,Recommended,282140,22073415,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,FeckWidget,"Imersive and beautiful, yet i cant get it to run smooth on my laptop, no matter what i do, and the forums arent much help. Running smooth this game is probably their best yet."
76561197976028805,Recommended,282140,22034796,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Frast,Highly recommended. Great atmospheric horror game with a very interesting story and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,282140,22037236,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Psybion,As someone who never realy liked amnesia this game was amazing would buy again9/10
76561198246864966,Recommended,282140,22082420,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,GiggaNigga4000,"amazing story line, plot twists and game play loved it 11/9 would play again."
,Recommended,282140,22084005,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Sireristof1332,"The further you travel, the more you feel left alone, what an incredible Adventure, with tough decisions."
,Recommended,282140,30739660,Posted: 25 March,all,P U N C T U R E D ☽ L U N G,"I love this game. A few things about it that really sold me:This game has an amazing story that really gets to you, without being corny or deep in a cheesy way. It would make a great book. There was never a part that made me roll my eyes or feel like SOMA was out of bounds with it's narrative. ""Question[ing] your existence"" is an accurate description for what the main character experiences in this game, so its appropriate to say that this game makes the player question what it is to be a person and a human.I think one of the things about this game that I like the most is how genuine the voice acting is. You've got a main character who isn't stoic and actually responds to situations in an appropriate manner which helps you relate to them a lot more. You really feel Simon's pain when things go wrong.Monsters in each level require you to use different tactics in order to evade them, and monsters have different forms and sensitivities which effect how you move around levels. There is a lot of variety in puzzles and level design which keep you from getting bored as well. The developers realized that the monsters make moving around very difficult and designed levels in such a way that you shouldn't spend an hour trying to figure out where to go or what to do, but you don't feel like the game is holding your hand. Things seem pretty straightforward.I'll also mention that the ending made the game for me.Hope this review helped."
,Recommended,282140,22052715,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Xelk,I was looking for a psychological horror game and ended up finding something much better than that: an outstanding sci-fi story that gets more and more interesting as you progress through the game.The combination of those two elements made playing SOMA quite an experience from beginning to end. This is one of my favourite games ever - highly recommended!
76561198035289264,Recommended,282140,22062292,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,psytek,"The game is outstanding.  Gorgeous visually - excellent game mechanics, and a compelling story that should elicit serious thoughts about the nature of being.  Worth every penny.  You will want to play it with the ""Wuss mode"" add-on - getting chased down and killed the first few times added to the excitement - but simply became an annoyance after a while and detracted from the flow of the adventure.  (The ""monsters"" will still chase you occasionally and cause heart-pounding interference with your ""psyche"" - but not dying means not enduring the slow reload times over and over - a much better playthrough.)Highly recommend this game!  I hope to see more by this group."
76561198001983842,Recommended,282140,22097149,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Orion,"Excellent game. Harder to be better than Amnesia, this studio's previous title, but it is. The narrative is much stronger, the environment is much more well realized, the voice acting is very believable, and the themes are much more dreadful. Very evocative, and would not suggest playing alone in the dark if you're the type to really invest yourself in horror games."
76561197970932378,Recommended,282140,22116864,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,johndehope3,"I just finished it. You will either love just about every minute of this game, or interactive fiction isn't your thing. I can't imagine how anyone remotely interested in the gameplay style wouldn't rate this A+. It's mind boggling good. Now I am off to go read all of the spoilers!"
,Recommended,282140,22112586,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,aboutalexander,"If you fall into the audience for this game, then you'll love it. There's some interesting gameplay that is pretty approachable, and some great quirks in the NPCs that made it very enjoyable.But you have to love horror, and science fiction as the game kind of jumps back and forth between a great horror and a great science fiction adventure game. If you're not a fan of one of these you might struggle a little.The story is great. Some really meanignful moments are in there, with some pretty significant choices. Ultimately I don't think the choices necessarily change the outcome of the game, but it will have a fundamental affect on how you feel about your character and the world that they're in. Its a little predictable, but in a pretty satisfying way.Had a few performance issues, even though I run a gaming computer, but they were momentary.My biggest issue was that I could only play for a limited period of time each session because it was actually scary and stressful. Sometimes I was actually relieved to die... interesting experience."
76561198024340939,Recommended,282140,24485537,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pianotamer,"This is possibly the best game I've ever played, with great story and puzzle-solving, and the horror elements only rarely will use a jump scare, instead content to let your fear of the environment and shambling creatures drive you to cower in the corner."
,Recommended,282140,23055805,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Godvernment,"This is a good horror game worthy of playing through. Textures aren't that great, but it is a neat, thought-provoking, story-rich, sci-fi game. Yes, it does make you think about life existentially, but not in a way that is different from most sci-fi games and films questioning what it means to be human and an artificial being. Good story, decent ending, puzzles and adventure await you in SOMA."
76561198295419619,Recommended,282140,30827695,Posted: 29 March,all,ridethisbike,"Just finished this game... I wouldn't normally write a review, but this game is seriously good. The message in this game is intense. Highly recommend. I think it's worth full price, but if you can't afford that, DEFINITELY get it while on sale. I don't regret this purchase at all!!"
,Recommended,282140,24484283,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,robgordo,"Hella good, son"
,Recommended,282140,24530153,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,This game is top notch as far as immersive horror goes.
76561198036515377,Recommended,282140,24497506,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,🐙 FUKBOI 🐙,Amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,282140,24462486,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Quickhakker,damn im not good with scary games but watched a play through of it and OMG
,Recommended,282140,24470719,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,*******,"This game definitely a joy to play. The puzzles are medium to hard, not to mention the creepy creatures that want to kill you. The story is good; the main person you interact with is more, or less a good, or bad person. You have to play to find out!!!"
,Recommended,282140,24501773,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Babooshka,"It's a really deep game. Ha-ha, get it? Oh well, I'll see myself out."
,Recommended,282140,24503417,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,FieryWitherRose,This game asks some important questions. Like if a computer can be both smart and dumb at the same time.
76561198065852315,Recommended,282140,24676182,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,tempest666,Great game and story does keep you guessing.
76561197985272212,Recommended,282140,24665035,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ChicagoChad,"Great story, graphics and gameplay.-no TrackIR-5760x1080 native:k8sad:"
76561197972601991,Recommended,282140,24667852,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Doctor Cloud,in a word - EXCELLENT.
,Recommended,282140,24671351,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,nou 死神,I can't recomend this game enough.
76561197977355858,Recommended,282140,24658079,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Amenophys,"I warmly recommend this game.SOMA is an atmospheric horror-atmosphered sci-fi experience, which has a great story and a solid ending.The atmosphere of the game is comparable to the one of Bioshock, but it has its own design.The voice acting is good, the graphics too, and the universe feels ultra-realistic, with the ability to pick up any item around and with a florishment of details by the level designs.The atmosphere is oppressant when it has to, and the soundtrack is good.Count 12-13 hours, if you are exploring a bit.This is a 9/10 sir!"
76561198019801682,Recommended,282140,24002898,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Novan56,"Pretty good thought-provoking sci-fi story, good bit of running and hiding from monsters, decent amount of puzzle solving, and graphically quite immersive. You start off in present day then the game thrusts you into the future and into a scary underwater facility. It is up to you to find out how you got there, but the worst thing is that you are not alone. If you liked Alien Isolation and Outlast, this game may be right up your alley. Although i find this game to be less intense than either of them, but probably a lot more enjoyable because of that. The game breaks up the intensity by inserting moments where you can explore the game world and solve puzzle in peace. At times the game can even be light-hearted when you interact with the NPCs in the game, other times reflective when the story makes you ponder. Grab it when it is on sale and you won't regret it!"
76561197985887185,Recommended,282140,22495303,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Stian,"This game is amazing. A really positive suprise. The graphics are great, with a lot of details, superb lightning and a fantastic atmosphere. Runs great at 60 fps on a 980ti, except some minor stuttering while loading (rather have that than having to look at a loading screen). The horror elements are ok, but the weakest elements of the overall almost perfect experience. Im still mostly glad its there, except when it stopped me from reading a few notes because I was spotted. The story is so good. I was hooked all the way, and couldnt stop playing. You'll get the basic story through your interaction with your nice companion, Catherine. But a lot of story is also conveied through computer logs, notes and audiologs, as well as the environment and other NPCs. I usually dont like reading stuff in games, and have problem cathing it all that way because I just want to keep on playing. But in this game I found most of it so interesting and building on the world and the people in a meaningful ways, that I happily read everything I could find and was hungry for more. There is also never av wall of text, just bite-sized small chunks, and then you keep on playing.I can't praise this game enough. This is my first ever review on steam. Maybe that says it all. And if you don't like horror games, the horror really is a small part, and I think you should try it anyway, Its really more of a mistery game. The best mistery game I have ever played!"
76561198046525280,Recommended,282140,22492675,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,troubled_offspring,"This game was more of an experience then a game, but one well worth embarking on.  Stick around after the credits for a treat :)"
,Recommended,282140,22493194,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Valithin Drathyr,"Fantastic, even manages to out do Amnesia! Also, i put my clothes and pillow in the oven, game of the year."
76561197975407434,Recommended,282140,22552929,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Rasman,"Great game! Yes it's scary, yes it's tons of stealth (sorry no weapons, you have to be smart to get through it alive) and wow, what really struck me was the story. Long after the scares went away - what happens to the characters was...just really innovative and interesting. I wont spoil it. I would love to play another game in this world. Definitely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,282140,22553106,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Alcator,"Incredible story about some profound topics.If you're afraid this might be too scary, you have 3 options: 1. Use the Wuss MOD to deactivate common enemies, so you will only have to outrun 3 scripted ""runner"" enemies (and those sequences become very easy), or 2. Watch a playthrough on YouTube to sort of ""memorize"" how to get around the monsters, or 3. Read the guide on the monsters, as each type of monsters has specific exploitable weaknesses (like ""cannot hear"" or ""cannot see""), with which you should be able to outsmart them.Graphics are top notch, environments are beautifully designed, story is captivating and convincingly delivered.There's also quite a lot of optional content in the form of diaries, journals, recordings etc., just like in e.g. Bioshock games, which adds to the depth of the story.Note: even with active monsters, this is probably going to take between 6 and 9 hours of play time. I bought it at 40% off and feel like it was definitely worth it."
,Recommended,282140,22551565,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,LemonLoafer,Do you love sci-fi? Do you love horror? Do you love being unfathomably depressed? This is your new favourite game. It's very good and made me feel sad about betraying the trust of multiple robots.
76561198033183961,Recommended,282140,22545867,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Okrum,"One of the best game I have played in years. Thoroughly enjoyed it. It took me about 11 hours to complete. It has a really immersive atmosphere, the plot is amazing and the omnipresent ""sort of"" philosophical theme really gets you to think and adds a little special dimension to the game that I haven't found in any other games I have played recently. The graphics are very good. It might not be the best looking game out there, but the graphics are certainly realistic enough to make you feel as if you are really down there with the main character(s). The great soundtrack and background music also really add to the overall feeling of oblivion throughout  the game. I read some people didn't find it scary (enough)...that it wasn't a horror game as such.....Well, I'd say the atmosphere is quite stressful and I certainly 'jumped' a few times when playing in the dark with headphones on !All in all for me, SOMA is a most excellent game, well worth buying (always nice to support indie games)  and I wish there were more like this one around!"
,Recommended,282140,22547621,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Rosetta stoned,"Good game, happy game."
,Recommended,282140,22559586,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Deathbythee,First game ive finished in a while! Story sucked me right in.
,Recommended,282140,22562215,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Dr. Dank,"I'm not sure how to review this game without spoiling so suffice to say this is a masterpiece of pacing, story and visuals that will make you ponder the most eternal questions of the universe while scaring the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. Play this game.Install the Wuss mode mod if you don't like horror games, although to be honest the atmosphere is mainly what makes the game scary so it might not help much."
,Recommended,282140,22571881,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,drive by cockslapper,"The monsters feel a bit shoehorned in, but the core narrative is solid, the graphics are solid, the voice acting and writing are solid, the level design is solid, and it's all around a really really solid game.The thing that brings this game up from being merely above average to excellent however is the insanely well implemented moral choice system (which I am spoiling none of), and the fact that this game doesn't hand hold whatsoever (which is super important for a horror game).8/10, one of my favorite horror games of the last 5 years and has since earned a spot in my top 5 for 2015."
76561198015401442,Recommended,282140,22530355,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,rharris,"Pros: The story is gripping and had me on the edge of my seat for most of the game. The narrative is personal and thought provoking which really served to immerse me in the experience. The graphics are good and the gameplay solid. What really had me hooked, along with the story, was the atmosphere. The sound is perfect and fits the environment, and the design just serves to tie its all together. I like that you you dont have a a weapon and have to run and find places to hide. I really enjoyed some of the stealth gameplay and puzzles but....Cons: I found myself at times not knowing what was and what wasnt a puzzle. I also found that while the stealth gameplay was tense and and made me jump on more than one occassion, it was buggy and somewhat inconsistent as to what would alert monsters.TL;DR Great story, atmosphere, sound, and level design. Good gameplay and stealth, not great puzzles.9/10"
76561198090444685,Recommended,282140,22563023,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Gimp Batman,"What the game lacks in length, it makes up for in depth."
76561197972118363,Recommended,282140,22565949,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,jp,"Great game. The story, characters, pacing, length, mood, visuals, audio*, creative direction, voice acting, etc. are excellent. I'm sure the game has flaws somewhere. But the overall impression of the game drowns them out.I'll be thinking about this one well after tonight.*The dramatic music that plays to cue the player in on approaching danger that were overly used in Frictional's previous games are kept to a minimum in this game."
,Recommended,282140,22427298,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,doran69,Absolutely fantastic. A must for lost a fan bioshock and stealth horror
76561197967348096,Recommended,282140,22427923,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Stardust,"Genuinely scary, great voice acting and sound design, thought provoking story, and an ending that stayed with me for days. SOMA was for me one of the best games I've ever played. For some the story might be too dark and depressing, for others looking for light entertainment and/or a power fantasy, this might not be the game they are looking for."
76561198123367181,Recommended,282140,22695895,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,webscer,All around amazing game! On my all time top ten list.
,Recommended,282140,22696166,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Jumpy-B-L,Another fantastic Frictional title.  I wish I could wipe my memory of it and play it all over again anew.  I bought it while it was discounted but it's definitely worth $30.
,Recommended,282140,22642248,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,BENJI D,"I honestly loved this game, it has a respectful quality not quantity approach... short enough to be a novelty, but not long enough to become boring. I'm not much into story driven games, but this is interactive enough to feel deeply involved. Definitely makes you think and question life. overall brilliant, wouldn't hesitate to pre purchase ""soma 2"". only negative is anything above 60hz refresh rate is stuttery, like it's just duplicating 2 of the same frames, although 60hz is smooth and pretty enough anyways ;)"
76561198078194125,Recommended,282140,22634606,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,JohnnyOhYeah,Awesome game! Did not have this kind of fun since Alien Isolation. Nice story. Very imersive. Strongly recommend it. One thing tho: i had to activate the subtitles to understand those underwater talking through the game. Maybe it can help you too.
,Recommended,282140,23122539,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lolz_Blobcat,Seriously one of the best games I've ever played in my entire life.
76561198266983104,Recommended,282140,23122930,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,jennyfisher,"I loved it!!!! Frictional games knows how to scare me. I loves the pholosphiy and I loved the fear. Just wish there were more optiions in the game, I felt stuck in the only given path."
76561198032494865,Recommended,282140,23123061,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Babumkin,"Ffirst person survival game with some puzzles thrown in.Sound effects are fantastic, making for a very immersive experience."
,Recommended,282140,23090769,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bacon,This game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.
76561198025024022,Recommended,282140,23019808,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ShupFace,Gameplay is okay. Puzzles/Horror not really my genres. But the story is really good.
,Recommended,282140,23018251,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,brimstone,"This is the best game like this I played.  I mean I played Amensia and liked it, this is even better in my opinion.It was possible to get lost in Amensia (at least if you are me) with the puzzles etc...This one is just more straight story telling and good story telling at that.I really enjoyed it.  A movie would have to cut out parts to provide this story, a book would have to spend a long time trying to create the athmosphere.   This is one of those stories that is perfect as a video game like Half-Life was."
,Recommended,282140,23018558,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Cancer cannot be cured,Beautiful game. One of the best that I have played after half life 2
,Recommended,282140,22991590,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,luneki,"This is one of the best horror games I've ever played.The tension and suspense the game makes you feel, even when you know there are no monsters around is incredible.Frictional have built an incredible atmosphere, the feeling of dread is everywhere. You see the abandoned facilities and together with the voice memos give you the feeling of traveling back, imagining how it was before the events of the game and how all the people coped with it.The best part is the story and themes. Narrative is paced gracefully, no filler or boring tasks, everything you do has a reason and makes you want to continue.As for the themes it's just amazing. There are few games that make you think well beyond the ending, about something as deep as the self, and what makes you, you. I found the way the story handles these themes to be very affecting, it will definitely make you think for a long time,I loved this game, not just as a horror game but an experience."
,Recommended,282140,22988920,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,froggy,A truly great sci-fi story.
,Recommended,282140,23007894,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DJ K3ViN |-/,"""I woke up in my bed today a hundred years ago. Who am I?... Who am I?""This game is appropriately dark and sci-fi-ish, but the game's message is phenominal. What does it mean to be human, and how much can you push those limits and still be considered a human? This game is deep (and I mean deeeeeeeeeeep), and I enjoyed every second of it. It has just the right blend of horror and puzzles to keep anyone engaged and entertained. Oh, you don't like horror games? Psshhhhh... sleep is overrated :)Also,If I killed my old body from my new one, is it considered assisted suicide?"
,Recommended,282140,22989285,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,dantheman213,"This is a very well made game overall that is very thought provoking, entertaining (if you like to learn through exploration), and has some powerful ideas in it. When I encounter an enemy I can't help but pause the game. The effects and behaviors of the enemies and NPCs are extremely creepy and the atmosphere is very tense. The story is really good and you're left on your own to learn about what the heck is going on. Play at night in your room by yourself with headphones on.. if you dare.Pros* Very good story* Atmosphere is wonderful* Excellent graphics* Excellent audio effects* Can pick up just about any object.. slide and move doors and manipulate objects yourself. Great for immersion.* Monsters look creepy and it can be very stressful dealing with them. Effects around monsters are very well done.Neutral* Soundtrack was acceptable, could of been better.* Character development could've been better. I didn't care about the Protagonist as much as I wanted to.* More non-hostile sea life would've been nice.Weird Quirks* Computer monitors, devices, machines, your Omni tool, everything appears to work just fine submerged for long period of time on the ocean floor. Doesn't quite make sense... even if the game is set 89 years in the future.* You're out in the ocean but are unable to swim in any way.. It feels like you're walking on regular ground. How does this make sense?* You can see the sunlight above you on the ocean floor. I won't say why but there is a VERY GOOD REASON due to a major event that happened in the story prior to your arrival why you shouldn't see much or any light above you.* Some of the in-game monitors look like they are CRT (not flat screens) and some of the keycards and memory chips look like giant NES cartridges. It's the year 2104 seems unrealistic, especially for a scifi game.Cons* You're left on your own too much.. a very minimal clue in some puzzle/key areas would've been nice.* Monster behaviors and interactions are kind of weird. It's scary in a stressful way but it loses some effect after you realize that that the monsters can't really kill you and they just knock you down and you remain unconcious in the area and have a chance to escape. Kind of peculiar. I wish the monster AI and way you have to deal with them was better, as well as punishment for being caught. A good idea would've been the monster catching you and doing something crazy to you and you have to mash some button combo to try and escape or something.. being knocked unconcious while it remains in the area just seems a bit lazy because it doesn't make much logical sense. If the monster ran towards me I assume it should start attacking me.. why am I constantly blacking out while the monster just hovers in the area? Why doesn't Akers snap my neck when he catches me?* Monsters always seem to know what area you're in and patrol in a very annoying way potentional causing you to sit there for a long time waiting for it to leave.* Crosshair in the middle of the screen always is very annoying once you realize it is there. Can't disable it without a mod.* The protagonist tries to spoon feed you through story concepts sometimes when it would be better left unsaid so that the player could think about it. Perhaps more subtle dialogue and interactions with the secondary protagonist.* I also felt like the game gave away some really good plot elements just say too early in the game. It would've been kind of cool to be convinced I was an actual person for longer in the game than an hour or so. Because many of the story elements were so obvious it was very predictable to see where the game was going. The story was really good but being spoon fed how the character feels and what he is or is not thinking was kind of hurtful for the progression of the story."
76561198048811765,Recommended,282140,23029111,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,teabreak,"Some quick thoughts on SOMA (no spoilers!)tl;dr: If you are a hardcore horror game fan who wants a scary game for the sake of scariness, SOMA is probably not for you. However, if you are interested in the philosophical themes of the game, it's definitely worth checking out.If you know me, you'll know that I'mnota fan of horror games. Or rather, I've never played one, because I'm such a wuss that I'm pretty much too scared to even play regular FPS games and such (look, there are people shooting at me, that isscary)....That is, until now. I admit that it was a bit of a struggle at times, but nevertheless, I am genuinely glad I faced my fears and decided to play SOMA, as it turned out to be one of the most interesting games I've played... probably ever. When I was a child, I immensely enjoyed reading about philosophy, and found thought experiments about being a brain in a glass jar or a computer simulation or having multiple copies of a person and so on especially intriguing. And now, in SOMA, I have all the favourite philosophical conundrums of my childhood in the form of a ~video game~ which is delightful as frick. In my view, SOMA handles its themes of ""identity, consciousness and what it means to be human"" surprisingly well -  vastly better than I've seen any other video game handle similar issues (although this may not be saying that much). The boundaries between human and machine and the meaning of humanity in general are themes that have been explored a lot in scifi, but I would argue that SOMA is able to add something new to this. Some have criticized the game for throwing too many tropes and concepts at the player, but to me it didn't feel forced. If you like thinking about these kinds of things, you'll probably like this game.In addition to the cool metaphysical concepts, I particularly enjoyed the moral dilemmas presented to the player and the consequences of the player's choices. There were a few moments in the game that particularly resonated with me, and I'm not ashamed to admit that, at least on three separate occasions, I was moved to the point of tears. I'm not going to spoil anything, but these moments were some of the strongest in the game, in my opinion.My main criticism of SOMA would be that at times it feels a little stretched. This has been pointed out by many others, and for a reason: in my opinion, the game could have done without most of the parts where the player is chased by monsters, since they start to feel slightly repetitve and, after a certain point, don't really add that much to the story. The game is definitely at its most interesting during the quieter, more reflective moments. However, this is a pretty minor criticism, and I have to concede that as much as they made me a frightened wreck, the horror game elements and mechanics are there for a reason. SOMA is not a horror game for horror's sake - rather, the horror of facing monsters ties in with the general existential dread of facing reality. Another relatively minor criticism is that there were some issues the game could have done a better job exploring. This is a very subjective thing, but I personally would have liked to see some anthropocentric ideas challenged more - both in terms of human attitudes towards robots and AI, and in terms of asking whether human survival is actually something that should be pursued. SOMA does not really question the view that the existence/survival of humankind is and should be considered an intrinsic value, which is a shame. Still, there's only so much you can realistically expect from a game, and the themes that SOMA decides to tackle are explored well. It's not a perfect game, but goddamit, it immersed me so completely, made me think about things and, more importantly, ~~feel things~~ in such a way that it will probably have a special place in my heart for a long time."
,Recommended,282140,22961827,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kitten,"This game really puts the idea of AI into perspective, the type of stuff that I've been asking in my head for awhile now. What if transfering concious was real? Would it still be you? This game and its choices will make you feel strongly for its ideals and characters. It will make you question how our future, machines, conciousness, AIs, and so much more. Even if our future is not going to be the way the game shows, it all really makes you think. It's not just a horror game, it's a revelation.10/10"
76561198095346738,Recommended,282140,22980467,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,fabstalicious,"Wow, what an absolute mind♥♥♥♥ - beautifully done. I have to say that this game opens up a lot of questions towards life.I'm happy I finished it; the WOW really taunts you, scary af."
76561198052842298,Recommended,282140,27360366,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wirvine,"See, I often come across very story-driven games, and often assume that it's one of those games that tries too hard to come up with a good story, and ends up crashing down.ThisIsNotOneOfThoseGames.This is a horror game, don't get me wrong. And it does a brilliant job at actually creating an atmosphere in which you'll actually feel unnerved and a bit scared, rather than just putting in jumpscares in various places. But in my opinion, the amount of times that you'll get that scared are minimal when compared to the amount of times when you'll go ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥..this is incredible..."". I love it when a game changes the way you think about reality in a new way, so as you can imagine, this game knocked my socks off. I mean, I found myself playing this game at 2:00 AM at one point in time. And it's a HORROR GAME. If this were any other horror game, then I would be happy to just leave it and go on with my day. But this game's story is so incredible and awesome that I couldn't help but play more.In case you didn't have time to read all that, it basically said ""This game's story is incredible, and although it's a horror game with an actually scary atmosphere, the story is what's really gonna make you keep playing.Is it worth $29.99, though? Well, the game will probably take you about 15 hours to beat. Probably less if you've already seen someone play it and/or are moving through it relatively fast. But those 15 hours will be worth it. Although the price is rather high for a horror game, i'd say it's completely worth every cent"
,Recommended,282140,27254338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Labfiend,"A game that has truly stuck with me.  Go in blind, read no more about it.  Enjoy the ride."
76561198050289890,Recommended,282140,27383522,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anime_Squidward,"If you played Penumbra, this is basically its older brother with beefed up graphics. Great story telling, great graphics, great sound, great atmosphere overall. It's done so well that there will be moment where you will be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bricks. Not all the time, but sometimes.Overall, this game is a great experience. Makes you question a few things. The steam workshop is pretty good as well, so there will be many hours of fun for this game.9.5/10 Would scan myself and put myself in an existential crisis again."
,Recommended,282140,24070971,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CeleryMan4D3D3D3,"This game brought me into their world and made me feel exactly what they wanted me to feel. I felt fear, chills, guilt, remorse, panic, loneliness, and heartache. I want a sequel so damn bad. Also made me comtemplate my own existence. A little more than what I expected."
76561198002351215,Recommended,282140,27352442,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,smurf0141,one word AMAZING game
,Recommended,282140,27351317,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Canadian_Bacon,"Existential Horror. Like really, while the gameplay and atmospheric aspects are great, this game has some dark and disturbing existential twists."
,Recommended,282140,27356073,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ノア,The most immersive SciFi experience possible
76561198158873637,Recommended,282140,22571092,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Dicethrower,Playing this game is going to give you an awesome experience. The atmospher is really good and the theme is really cool!
76561198011266198,Recommended,282140,26933238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brighty,A really good storyline
,Recommended,282140,27332961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mwahagga,Easily one of the best games of 2015.
,Recommended,282140,27304550,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scuderia47,"It will keep you in suspense the whole time, but you will want to continue playing just for the sake of the brilliant story."
,Recommended,282140,27311095,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☽ sølar wǐnd ☾,"I'm not a great fan of horror games, but this one impressed me so much...Actually, i'm very interested in idea of human cyborgization and often think about what human being is, and what will human progress bring to us.So, this game had put me in a very unusual conditions. Through the game you realize what a human soul might be IRL, and what is it worth of. Everything won't be the same after thisapocalypse, however you were given a chance to save us. Not our society. Everyone is dead for more than 100 years and you are almost alone in this digital hell, and the only thing you can do is to save human ideas, not the humanity itself[/spoiler].Atmosphere full of despair, and this really makes you think what is really important in this world."
,Recommended,282140,27219923,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShadowStep707,"This game is very creepy, but also completely mind blowing. The story is fantastic!"
76561198110936505,Recommended,282140,27232968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Erazihel,One of the deepest game I've ever played. The story line is just amazing. I felt empty inside when I finished it.. :(
76561198031732492,Recommended,282140,27287769,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RampaZir,"This game is an unexpectedly awesome surprise.In a nutshell: a mix betweenHL2andBioshock, with very well written characters, thrilling atmosphere, twisted storyline (although very linear), limited but efficient gameplay. It is a movie where you sometimes get to make meaningful moral choices for your character.This game can make you think a lot if you put your heart (and mind) in it, a scarce commodity these days."
76561198007390915,Recommended,282140,27291644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,iMintz,Great atmosphere and an awesome cerebral story! It's so gripping that I played all 9 hours in just 2 sittings.
,Recommended,282140,27298314,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sir Deagle,"Compared to Penumbra series and Amnesia The Dark Descent, SOMA lacks the puzzles but delivers more story telling. The game offers nice spooks and an interesting sci-fi setting."
,Recommended,282140,27279361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Isaac Clarke,This game crashed... my brain.
,Recommended,282140,18276363,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,FateGuy,"I'll make it quick, as I feel my human brain can't go into deeper explaination right now, but I really want to write down my own review as soon as possible! To me, this is Frictional Games' best game so far. And I say that as someone who already loved Amnesia to death! I can't believe how great SOMA is!It's all about the story and the player's contemplation. Patience is advised; it's a slow build up.Get yourself some free time, a quiet, dark room, grab your headphones and let SOMA capture you.I guess, it's a Bonus if you enjoy Sci-Fi storys like Blade Runner, UBIK, Neuromancer, Matrix or even Alien(not because of the Alien, but the androids).Dixie Flatline would be proud!Edit, November 2016:It's been over a year since I've completed SOMA and I'm still thinking about it on a regular basis. I just can't wrap my head around all the events that happened. It's hard to believe how a computer-game can have such an impact. And I doubt there will be a game like this in the near future! At least if it's not coming from Frictional Games. Guys, whatever you do next... I'm sooo looking forward to it!"
,Recommended,282140,27303809,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Belgianwaffles-san,"A review for my favorite horror game of all time.SOMA is a game that takes the feeling of being helpless and afraid and just stretches it beyond understanding. It amazes me how no matter where it is I am fearful of something popping out. Even in the beginning I was paranoid. It makes a great use of it's atmosphere and preys on a fear called ""Thasslophobia"" which is fear of the ocean or deep water. I greatly have this fear as do many other people, so the developers made damn sure to use this fear to their advantage. Just the thought of them putting me in the deep ocean, it attracted me like moth to a flame. The graphics are astounding and it really uses the bloom effect well. The enemies are literal creatures of nightmares and fear. Much like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, Frictional Games have out done themselves with this amazing game. I do hope to see more like this by them. It really makes up for A Machine for Pigs."
,Recommended,282140,27742697,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jalorn,"SOMA is a powerful existential experience, despite its stale run-and-hide mechanics."
,Recommended,282140,27554594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Quizzical Pixel,"SOMA's story and the questions it raised about human consciousness terrified me more than its gameplay did. It left me feeling disturbed in a way no other horror game has, yet felt dragged down by the manotiny of it's monster encounters. Take those sequences away, and you're left with an exceptionally intelligent and provocative exploration of what it means to be human."
,Recommended,282140,27991722,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KaksNullFem,very good. 10/10
76561198001355602,Recommended,282140,31281855,Posted: 21 April,all,★♫★☾❤,Game got me scared here and there. Overall a good buy although a longer game would of been NycI played Without Hints on and Game only took 11 hours.
76561198108614873,Recommended,282140,31281818,Posted: 21 April,all,Avocado,Awesome game!Scariness: 7/10Plot: 9/10Ending: 10/10Do I recommend this game?Hell yeah!
76561198150793506,Recommended,282140,31287578,Posted: 21 April,all,Tom Clancy,One of my best horror games i've ever played my whole life
,Recommended,282140,31283933,Posted: 21 April,all,{T.WW}Maximus Galatis,"I...I Don't know what to say.First off, there are only a very few handpicked games I would put at the top 10.I am not a fan of horror games, but this...Questioning what you are in this universe. What all this mean.I highly recommend this game for everyone.Truely a masterpiece for years to come. 10/10"
76561198139827152,Recommended,282140,31258277,Posted: 20 April,all,Leo1573,"omfg, one of the best science fiction story i have ever ''read''"
,Recommended,282140,31288206,Posted: 21 April,all,EmpQreR,Cool game a bit confusing for me :(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlaG9niaAW8
76561198338744021,Recommended,282140,31292152,Posted: 22 April,all,Deuces,"Ok, so I normally dont write reviews for games, but this game definitely warrented one. If you like games with a rich atmosphere, well written story, and characters that you can latch onto, then this game is for you. It is a pretty short game. I finished it in8 hours and took my time with it. I feel like i really searched all the nooks and crannies of the game, reading all the documents, and listening to all the audio logs. searching all the rooms for anything interesting etc. It still only took me 8 hours or so to complete it.I would say that it is definitely worth your time if you want a good story with some gameplay attached. Im totally happy with the $10 i threw at this game.if i had to give it a rating i would give it a solid 7/10, but im pretty harsh on games."
76561197966632480,Recommended,282140,31292071,Posted: 22 April,all,That Vaporeon from Silent Hill,"I was hoping for something similar to amnesia, but it was a huge step up. Really fantastic game if you are into horror and sci-fi. Especially if you like Frictional's other work, check this game out, it's really fantastic. The atmosphere in this game is top notch, as well as the story, enemy design, locations, music.I don't know what else to say It's a very solid game, I can't think of anything I didn't like about it other than the story being pretty depressing.To go into a bit more detail for those unaware exactly what style of game Soma is, you mostly walk around and explore in First Person. Soma is not to be confused with a walking simulator, it has a lot of puzzles and heavy focus on horror like many of frictional's other work.It has enemies, but no combat. You deal with oppenents by running and hiding rather then fighting. This has a very strong effect on most players, as being defenseless really does makes monsters more frightening. As a long time player of horror games I'm pretty desensitized to most of the tropes, but this game really had me on edge and genuinely unnerved me at times.tl:dr : A truly fantastic sci-fi horror game, and an enormous step forward from Frictional's previous titles."
76561197971764517,Recommended,282140,31270200,Posted: 21 April,all,ZenJelly,"Alright, I don't normally leave reviews. In fact this is my first review ever for a game, but SOMA has left me little choice. So far I'm only six hours into the game, but it's hands down one of the best, if not the best story driven game I've ever played. The AI is a tiny bit wonky and some of the physics for manipulation get to be a pain, but the story is amazing. If you really take the time to explore a little and read and talk to some of the things you encounter than it drags you into the game in ways that don't happen very often. The atmosphere is very tense and you never really know what's going to happen. I really do recommend this game to anyone who might want a break from playing Action Oriented games and just want to focus on a good story, like being dragged into a book."
,Recommended,282140,31270429,Posted: 21 April,all,coffeecherry,amazing story; worth playing for atmosphere and narrative alone
76561198011486091,Recommended,282140,31278482,Posted: 21 April,all,Mr. Plinkett,Existential Crisis: The Video Game
76561198025749145,Recommended,282140,31265072,Posted: 20 April,all,ObeseDuck,No combat but one hell of a story.
,Recommended,282140,31265886,Posted: 20 April,all,[F]inAlly,wow!
76561198336250173,Recommended,282140,31266293,Posted: 20 April,all,Actinium28,"Just got done playing. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Where do I begin?This game ♥♥♥♥ed with me. Like, really hard. Not only did Frictional Games make SOMA scarier than Amnesia, but it got scarier the more I progressed through the game. I didn't even think that was possible, and what I think helped that greatly was the world building.SOMA does a wonderful job conveying a sense of helplessness and confusion when you start out. You wake up in this alien environment and you have absolutely no idea where you are, what's going on, how anything works, and you end up having thoughts like ""What's this? What's that? What does this button do? Should I press that? Where the heck am I going?""Another thing that contributes to how SOMA does a great job at making you feel like you're in the future is it's sound design. Now, I'm an absolute nerd when it comes to attention to detail and BOY does SOMA's sound design have plenty of it. Have you ever thrown a power drill or a wrench in real life? It doesn't just make a single sound, it makes a new sound every time part of it hits the ground. SOMA's sound design pretty much nails it to a T, and I've yet to see a game go to such great lengths to replicate that kind of realism.When you're not throwing power wrenches around, the environment you're in is always bustling with noise. There's never a true moment of silence in SOMA. The place you're walking through could be old and you'll constantly hear the building settling. Sometimes you might hear a loud noise and you'll get startled, or footsteps that are not your own, meaning that a monster might be following. Speaking of monsters...I feel like the monsters are easily one of the scariest parts of the game. But of course they're supposed to be scary! They're monsters! They chase you all over the place and want to kill you!NO.These monsters are legitimately ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying. To bring up sound design again, the gargles, moans and groans these monsters emanate make them sound truly horrific. I'm never gonna forget the first time I encountered The Construct and tried to hide from it as it wandered around my area, stuttering, buzzing and making all sorts of malfunctioning noises while doing so.Each of these monsters seem to have a specific mechanic tailored to them, and while I'm not going to spoil anything about them, I will say that I felt something along the lines of unsettling accomplishment when I figured out how they work. But believe me, they managed to induce all sorts of feelings for me. Fear, panic, anxiety, worry, stress and... Admittedly frustration at a few points. While I love this game, the monster encounters do tend to get a little irritating. Especially if you wanna get on with the story.I won't say anything about the story. I feel like you need to experience the game itself to truly understand what it's about. Just prepare to be mind♥♥♥♥ed several times throughout.All in All, SOMA is a fantastic game and definitely Frictional Games' best game to date. I can't wait to see what they put out next."
76561198111196803,Recommended,282140,21143088,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Ðąniel,Touching story bro.
,Recommended,282140,21151774,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,DeputyRawDog,"One of the greatest stories I've ever experienced. This isnt a game, its a virtual phenomenon."
76561197972359591,Recommended,282140,21190892,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Failboat,"Great game:- Very atmospheric (more oppressive rather than jump-scarey)- Clever storyline- Good use of mechanics (I didn't have to look up a walkthrough for anything, ever)My only complaint is the places where you have a plot choice to make aren't especially clear, but this may be due to my being accustomed to WoW and other RPGs that lead you by the nose."
,Recommended,282140,21194317,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,fade_,Amnesia Dark Descent with a sci-fi twist.  Very immersive and although the game is scary there really is no penalty for death which I think would have made it even more scary.  That being said I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The story will have you asking yourself questions about existence and reality that you might have never thought about.
,Recommended,282140,21193838,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Poppakrub,"Great game. Plays like a novel. The story has the depth of half-life, whereas the gameplay is that of Amnesia.It's not one of those silly games where you die all the time and restart at the checkpoint. When I think it's game over one second, the next second I'm back up and running, or it was meant to happen and I can move on. Never did I once have to restart to a checkpoint, save, or even die (game logic wise). Plus; there are some good puzzles that can be tough to get around, and there are no glowing objects or stupid hints telling you exactly what to do, the game is designed in such a way that you can go with your gut, and you'll probably end up doing the right thing to go the right way.Highly recommend this to anyone who wants a good spooky adventure game that doesn't hold your hand or last 2 hours (lasts at least 8 hours). Not only is the gameplay and graphical fidelity spot on, it makes you think about life in general, and is quite a philisophical adventure indeed. It is something you'll want to play all the way to the finish, even if many parts are really tough to beat (which is good of course).If it's on sale, get it, you get all of your money's worth and then some."
,Recommended,282140,18465353,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,NOVAx100,"Having played through this game twice, I can't say enough good things about it. This is a heavy atmospheric game that plays on a psychological question between human and machine. I'd say it's a mild-horror and it doesn't involve any over-the-top puzzles. The game is creepy-as-f**k with the story to back it up. The world is interactive and you can find various notes and pictures throughout the game which play into the story and add to the richness. There's enough to do and enough going on at any given moment that you shouldn't find yourself lost in a level confused.Huge warning: If you're an empathetic person, this game is going to mess with you emotionally. It'll probably make you question life.What an amazing game. I'm extremely impressed. I haven't wanted to replay a game for quite some time, as I usually just move on to the next game as I complete it or get bored. I'll be going through this game a couple more times at least.PLEASE MAKE MORE GAMES AS GRIPPING AS THIS!!"
,Recommended,282140,21131692,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,[Tiger Mafia] Dan the Man,"Stargate SH-1 S.1 Ep. 18 ""Tin Man""""You will see it is...better!"" -Harlan"
,Recommended,282140,21162340,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Seroto-9,"Atmospheric and complex, Soma is less of a game and more of an interactive movie, but that’s not a criticism.What I love about Frictional is their creation of heavy, industrial equipment and machinery. Like Alien:Isolation (but better!) they present convincing, tactile and solid tech so well - every hatch and switch is a work of art. This is backed-up by equally convincing sound design.It’s creepy and claustrophobic without getting too frantic, and the story pulls you along affectionately, despite the fact that the lead character is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like other reviewers who have complained about it’s “what’s is it to be human?” cod-philosophy, it’s way too heavy-handed, but the excellent voice acting of the supporting cast makes up for it. And it’s not as bad as Bioshock(s).One irritation: for some reason, the developers felt they needed to give your “head” the height of about a metre from the ground - not the adult height most of us are used-to. I kept thinking I was accidentally crouching.Overall, best Frictional game yet, out of many good ones. Recommended to anyone who doesn’t like guns..."
,Recommended,282140,21164861,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Red,"I...♥♥♥♥ING...LOVED IT!!!I strongly recommend buying this game! One of the best games I have ever played!!You'll♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants in some parts but its ok. The music, the setting, the atmosphere is just so b-e-a-utiful!10 outta ♥♥♥♥ing 10"
76561197962207436,Recommended,282140,30700493,Posted: 24 March,all,NA,Death is merely a discontinuation of consciousness.
,Recommended,282140,21354169,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jacklarkin,Yes. This is a must play. The story is great and the visuals are wonderful
76561198052756667,Recommended,282140,21355345,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,AlphaCureButt,"I like, yes."
76561197999471542,Recommended,282140,21173686,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dragos Ra,"Awesome game. Everything is interactive, including all computers and machines, many of the puzzles are about computer stuff, which I like. Very scary sometimes. Mostly exploring and enjoying the scenery.I found the following  bugs:- The first loading screen is a bit scrambled.- It's impossible to make screenshots: all screenshots are entirely scrambled.- On the way to Tau I was supposed to swipe the Omnitool but nothing happened which makes it impossible to continue. The workaround is to load an earlier save before the descent and walk the path to Tau entirely again. Maybe it has to do with swiping the omnitool too fast after you picked it up after the descent (wait for it to go down first)."
76561198027589677,Recommended,282140,21290685,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Traff9800,"This game will make you ask the question. What is humanity? This game is the love child of bioshock, slenderman, and and alien isolation."
76561198141376588,Recommended,282140,21221438,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mephiston,"what an incredible experience. this game is one of the few that ive ever played that really made me think differently about things. like what is it that makes us human? what i took from it more than anything is that your perception outlines youre reality. where you are and what you identify with in your immediate surroundings. id never really thought about this kind of stuff. its an intelligent video game, which cannot be said for most. its about the atmosphere, the story, the discovery of who you really are and why this has happened to you. few games have captivated me like soma did. if you havent played it yet, and youre a fan of this kind of game, i would recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,282140,21241027,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dr. Bones,"At first I thought that the monsters and robots would be what i feared. in the end it was acctually the existential crisis and realization of just how finite and meaningless my current existence is...Thanks frictional...jokes aside, I was curious as to how this game would turn out. Amnesia:TDD is easily in my top 10 games. Frictional has once again affirmed that they know exactly what they are doing by delivering an expirience which is creepy, scary, a most of all haunting, as it left me with a very real fear that wasn't from the monsters or enviroment."
76561197970298913,Recommended,282140,21274641,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,HAVOC122mm,"You are helpless, slow, weak and have nothing to fight back with, so you just hide, wait and hope you don't die. Frustrating"
76561198008266067,Recommended,282140,21397492,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Jaccro,"Awesome game, really awesome. I really really enjoyed and recommended."
76561197995656773,Recommended,282140,21393979,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Foreignpanda,"Soma is more than just a terrifying horror game. Soma manages to craft a unique and well thought out story, unlike any game I’ve seen thus far. Knowing that this game was developed by Frictional Games I could expect what kind of horror game I was going to be playing. What I did not expect however were themes of humanity, and existentialism that really had me thinking about this title for hours after having put it down.I would recommend this title to anyone that likes a dense story to sink their teeth into, granted they could endure one of the most frightening games on the market."
76561198110584690,Recommended,282140,21376587,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kitt Fox,"Amazing deep story,alright gameplay, though the monsters might be a tad unessacary"
,Recommended,282140,20382690,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Whisper,"I really really liked that game.I dont have anything bad for the game, for this price is a must have game.The releteavly short game....10\12 hours of gameplay is actually perfect for this type of games.If it was like 23-25 hours it would have bekome boring .But for 12 hours of gameplay was a perfect 10 out of 10 for me."
,Recommended,282140,32656146,Posted: 22 June,all,Icy Fresh Werewolf,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,282140,32687780,Posted: 23 June,all,«ÅÐ|\/|￬ℕ»white ʂkag,"Havent finished it yet, but super into this game. Very good story. I like the first person minus the shooter. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,32798814,Posted: 25 June,all,Delicious Pie,"Holy crap you need to play this game now!Gameplay is just moderately challenging, but you are playing because of the amazing story and the even more amazing voice overs. It's like playing an awesome sci-fi thriller film.This was a treat to play, thank you very much devs!"
,Recommended,282140,32714783,Posted: 24 June,all,Get Schwifty,10/10 definitely made me question humanity and what it means to be alive.
76561198114666072,Recommended,282140,32729079,Posted: 24 June,all,bundasensi,"Fantastic game, really enjoyed playing this and cannot recommend it highly enough. Reminded me in some ways of the film 'Event Horizon'. Great atmosphere, graphics, sound, voice acting and above all a really engaging story. As some have mentioned the monsters are really a side issue. Personally I don't think they add much to the game and think the game would have been better served and even more creepy if they were just 'there' instead of interacting with you. So, I recommmend using the mod to disable them. I found that half way through and wish I'd found it sooner to be honest and played the whole game like that as you can just take it all in and the story and atmosphere is strong enough without any need for avoiding monsters. It was no less scary once they were disabled."
,Recommended,282140,32772029,Posted: 25 June,all,Netto,"Very good writing and voice acting, the only problem with this game is the presence of unnecessary stealth horror elements, like hiding from monster while you can only run and hide, it's getting pretty boring as majority of horror games are in the same vein. I wanted to see the story and explore, so those hiding and running moments♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, and it's not a scary game, so don't buy it if you only want to be scared and not do plot stuff like, reading everything and listening to recording, because actually this is what this game is all about, the story with forced horror stealth."
,Recommended,282140,32822967,Posted: 26 June,all,CzapkaKloszarda,Bardzo pozytywnie zaskoczony jednak nie bez minusow. Najmocniejsza strona SOMY to umieszczona w grze fabula. Historia jest tak dobra i tak interesujaca ze gracz przeszukuje kazda dziure w w celu odszukania wszelkich zapisanych dzieninkow. Czytalem wszstko co sie da. Kazdy dziennik kazda notatka kazdy VideoLog kazda biografie. Doslowie wszystko co bylo w stanie mi bardziej naswietlic sytuacje podwodnego osrodka badawczego. Po odbyciu ponad 10godzinnej przygody gra az prosi sie o dodatek. Pozostaje niedosyt i ciekawosc dalszych lub poprzedzajacych wydarzen. To znowu sprawia iz giera bardzo dobrze nadaje sie na wydanie sequela. Grafika w podwodnym swiecie prezentuje sie wysmienicie. Otaczajacy swiat jest pieknie wykreowany. Dzwiek jest dobry lecz nieco chaotyczny. Bardzo dobry klimat powoduje iz gracz ma ochote brnac dalej i dalej az w koncu okazuje sie ze na ukonczenie giery wystarcza zaledwie 10godzin. Szkoda...Na minus moge jedynie dac drobne utrudnienia w orientacji w terenie. Prosty najzwyklejszy kompas sporo by ulatwil. Daje sie to we znaki zwlaszcza podczas wedrowki poza osrodkiem w przestworzach oceanu. Innym minusem choc w sumie takim niekoniecznym to fakt iz gra jest otagowana jako horror. Powiedzmy sobie szczerze... To nie jest horror. To jest thriller i nic wiecej.
76561198031572827,Recommended,282140,32975106,Posted: 28 June,all,UberMensch,"This game has a deep story that makes you think about your reality. I give this game a good rating although i dont like the gameplay. Soma deliveres a great story but not my kind of gameplay but that isn't the dev's fault. I kept waiting to receive a weapon or something to deal with enemies and can't stand the run and hide gameplay, but the story kept me going. I feel like this would make a good movie but i prefer games to be more satisfying when it comes to dealing with enemies and having no weapons or inventory was just dry feeling. I didnt expect this to play like DOOM or anything but the hollow emptyness will get to you (which is the point)."
,Recommended,282140,32966344,Posted: 28 June,all,NoTears,"Wow. That game was a great experience. Might be one of the best games I have ever played in my life in terms of story. Never have I played a game so thought provoking and ethically questioning. If you like games with good stories, it's best that you just jump right into this game without knowing anything about it. Don't even look at the screenshots or trailer if you haven't already. Because that will maximize the full experience for you. I have no complaints. The game is absolutely incredible. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,33016907,Posted: 29 June,all,Candi,"Pros:Immersive game mechanicsGood PuzzlesBeautifully creepy environmentsUnique storyCons:Lack-luster story climaxUnrelatable charactersThe game ""tries"" to make the player feel emotionally involved with by creating a ""moral"" delima within the story. This did not strike my fancy, or seem like much of a moral delima. However, the game insisted on punching the player in the face with this ""moral"" delima repeatedly. After a while it just felt forced. The story is unique, but so-so on the scale of greatness. Recommended for scares, immersive environments and cool puzzles. Still a good game to pick up, especially if you Amnesia."
,Recommended,282140,32999729,Posted: 29 June,all,Sir Nicholas,It's about 5am and I just finished this game.Holy.♥♥♥♥ing.♥♥♥♥♥♥Honestly one of the most frightening experiences of my entire life with one of the best told stories I have ever had the joy of living in a video game.I will remember this game for the rest of my life.10/10
,Recommended,282140,33013059,Posted: 29 June,all,Rullex,"Bought this game during the steam summer sale 2017, and haven't looked back at my purchase at all. I even stopped playing Dota 2 for this game!This game has an atmosphere that is uncomparable to any other story-driven game, and personally i am confident in that this game is the best single-player currently available.The story was clear, understanding and keeping up with the different logs and clues you run into was easy. Puzzles doesn't keep you stuck in the same part, and the gameplay is always keeping you on the edge.I vouch for this game like no other."
76561198044923621,Recommended,282140,33015961,Posted: 29 June,all,SpenceBot,"Unbelievable experience. The story here is truly one of the best I have played in a very long time. Without spoiling anything, this game will make you think and it will keep you absolutely hooked until the end. Cannot recommend enough. However, the performance issues are annoying at times, although, it didn't detract from the overall gameplay very much. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,33020660,Posted: 29 June,all,Jackmya91,"I am used to FPS so it was frustrating to not be able to fight back against the monsters at first...but later you got used to it. The graphics are great, animation of people a tiny bit outdated, but all in all beautiful game and still gives a thrill! The story line was also well done, the user feels satisfied at the end."
,Recommended,282140,33088275,Posted: 1 July,all,yk89031,Fantastic game that will keep you on the edge and present some existencial ideas for deeper thoughts that will stay with you long after you finished the game.
76561197968470373,Recommended,282140,33095473,Posted: 1 July,all,Oscar,"Very good story. Worth giving it a try. I installed the wuss-mod, because the story is good enough without the attacking monsters. Best spend hours in a long time."
76561198090113743,Recommended,282140,33102134,Posted: 1 July,all,Skollx07,I noped out so hard I need a legit Soma...
,Recommended,282140,32966653,Posted: 28 June,all,Kasde,10/10
,Recommended,282140,18388772,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Minty,"Extremely well done. Keeps a very claustrophobic, unescapable atmosphere.The story is extremely interesting and messes with you as it's also quite disturbing."
76561198089784651,Recommended,282140,33083199,Posted: 1 July,all,WallRider,Masterpiece.
76561198257451452,Recommended,282140,20551305,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,artimusstache,"A horrific look into a time old question, what is a consciousness? what does it mean, What is it worth, or is all just meta data logged in some server room?This game has its faults, few that they may be. Although more than likely these will be swept under the metaphorical rug do to thought provoking story, its pacing the almost complete environmental immersionThe only knock on this game that is almost a compliment in its own way: I want to be able to read every bit of text, listen to every tape, and gaze down every gloomy hallway, anything that builds on the already existing world that has already grabbed my attention. that is not always possible do to the games run and hide mechanics.All in all a highlight of this 2015 gaming to be sure.  Double dare you to play with headphones. >:)"
,Recommended,282140,20520100,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,bakabrice,10/10
,Recommended,282140,20713192,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mentaur,"Just finished this game. Wow. The first half of the game I played perfectly at 21:9 aspect - thanks devs for sorting that. The second half I played in nVidia 3D Vision with headphones (download the patch fromhttp://helixmod.blogspot.co.uk/)and that was just an incredible experience. The atmosphere in this game is very immersive, and the sound design is a massive part of that. Headphones are a must unless you want your neighbours to complain about the racket.I found Amnesia just too intense and dark, and couldn't bring myself to play past the 'invisible water monster' section. The story and gameplay design of SOMA is more confident and it doesn't have any real jump scares that I remember. There's no doubt it gets pretty intense and perilous, but the tension comes from you and how you play as much as the monsters. Indeed the 'monsters' are cleverly designed in that the closer you are to them the more your vision is corrupted which really amps up your blood pressure. That might have been in Amnesia too - I'd need therapy to unlock my memories of what I played of that game.So the story. This is really quite something. The Chris Nolan film 'The Prestige' has always haunted me because of the final twist I shouldn't reveal, and SOMA riffs on that too in a very thought-provoking way. A well-deserved winner of Giant Bomb's Story of the Year Award 2015.Anyway you should play this. Gameplay-wise it's a simple movement plus mouse left/right click setup with crouch and run. The good old days. It's an adventure game rather than an action game, but it is more interactive than a walking-simulator. Really well made.This game has also inspired me to get back and finish The Talos Principle."
76561197960696471,Recommended,282140,20549248,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Hansenhaus,"I don't have much to add to what other positive reviews are saying. The game is one of the best I've played in long time. My favortie games of all are time are Half Life 1/2, Metro and Alien Isoation. This game manages to tap into all the best aspects fo those games and was very satisfying.  The atmosphere is deeply immersive, the story is gripping and the tense moments are well paced but leave time to explore as well. This game is a steal at the regular price and a no brainer when on sale. If you enjoyed Alien Isolation you will enjoy this game as well.My compliments to the developers for making this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,282140,20617458,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,nikomonogatari,"Very nice atmosphere, the story and how it handles the implications of the scenarios presented to you is fantastic. My only gripe is that I feel like at times, the ""monsters"" detracted from the exploration. For a game so heavily set on allowing you to piece together what happened yourself, it's hard to do that in certain sections when you've got some energy ghost ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t up on your♥♥♥♥♥Overall, though, I loved the game"
76561198211443484,Recommended,282140,20656962,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,scottdharris85,"I adore science fiction and horror as genres. If you have the same taste this game will reach you on a personal level. It is fascinating, disturbing, and intellectually stimulating. Some parts are a bit plodding and do not have much to offer besides a sense of lonliness, but the good parts will stay with you."
76561197961775719,Recommended,282140,26052824,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DrunkMonk,Wow!  Best sci-fi movie ever!  20 hours of pure adventure in a plausible future scenario.  I coudln't stop looking for little scraps of papers or recordings to get most of the backstory.
,Recommended,282140,26030035,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Aviya,"Speaking as huge horror game fan, I can say that I've been around the scene for a long while. I've dipped my toe into a wide range of creepy ponds and SOMA was something much different from any other pond. I will admit that I didn't know what to expect when entering into SOMA. I am not a fan of previous Frictional games. But right away I saw that SOMA was something special. The creepy factor alone is off the charts. That ""look over your shoulder"" feeling never leaves you from start to finish. Surprisingly, there were even some emotional moments that found you along the way. It goes without me saying that the visuals are something spectacular, but that wasn't even the most impressive bit. The story is the center piece of this game, the glimmering prize of it all. I'd highly recommend that horror fans play this game. It is without a doubt a staple in the horror genre!9/10My full playthrough can be found on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNAw05Aeb8I"
76561197970844278,Not Recommended,282140,24556145,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,KyneLust,"Steam bootstrapper killer simulator.Game could crash Steam and your PC!2016 october still broken.Dont buy it's not worth it, only if your a PC restart/reset fetishist.Worst game engine they should have eternal shame for releasing this technical abomination."
76561197962958937,Recommended,282140,25932305,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CTSamurai,"I loved every minute of this game.  Great, immersive atmosphere with very interesting philosophical questions of what it means to be alive and human.  I highly reccomend this."
,Recommended,282140,25933873,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cadaver Maintenance,"9/10Wow, what a game. I haven't been so drawn into a game that I sat and played it very nearly from start to finish in a single sitting in a few years. I can't even remember the last time I did that (Halo 3? Maybe?). SOMA is a hell of a smart horror game that deserves to be played by self-respecting sci-fi and horror fans.Strengths:-Script is excellent, smart, and actually bothers to circle back around and deal with the deeper issues raised by the plot's premise-Frictional absolutely nailed the atmosphere and the tension-Balances the creeping, gruesome horror with moments of reflective awe, humor, and genuine optimism in a way that very few horror games are even conscious of, let alone attempt, and they do it really well-It doesn't overstay its welcome (it's short enough to feel you're progressing constantly, but long enough to tell its story; no artificially inserted last act, ala Alien: Isolation)-The cast isn't just flavor text; even the dead ones are still around, in a myriad of creepy, threatening, and horrible ways-Voice acting is very well castWeaknesses:-The Amnesia-style hide-and-seek with enemies is a bit tired, and even though there are only ten or so instances of actual monster-based threat in the game, I think the game would have done better with even fewer.-Those instances are often bogged down by some ponderously slow puzzles, just enough so that it got on my nerves and I noticed-The game's way of letting you know you're hurt really bothered my eyes; when you get hit by an enemy, your vision sort of separates or blurs into an RGB (think analog cables), as if your screen isn't tracking right. Though heal points are scattered pretty liberally thoughout the game, there were times where I wandered with that headache inducing splay for 10-15 minutes, eventually invoking some mild headaches.-Protagonist's voice actor is just a little flatI loved this game, hands down. My nitpicks are more like noticing small misalignments in a stunningly engrossing novel; they're there, and they could have been finished better, but in no way do they ultiumately detract from the finished product: the best, and perhaps smartest, horror game in years."
,Recommended,282140,25952386,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,frederic_ed,"Excellent game, with a very absorbing atmosphere and a plot that explores deep concepts."
76561197997447495,Recommended,282140,20457317,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Armydog205,"This is a great game.  Modern FPS and RPG's could learn a few things from SOMA.  Great story with great mechanics makes for a great game. Great!(UPDATE)Perhaps I should elaborate on my past review.  I actually bought this game as a means of keeping myself occupied until Fallout 4 came out.  I expected Fallout 4 to be my Game of the Year for the next THREE years.  Ironically, that was not the case at all, and I found myself craving more SOMA as I watched the ending to Fallout 4.  There is no other game like it.  It reminded me that video games don't need guns or endless looting mechanics to be a good game IMO.Frictional Games and other indie developers like them are quite frankly the last bastion of good gaming, and if we don't give them the credit where credit is deserved, the gaming market will continue to become oversaturated with unoriginal shooters and mediocre sequals/HD ""remakes""(seriously wtf).  There is a percentage of big companies that understand that they no longer need to be original to get money and at the end of the day that is all matters to them.....EA.....Microsoft......Ubisoft... Mobile gaming Industry......the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who invented ""microtransactions""....If you like sci-fi and enjoy a great story that will actually make you think, then BUY THIS GAME DAMNIT!!!"
76561198072274009,Recommended,282140,25969902,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Meme Bird,"2 Spooky 4 Me.But It's really freaking good.You should definitely get it, It's got the spooks great story and atmosphere.10/10 - The Spooky Scary Skeleton."
,Recommended,282140,25970437,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Goodluck Ebola,"Very nice and atmospheric game. I really liked the story, better than many scifi TV productions or movies. I'm very much hoping for a sequel or prequel to this game.+atmosphere+story+physics engine worked well-easy puzzles-some minor stuttering in random places"
76561198329589455,Recommended,282140,25970462,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,AngelAngeline,"This game was stunning, the views and graphics were breathtakingly beautiful. The game itself is story rich and I absolutely loved it. I couldn't stop playing it and decided to power through just to see what would happen next. Highly recommend if you're looking for a game that will mess with your mind and think about life and morality. Finishing it left me in a mess, I didn't know what to do with myself afterword. I’m glad I played this game."
76561198010288831,Recommended,282140,25972266,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,vcuikinas,"One of the best video/horror games i've played in a long time. I got hooked, did not want to stop untill the very end. Can not wait until next installment fro these guys!"
,Recommended,282140,25965438,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Eric,Another awesome horror adventure game. Not as scary but still pretty creepy. Everything takes place in the deep ocean. Very interesting story. Worth a purchase.
,Recommended,282140,25957488,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,EXiTiUM,"This game offers an excellent narrative experience that will not soon be forgotten. It plays more like an interactive movie as the player is weaponless and often finding themselves avoiding roaming monsters in order to progress. The story and atmosphere are really what makes this game shine.Going with the movie analogy I'd say this game feels like a mix between Event Horizon and Transcendence. Its been awhile since I played a game where the story has intrigued me as much as this one did. I would love to see Frictional Games continue this story and perhaps add a bit more gameplay (Tools, weapons, etc) to offer the player greater interaction with this well crafted world."
,Recommended,282140,25939543,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FZoZach,"Really awesome game. I went into it knowing nothing about it. Turns out it is very similar to Amnesia, except instead of a medieval theme it is an underwater futuristic theme. It was also surprinsingly scary so if you aren't one for terror or you have Thalassophobia you might want to skip it. For everyone else this is an A+ game, especially if you enjoy a good plot and character development."
76561198058854000,Recommended,282140,25943606,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,☣DybbuK☣,Game is sicK_
76561198007697652,Recommended,282140,26013887,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Deku,This game is Chun-believably good :L
,Recommended,282140,25940660,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Fire Call,"Brilliantly immersive experience with a great storyline. Well done (again), Frictional."
,Recommended,282140,25923638,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,Brilliant game - Great mix of spooks and SCI FIBy the end you'll certainly have a hell of a lot on your mind
76561198038396058,Recommended,282140,25913044,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kráca,"""In memory of all brain-scan copies in the universe.""...Thank you, Frictional Games."
,Recommended,282140,28195614,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,L.,"This is one of the best body-horror games I've ever seen. It's from the dark and shadowy imaginations of the team that steeped us in darkness and terror in Amnesia: The Dark Descent. A true fish out of water story, from beginning to end - a waking nightmare and a world of terrible things and horrific circumstances. Know when to sneak - and when to run for your life. Because you're going to be in danger, whether you realize it or not - and the world around you is unlikely to offer comfort."
,Recommended,282140,28192022,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cyborg Hobbit,"I don't normally go for horror games, especially the run and hide sort with no weapons, but some reviews convinced me this one would be worth my time and they were right. The story was a bit predictable to this Greg Egan fan, but that didn't make it any less enjoyable."
,Recommended,282140,27589763,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OpticalError,"Excelent Game, Stunning Graphics, Great story, and very scary"
76561198072167866,Recommended,282140,28205032,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ShAd0W5,Amazing stroy !
76561198062922439,Recommended,282140,28165971,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mattiaiannone,"I liked this game. Story is engrossing and keeps you thinking, something most game don't achieve. Gameplay is quite limited, it's more about exploration and the story, trying to figure out what happened. The atmosphere is great7/10"
,Recommended,282140,28184898,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Benedict,"[Editted: Posted as two parts to get around Steam character length review submission bug]Recommended, but with severe caveats - this game is far from the perfection of the genre, as it is it feels ""adequate"" to me. Throughout playing it I was reminded of (what are to me) similarly atmospheric yet far superior games like system shock, metro last light, bioshock, dead space, etc which is not what I want when playing a new game, I want to become immersed and to think solely about it. From the philosophical and narrative perspectives, I found The Talos Principle to be far more thorough in its exposition and it generated a lot more of an emotional response from me.I think Soma is worth picking up on a sale, and playing through once, but I wont ever rave to a friend about how brilliant it is (since it isnt) and I wont ever replay it, which is a sham because it feels close to a brilliant game, but has just missed the mark.Pros:Nice sci fi story, which tries to ask a bunch of philosophical questions in ""show me"" format by giving you A/B options, neither of which has any in game consequences, but they should hopefully cause you the player to reflect on your choices. I really enjoyed the incredibly bleak scenario, where the best outcome could be considered horrific.I liked that the main antagonist WAU was not evil or misguided.OK graphics, music and level design, great sound effects, leading to overall OKish atmosphere.When you arent being shambled after by enemies, its quite nice wandering about enjoying the scenery and reading stuff.I love the level of physical interaction with stuff, even if all of it is pointless, it just makes the world seem likea more real place.Cons:The protagonist is a completely ignorant idiot who cant grasp something when it is spelled out for him repeatedly (and well after you the player will have figured it out by yourself). Super frustrating being stuck in a stupid persons mind/body. I liked that the other main characters are smart and particularly when one becomes frustrated with our characters blatant stupidity.There is just one ending/outcome regardless of the choices you make.Enemies are incredibly boring. They have very predictable behaviors, and you cant ""hide"" from them which would be quite nice for generating tension, you can only crawl away. I had literally no tension while playing Soma, which I wasnt expecting, it was quite disappointing! I was sometimes bored while I waited out the enemies routines.I think the rigid body physics in air is generally excellent everything else was quite inconsistent. You dont have a body except when climbing ladders etc, you dont ever cast a shadow, items dont cast shadows from various light sources (this I feel is a major missed opportunity to generate atmosphere and immersion), you spend a bunch of times underwater but the physics was completely off, etc. Probably known limitations of the engine or performance decisions, but would have been nice if we could enable nicer ""stuff"" through options at a performance cost.The characters talk about ""coin tosses"" at a couple of points but this is completely wrong. The processes being discussed are deterministic. The only potential ""coin toss refers"" towhat perspective the character has after he gets copiedwhich is also deterministic for the purpose of the game (determined by the developers).I dont think the death mechanic was necessary, given the plot. I would have found the game and story to be far more coherent if you could not die, and I think by having this (with some twists that are not present in the game) there was a chance for real horror to be unveiled (a world in which you cannot die).NB: The game isnt actually 15 hours long, I simply left it running for several hours while I did chores, watched movies, etc."
,Recommended,282140,28184957,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Emdorai,*Bad Luck Bria-.. Simon here*It's one of the best psychological horror game I've ever played. *claustrophobia intensifies*+Unique and interesting story.+It's questioning humanity and reality. You can be mind****ed+Sci-fi+Details in game-Some enemies are a little bit easy to escape
,Recommended,282140,28188348,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Teddingten,One of the bst games i've ever played.
,Recommended,282140,28187777,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Vaderhoff,"Doesn't have quite the scares Amnesia: The Dark Descent brought, but still an eerie atmosphere and very intriguing and thought provoking story.This game reminded me a lot of Amnesia of course with how the enemies act, and a mix between Bioshock for the setting and System Shock for the rogue AI mastermind trope.Can't say too much without spoiling a lot, but if you like good stories, creepy corridors, and puzzling underwater sci-fi settings gone wrong, give this game a try.I would definitely reccomend this for anyone fans of deep stories and even light horror. At the very least, wait until a price drop and then give it shot."
,Recommended,282140,28181349,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rutger,Teh best.
,Recommended,282140,30972415,Posted: 5 April,all,Fijoli,"10/10 Horror done right!The Title Alone for this Video game is enough to send someone into an existential crisis over just attempting to comprehend the word and fathom its meaning. Dishing out substantial scares and tells a story one find in the deepest reaches of the rabbit hole.Soma locks you in after a slow start and drops you off a cliff that will leave you questioning humanity and all that is means to ""exist"" as what we know to be human. The feeling Soma leaves in you is an everlasting mark on the psyche."
,Recommended,282140,28226949,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Artiom,"While it may have already been said, I have to say this game is definitely thought provoking and made me think a lot about my opinions and thoughts on certain subjects. And damn, that ending though."
76561198004474534,Recommended,282140,28227704,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,lilromimi,"The story is a futuristic space type horror and while I did not find the game as frightening as Amnesia, it did have it's moments where I would feel my heart race a little.  Similarly to Amnesia you are defenceless against enemies and have to rely on hiding and crouching to evade them.  While this could be scary at times, often it would become a point of frustration as you are in a confined space and do not have much opportunity to explore surroundings as you are fumbling around in the dark.  Before you know it you have bumped into something that knocks you out!  Quite often, noise, movement or your flashlight gives you away to the monsters hunting you.The story itself was a slow burner but enjoyable.  The controls are simple enough to use, WASD and one mouse button to interact with things.  There is not a LOT in the way of problem solving but there are one or two puzzles throughout the game that are pretty easy to solve once you know what you are doing.It's not my favourite scary game and while i might return to games like amnesia, outlast or alien to play in the dark and give myself a good scare I probably will not be revisiting SOMA."
76561198047975427,Recommended,282140,28636690,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,640509-040147,"SOMA is a well executed athmospheric sci-fi horror narrative. The game has an impressive setting dealing with consciousness in a post-apocalyptic setting (""soma"" is Latin for body, which refers to the plot of the game).The game is set in a facility on the bottom of the ocean in which you wake up one day, no clue what is going on. You unravel the story piece by piece while you follow instructions from a voice on the radio.The atmosphere of the game is spot on. The story is interesting and left me empty. The visual style is perfectly executed.As a horror game, it lacks the elements that made Penumbra and Amnesia terrifying. Instead, it focuses more on atmosphere and relies less on gameplay elements - it is a narrative game. Knowing this, I wasn't disappointed at all by the lack of tense gameplay moments or monsters. It was the facility that created the true tension at times."
76561198042023345,Recommended,282140,28636717,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Urthiel,"This is probably one of my favourite games of all time. SOMA left me thinking about it more than a year after I finished it, the soundtrack is on my daily playlist. No other game can compare to this on it's intellectual depth. I cannot express how much I adore the concept of this game."
,Recommended,282140,28578978,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Death Of An Icon,"1) If you haven't played this you really, really should.2) It's scary as heck at times but worth dealing with the frights to see the ending.3) You have choices and they matter.4) If you look in the mirrors be prepared to deal with the beginning of a huge existential crisis and a complete reassessment of what your life means. Or whether it has any meaning at all.5) Take your time. I took screen-caps of all the signs in the game. Theres plenty to look at in-game, not much to collect but you should take the time to pick up the photos and pieces of paper, they all contribute to the mindblowing back-story.6) If it's really too much for you, got to the Steam Workshop and grab Wuss Mode. The WAU critters can't hurt you with Wuss Mode, so you can walk around with your torch on, throw things at them, jump up and down, whatever you like. I replayed on Wuss Mode so I could look at all the stuff I missed the first time. Well worth it. And far less scary but still hecking scary; but in a philosophical way moreso than just pure heartpounding frights.7) Elements remind me of Aliens (as in the 2nd movie in the franchise), Bioshock, Dead Space, Doom 3 (2004). If you like any of those games, or any of Frictionals other titles, you should play this. Honestly, if you liked the complexity of the moral dilemmas in Life Is Strange and other Telltale games, you'll enjoy what this has to offer.8) When you're done with the game go watch Transitions on Frictionals YouTube channel. Don't bother watching it first, you won't have a clue what's going on.12/10 story9.5/10 graphics - some quite minor quibbles10/10 for the ambient sounds - underwater was awesome10/10 price - I waited for this to go on sale. I feel bad that I didn't pay full price. The devs deserve full price."
,Recommended,282140,28623936,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sisco++,Great game that delves into questions of what it means to be alive.
76561197993464518,Recommended,282140,28693009,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gabul,I didn't played in such a good game for years!
76561198060409006,Recommended,282140,28698828,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Coach,This is one of the best games I've ever played lmao
76561198273134017,Recommended,282140,28693285,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DeficientAutumn,Great game.
76561198015330213,Recommended,282140,33397267,Posted: 9 July,all,ThomasTebo,"This thing grabbed onto me in a way few games have. I loved the story and felt a strong connection with the characters throughout the game. There's not a ton of gameplay and it's more about experiencing where you are and what is happening to you than it is about gaming per se. A few creepy dudes and a lot of switches to throw. It's linear for sure and there's only one way to progress the story.That said, we all have different ideas of what a game should be. For me, it's just a simple case of being able to escape to somewhere else for a while and by that definition this thing was brilliant."
,Recommended,282140,33411473,Posted: 9 July,all,itsACoppa,"This game has an excellent story, unnerving atmosphere, and a very interactable environment. 9/10 buy at any time or price."
76561197994929543,Recommended,282140,33412629,Posted: 9 July,all,VN3,"Amazing game! I would say it probably has the best intro of any game I have ever played. Some terror elements could have been toned down a little (those labyrinthic areas with the stalking monsters were confusing, and not the most fun). But overall it's just an incredible sci-fi experience, that will make you reflect on what means to be alive."
76561197971821628,Recommended,282140,33390750,Posted: 8 July,all,EOD Man,"Wow, you have not played a game like this! Just finished.  It will test your minds interpretation of your existance and have fun doing it. Don't let the horror part scare you off (no pun intended),  that is quite manageable.  It's the high level thought processes that will get you.  The point of the game is inside YOUR HEAD.  Fun too.  You gotta have this one and I rarely rate game."
76561198018536755,Recommended,282140,33422943,Posted: 9 July,all,mytomanen_bre,"Simply. Amazing.So i'm a big fan of pretty much everything FrictionalGames comes up with. I've played through the Penumbra series, the Amnesia series, countless of player made custom stories, and i've always loved the deep story and the amazing atmosphere that these developers always seem to create, with perfection..And SOMA is no exception. Without spoilers, i can easily say this is by far the best horror game i've ever played.Amazing sound, graphics are good looking. A great mix of places you get to see, a great mix of different enemies you encounter in the game (with their own persona and strategy).You can choose to rush through the main objectives, or you can really take your time to explore the game, listening to every audio log, opening every locked door, turning every stone.I've studied TV & Movie Production in Sweden for three years, and i know a good story when i see one. And SOMA simply blew my mind. And i'm not easy to impress.If you doubt this title, but enjoy the genre, this is a must-buy in my opinon. Love it."
,Recommended,282140,33438868,Posted: 10 July,all,Heropifanes,Not scary as much.But very sad to play.
76561198016997891,Recommended,282140,33390729,Posted: 8 July,all,spifomie,"What a experience. After finishing the game, I'm simply at a loss for words.Do yourself a favor. Play it."
76561198177694921,Recommended,282140,33416498,Posted: 9 July,all,jdsmadclown,Great story gameplay is awesome this is a must play for everyone.
,Recommended,282140,33111627,Posted: 1 July,all,Azula,Killed a robot trying to barely keep itself alive.It sounded so pitiful dying.Immidietely closed the game.10/10 would question my own humanity again
,Recommended,282140,33503203,Posted: 13 July,all,johxnxgan2679,"The AI in the game are the most friendliness enemy I have ever seen in any horror game, you will not die but only faint when they catches you, sometimes when the enemy catches you they would even put you on the right track.Escaping from them is very easy but they are still creepy as hell.The story is just amazing, this game go so much deeper than just an ordinary horror game, it makes me think so much more about humanity.If you are new to horror games, and want to start of with something easy yet good, I strongly recommend you to try this one out."
,Recommended,282140,33510467,Posted: 13 July,all,Hedonistic Nihilist,"Looking for something different, something thought provoking? Give this a go - you won't be disappointed!"
76561198028148235,Recommended,282140,33509644,Posted: 13 July,all,jmtanzillo,Challenging and fun game.  Lots of twists & turns (similar to peeling an onion) plus some monsters. Parts of it will absolutely creep you out. The graphics & voice acting are very well done.  Make sure that you watch the credits when you finish the game to see the final scene....
,Recommended,282140,33597324,Posted: 16 July,all,seraphim_fallen,"Soma, a futuristic nightmare from someone who is addicted to quoting the Matrix and dreams of Ghost in the Shell at night. Dark (usually), thrilling (sometimes), Soma takes you on an adventure to find out how much patience it takes to hide from all the monsters you can't fight, solving puzzels that has you running around and around for years, realizing that something new went wrong and you have to travel to yet ANOTHER location, AGAIN, and really destroying your personal philosophy on what it really means to be human; if you're already compromised on thoughts of your humanity. Overall, good story, good graphics, time-consuming but has a decent save feature.....ya, good game. Would play it again."
76561198059433802,Recommended,282140,33599956,Posted: 16 July,all,Dr_Who,"Good game, good story, and a great environment it will have you on the edge of seat when some very tense moments.  Would make a great movie."
76561198207066621,Recommended,282140,33588826,Posted: 16 July,all,SuhDuDe,"At first when starting out I was a little confused, but the science and story behind the game is truly incredible. You learn the story in small pieces which gives you enough time to process all of it and it all makes sense as you go. Definitely worth the money and time, if you scare easily I would still highly reccomend this game because of the gameplay.Super simple, alot of fun, good scares, wonderful story..very very emotional and it gives you a sense of helplessness and hopelessness. This game convey's emotion so well and there are parts that will make you choke up a little.Beautiful work 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,33586265,Posted: 16 July,all,thaufer,An amazing experience.
76561198051292186,Recommended,282140,33584919,Posted: 16 July,all,€uroboy,This game is so great!With an very great and fascinating story. This game absorbs you.One of the best horror games I played ever!Strongly recommended!!!
76561197976227443,Recommended,282140,33598736,Posted: 16 July,all,PJ150,"SOMA was hard for me to review. I personally love this title, but I wasn't 100% sure at first if I'd recommend it to others, mostly because of its nearly-complete lack of gameplay. In fact, I'd go as far to say that SOMA feels less like a game and more like an interactive experience.This isn't necessarily a bad thing: the world created by SOMA's rich, dense backstory is both very lovingly detailed and vividly realized, and this is combined with how beatifully the world is graphically rendered. The sound effects and music are also well designed, and there some moments where the voice acting is just spot-on and performed so convincingly well.However, there are many points where the voice acting is much less than spot-on, the enemies that you face mostly feel oppressive but not necessarily dangerous or scary, and, as mentioned earlier, the game's biggest ""turn-off"" for many players is that there's very little actual gameplay. Most of what you'll be doing in SOMA is exploring its vast world and occasionally trying to escape from some aggressive monstrosities. However, these monster encounters really aren't that good or fun for the most part. This isn't helped by the fact that certain creatures (one in particular, named the Proxy) are said to follow a certain pattern (like relying on its sense of hearing because it's supposedly blind), but when you encounter that creature, it doesn't always obey those rules. (The aforementioned Proxy, for example, won't hear when I open and close a loud-as-hell door, but it seems to instantly see me if I'm a few yards away but not moving.)So the question that I've been wrestling with is this: despite these negatives, would I still recommend this game? The answer is easily ""yes"", but at least be aware of what experience you'll be getting out of SOMA before you purchase it. This is not Amnesia or Outlast. This is an interactive journey that's full of tension, but not necessarily horror. Even so, the game's setting and story of the decrepit PATHOS-II are so well conceived and near-perfectly rendered that it's hard not to recommend diving into the universe of SOMA at least once."
,Recommended,282140,33595134,Posted: 16 July,all,Neroxis,Surprisingly a very good story for an indie horror game.
,Recommended,282140,33597747,Posted: 16 July,all,blair,"Made me question my own morals, solid game with an immersive and in-depth journey"
,Recommended,282140,33544509,Posted: 14 July,all,MuddyDaydream,Couldn't stop playing from start to finish. An absolutely sublime experience.
76561198321914025,Recommended,282140,33543759,Posted: 14 July,all,lauraaa,Amazing!
76561198314993338,Recommended,282140,33261035,Posted: 4 July,all,Fang,Pretty good
,Recommended,282140,33616520,Posted: 17 July,all,Fuzzball,"A masterful demonstration of audiovisual design, the technical prowess displayed here by Frictional Games is to be admired. Like the best of science fiction, it uses its world and characters to ask questions about the human condition.Not a game of cheap scares, but rather (as I saw another review describe it) a piece of “existential horror”; making you ponder the disturbing reality of what it means to be human."
,Recommended,282140,33619514,Posted: 17 July,all,Xel-ha,"Highly recommended, I loved every piece of it.The storyline is great, great graphics, the voices are perfect. The only con would be, it's too short!!!If you like great stories with some jump scares, and a few interesting puzzles, then spend your money on this.It's worth every penny."
,Recommended,282140,33660867,Posted: 19 July,all,LojZza,"SOMA doesnt have any cheap jumpscares or scary monsters. Most of the time you just walk from point A to B, collecting stuff and trying to piece togheter records of what happened before you arrived. What it does have is a depressing atmosphere that will keep you at the edge of your seat along with equally depressing philosophical thoughts about morality, individuality, consciousness and what is to be ""human"". Its not much of a horror - its rather an experience presenting very thought-provoking questions, which can very uneasy to answer or even think of."
,Recommended,282140,18142687,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,The Great Skeleton War is coming,"Frictional Games can never disappoint when it comes to atmospheric horror games.Hell, that's all they do, and ♥♥♥♥ me they do it well. This game is no different.I'm glad I pre-purchased this game, and regret going through it only now (mid 2017)."
,Recommended,282140,33656522,Posted: 19 July,all,Wolofminister,Gr8 game
,Recommended,282140,18413565,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,P SUS,best story ever
,Recommended,282140,18414006,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,HutchyButchy,An absolutely beautiful game. Would recommend to anyone who loves horro games. It builds atomsphere and the creatures unlike in Amnesia are all unique with different style and tactics to use. The graphics are superb. I expected nothing less.
,Recommended,282140,26506152,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,n͝t̕y̨҉d͡1̸̧҉s̴̀,"PROS- Great, well-researched, believable story.- Great atmosphere with refined visuals, the absolute best depiction of horror at bottom of the ocean.- Works well with gamepad (naturally does not require precise reflex).CONS- Predictable story outcome, with thought-provoking choices that does not seem to have any effect on the storyline.- Stealth gameplay becomes tedious chore (I'm insensitive to scares), too much waiting on the inconsistent enemy A.I. which sometimes can be bypassed with lucky randomized patrol path.In conclusion, SOMA should eventually be recognized as a classic horror adventure game."
,Recommended,282140,26536566,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,CyborgKitten,It's a good game with an excellent narrative also a deep and lugubrious story.Makes me think a lot about it.
,Recommended,282140,26548417,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MeatPopsicle,"Wow.  This game is the whole package.  A thrilling and scary adventure, encompassing and claustrophobic atmosphere, and a heckuva story, too!This is not for the faint of heart.  There is a lot of gore and viscera, plus some jump scares and terrifying situations.  But I have to say, it's not gratuitous, it all makes sense, this is a grand and dark scifi adventure that any Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥fan will appreciate.And I was happy that therer are things to collect and solve, but they are not so hard as to be distracting or discouraging.  Frictional Games really found a good balance that keeps the game/story moving, while making you think and wonder and fret along the journey.I just finished playing Soma. I bought the other games by Frictional in the latest Steam sale, but they can wait.  Like certain mind-blowing movies, I have to experience Soma again, I must replay it now."
,Recommended,282140,26403716,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Malice,"I love this game, the story is amazing, AMAZING, if you're wondering if it's too scary, it's not. I usually avoid horror games because of how easily scared I get, I also cant stand cheap jump scares, but I never had that problem with SOMA. This game really makes you think, about the future, about yourself really. One thing I can not stress enough though is how bad the performance was for me. I'm running 39 390 i5 6600k at 3.5 Ghz, but I couldnt seem to keep a steady fps, and it really ruined the experience for me, my fps was all over the place, and even when I turned on v sync to avoid screen tearing, I got punished with HORRIBLE stuttering, everytime I open a door, freeze, everytime a monster shows up, freeze. Even when I was reaching around 140 fps, there was no avoiding massive frame drops and quick stutters everytime the water gets sucked out of the room. Overall, the story was amaziing but the performance really ruined a lot of it for me."
76561198045148414,Recommended,282140,26479774,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gus Mttm,This game is just awesome. Stop reading reviews and go play it.
76561198006917462,Recommended,282140,26480441,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Renegade,Great story!
,Recommended,282140,26480808,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Stevoace,Absolutely Awesome Game!!Detailed storyline with lots of additional information and back-stories to pick up along the way. The story is full of moral dilemas and twists and turns making you crave more and more gameplay.Best story based game i have played in a very long time!!
76561198014388259,Recommended,282140,26481786,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,phlobin,"A bit late to the party, but here are my thoughts about SOMA by Frictional Games. You play Simon who begins his day with a doctor's appointment for a brain scan only to wake up in an underwater station where something terrible happened. Everything is covered by some techno goo and the horror quickly begins when Simon meets the latest inhabitants: Robots. Some, who think they are human, others... well, you don't want to even look at them.The levels change between the underwater station and trips to the outside seafloor, both are well designed. The references to Bioshock are obvious, although more in the beginning and not as colorful. Later on, the inside feels more like a space station and the wondrous world of the sea floor looks rather bleak with some occasional spots of really beautiful flora and fauna, the latter of course is best observed from a safe distance. But the bleakness adds to the overall mood of the game.The graphics are solid, the creatures terrifying, but above all: the sound design is wonderful. It really ties together the soil your pants moments. Some visual effects which reminded me of certain japanese horrorfilms might have added to that too.You get an idea about what happend and what is at stake fairly quickly, don't expect too many plot twists. This game is a journey of contemplation with the occasional butt clenching. the details of the story are discovered along the way in logs, reports, records of communications or personal stuff besides corpes. Gameplay changes between hide and seek horror, puzzle solving and quiet moments, where you discover more clues about what happened at the station but also get to reflect about identity, the world and all the rest. There are some boring fillers, but there is always time to appreciate ladders, I suppose.Philosophical questions about identity are an aspect of the story in SOMA. There are some choices you have to make. But it is not the essence of the game, rather more of a vehicle to drive the story forward, and it works, supported by the voice acting and the dialogue. Although there is a ""but"": the ending. It didn't fit the overall mood of the story but more like an out of character compromise. And although there are some choices in the game there is only one ending. Maybe a missed opportunity.SOMA is like a good short sci-fi story with horror-elements. Mood, writing and technical execution are well done. I recommend it."
76561197970820015,Recommended,282140,26545270,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ЯR,"I like this game, I enjoyed playing it, it's so immersive. It also raised important questions such as ""Where does life start? Where does it end?""Storywise the game reminded me a little bit of ""The Talos Principle"". But totally different genres.Keep up the great work, hoping to see more of this."
76561198008173108,Recommended,282140,26566165,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jimmy9003,"Great game very nice story and dense, climatic gameplay. It looks very similar to ""Solus Project"", btw which I highly recommend too.I wouldn't call this game proper horror its more like semi psychological horror game, asking about some of the hardest life questions.Anyway like it, a lot.Story is great, sounds are amazing recorded and fiting nearly as perfect as in Alien: Isolation (and its a real complement).This game is a must have title for fans of sci-fi climates."
,Recommended,282140,26566848,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Järv,Best game of all time.
76561198071839908,Recommended,282140,25982906,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,vladjones,"Great game.I do not like horror games because they are often boring and only put you under stress. this game did it to. At the beginning it was ok and good but futher in the game they were just  a pain, but they should keep it like it. The Great thing in this game is the story ....oh yeah the story.... In the middle of the game I knew how the game would end but still the journey to this end was just superb. i would recommend it to everyone.i played it at midnight alone to have a better atmosphere. Like I said horror games are often boring (outlast -> putted you only under stress but the target""escape the asylum"" is just cliche ).Great atmosphere and great story."
,Recommended,282140,26562537,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,RyRy79261,This was a refreshingly atmospheric and immersive game with good narative.I.e. Dope as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282140,26565190,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MissLucyxx TV,"I'm not much a horror fan, especially deep sea stuff. But the story is worth the sweaty palms and feelings of complete dread 100x over. This game will stick with me for quite awhile. I didn't think I would get so attached to the characters! It's worth the price!!"
,Recommended,282140,26555811,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Imp,"SOMA was an absolutely incredible experience. This game excels at creating an eery, dark, and haunting atmosphere, while also not losing sight on the importance of a fantastic, engaging story. The horror elements keep the player on their seat, and mini puzzles force the player to be constantly thinking outside their comfort zone. Overall, I give this game a solid 8.5/10, and I'd reccommend buying it whenever possible. Absolutely worth the money for the experience."
76561198305469349,Recommended,282140,25777102,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Classï(t)ïed³,"I like this game, it was a bit different for a change instead of a first person shooter I liked growing up.  It has puzzles and memory games in a first person setting... so in a way similar to call of duty or rtcw r enemy territory something like that with no guns or options to kill for the most part so you aren't relying on/associating having to kill someone to solve or complete the first person style game.  Twists and turns good job on storyline and whatnot pretty enjoyable could play eating popcorn :) (better than a movie)"
76561198122630489,Recommended,282140,25777417,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Noom,12/10
76561197972220502,Recommended,282140,25775517,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Robert Woodruf,"Now that scientists have a clue as to how data is recorded on the membranes of neuron , the idea that we will someday be able to record memory from  the human brain and play it in  VR takes the story from scifi to possibility.  A great idea for  a computer game and the future."
,Recommended,282140,18372320,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,limE :>,"OH GOD, I got no words left. The game is a true masterpiece. The inviroment, the story, everything!"
76561198050809151,Recommended,282140,18336631,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,WHITE T POISON,"This game made me think, cry, and scream for my life. I would expect nothing less from the creators of Amnesia. Only con is the slow load time."
,Recommended,282140,18334902,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mr. Funbags,"I just finished the game. This has truly been one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences of my life. This game sucked me in and kept me there and that is all I expect out of a great adventure. I really enjoyed the fact that the game is incredibly story driven and well thought out. In the past with other titles I would frustrated at times when games becomes so diffucult and frustrating that it forces you to escape the story but that was not the case here. This had some minor challenges that added stress to the experience but it did not take you out of the immersion. Now that it is over, I wish it had not ended. That reason right there is enough for me to give this game an extraodinary rating. Great job guys!"
,Recommended,282140,18322161,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nomad,Its as if they took 50% of penumbra and 50% of amnesia and made the perfect mix of puzzle solving and tense moments
,Recommended,282140,18322241,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mack71,"Hmm...yep its totally scaring the c#@p out of me with a good story to boot the way they play around with distortion, wonderfull, very few horror titles that achieve this amount of scare for me but this one nails it the atmosphere the story great. I was stuck in a room with a....a.. well a bad♥♥♥♥♥of sorts usually with other games in this situation you lose your fear of the creature after exposure but not this time heart in throat all the way bl#@dy well done."
76561197986201657,Recommended,282140,22804361,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Roscoer,"Very Good Story... lots of hunt the valve or switch and of course, the monster hide/not seek. Worth the $ for this. If you played the other products from frictional; you know what you are in for."
76561198081455938,Recommended,282140,22807394,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bearded Mass,absolutely terrific.
76561198084517855,Recommended,282140,22818042,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,名無し,"Is a machine possessing your consciousness you? Is it even human? Rarely a horror game can be this thought provoking, Frictional Games has done well again.I have played Frictional Games games ever since Amnesia The Dark Descent. I really enjoyed Amnesia The Dark Descent, but wasn't able to enjoy Amnesia A Machine For Pigs just as much, and I'm currently playing Penumbra Overture too. I was afraid that the same thing would happen with SOMA, but it didn't.Just like Amnesia and Penumbra series, you rely heavily on stealth, utilizing every means possible to ensure you do so. Frictional Games did well in creating tension through unsettling visual and background music, which in turn makes the players tense which adds to the tension itself. Simply put, the game uses the players' own fear to fuel their own fear.There are many variations of enemies in this game, even more than Amnesia and Penumbra series, each with their own powers and weaknesses, patterns and behaviours. And I loved it. I enjoyed every second of thinking ""how do I get past it?"" Having to find out how each of them behaves, and actually getting past each of them, is also a part of the tension.Verdict: A must buy for those who enjoy true horror gamesFrictional Games, through this game, has AGAIN raised the bar for every other horror games. This game is what horror games should be. This game is why horror games should be separated from cheap trashes full of jumpscare."
76561197993086777,Recommended,282140,22818044,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,dukeofdarkness,"I loved this game - the subtle puzzle elements, game play appearing to be at times open-ended yet often fairly linear, living the story being told. The ending, sad yet happy. The wonder at whether something like this might ever actually happen.Yet what I will remember most about this is the terror, the fear. Not the horror film type of terror, not the fear of the unknown, not that sinister creepy feeling you get when you think you're being followed. This was the terror of knowing you were being followed and chased, the fear of just not knowing which way to run or where to go.Awesome."
76561198047139688,Recommended,282140,22827886,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,andreheinzreinert,Surprising good game! Excellent story!
76561197980054291,Recommended,282140,22651144,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Lucius Caesar,"A reasonably scary sci fi horror with an exceptional story. The pacing is great, plenty of terrifying moments but they are always spaced out with moments of solace where you can just explore and progress the story. There's enough puzzles and stealthy moments to keep it from feeling like a 'walking simulator'.Easily one of my favorite games in recent times."
76561198120210018,Recommended,282140,22667813,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,A rabid potato,The best game I have played this year. 10/10 Highly reconmend
,Recommended,282140,22541120,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Frensh_Eggslence,"If you're looking for a mind♥♥♥♥, this is the game for you."
76561197972202118,Recommended,282140,22542083,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Jackdsl,"This is a Great Game, i absolutely loved it."
76561197970378426,Recommended,282140,22655173,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Bombdogs,"Brilliant writing and voice acting combine with the utterly shattering atmosphere created by the audio and visual artistry of the talented devs to produce a genuine masterpiece. Really.Gameplay mechanics are a little simple, but this is deliberate, it's all about the story and the bigger questions therein. Some might say a little short, but tbh it would have just been padding - this feels perfect.10/10 would use a tired cliche at the end of a review again."
76561198210453812,Recommended,282140,22659020,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,A1phA,gg
76561197977608651,Recommended,282140,22621104,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dlpardoposton,"Highly recommend this game!I'm not a fan of horror games & was worried this might be a too scary for me to enjoy.However, after reading the overwhelmingly positive reviews, and being impressed with the bit of Amnesia I was able to complete, I gave it a go.Oh yeah - and Bioshock 1 is an all time favourite - for sci-fi+ocean atmosphere, setting, writing, creepiness along with intrigue.I'd rate this right up there w/Bioshock. Obviously very different games from gameplay mechanics. Yet still many of the same qualities I enjoyed.I'd say - think of Bioshock subtracting the gunplay, focused more on dread & different set of interesting philosophical concepts to ponder as the story/history unfolds.Again - I'm not a fan of horror games, but I took the risk & was so rewarded.Right up there with top games I've ever played.Truth be told...now I feel bad having waited until it was on sale - if I'd known how much I was going to like this I'd have purchased at full price.Can't wait to play more by this developer.[ Note: might go back & try to finish Amnesia some day now ]"
,Recommended,282140,22620374,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Bigger Bluff,"There are many things that can describe this game from its buetifully realised world to it's abillity to balance its story between the large extinction event above and the small and poundering story of a guy that just poped up.those are the great points showing us the humanity around us when there was none. This had its scary moments but was not intentionaly made scary. There was no dropping us in hell unless we ran into it, I believe this story is more told in dark atmosphere so when the dim lights of hope shine you can atlast see them and run towards them"
,Recommended,282140,22620379,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jargonfilter,"A step up from Amnesia (which was fantastic) in scope and ambition. Soma explores the concept of consciousness and what it means to be human and alive, but also brings in some neuroscience concepts you don't often hear about with regards to the mind and body. This isn't primarily a pure shock/horror type of game, rather you can think of it as a stealth and puzzle game set in a sci-fi horror universe. It has its creepy and scary moments, but thats just a side effect of the story, rather than the focus. I'd highly recommend this to anyone who's interested in a thought provoking experience with a rich universe, even if you're not into horror games."
76561197968372160,Recommended,282140,22622656,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,flashbagman,"Fresh, original and outstanding!!!Scary too!Bravo!!"
76561198035765271,Recommended,282140,22618476,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Imasquirrel,"The game's story is thought provoking, immersive, and causes you to have to make tough moral choices that really weigh on you throughout the game. The atmosphere of this game almost feels like playing through an episode of Doctor Who with it's futuristic/industial setting. The world feels fully realised and gives you the opprotunity to explore and learn more about the backstory of the game. 10/10 must play for people who love deep, story driven games"
76561197968607614,Recommended,282140,22619401,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Grigridw,"8/10 - The game has some bugs, sometimes crashes and some of the objectives are very obscure and difficult to locate.Aside from these issues, SOMA is fun and worth buying on sale."
76561198008614005,Recommended,282140,18391609,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Aaron the Scott,"You can't score this game, its something you need to play"
,Recommended,282140,18399155,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Haunty,"I was never into the horror genre, but I love sci-fi and the story intrigued me. I enjoyed the story and the theme, reminded me a lot of The Talos Principle in some ways. I just wish there was a little more to the story and had some more plot twists, it was pretty predictable. I was glad that the horror parts were very creepy but not a real dominant or too frustrating part of the game. Took me less than 12 hours to finish the game."
,Recommended,282140,18399414,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Harha,an Amazing game with an amazingly interesting story.
,Recommended,282140,18399437,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Mavrik,"SOMA is an excelent experience with great storytelling, lovingly crafted underwater world to explore and just enough tension. Very much recommended."
,Recommended,282140,18399596,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,kenwolf,This game is amazing! Exceptionally good.
,Recommended,282140,18400423,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Dr. Badnews,"Very story rich,Not as horrifying as I was expecting, than again, amnesia would be put close to the bottom of my list of horror games.... anyways, I still recommend this game.The monsters in this game are a 1 shot kill (YAY!)  meaning... they kill you if they reach you.... there is not deduction of health bar which I think is one of the key points for a horror game to be horrifying...The monster is SLOW, but when it gets close to you, your ""mind"" starts shutting down and you start lagging.  I love this fact as you feel like you can get away any moment, but he just keeps on closing in!the story is VERY rich, so do NOT skip any cut scenes and it's really philosophical.... great job there!graphics are amazing!all in all, I highly recommend this game, not as a horrifying horror game, but as a creepy one."
76561198012874306,Recommended,282140,18370781,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Durzo,Simply an awesome game. Unfortuantely quite short but absolutely worth the money!
76561198177851770,Recommended,282140,18355804,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MasterBaader,"Creepy as hell, but fun to play, not a shooter game so you can't shoot your way out you have to think. Worth the money."
,Recommended,282140,18356045,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dr. Freeman,"Soma. What an experience. Frictional Games, I applaud you! The game was so rich with story and detail. I loved every moment I had in the game. Roleplaying myself in it's atmosphere and being part of the horror and emotions of the motivation. I've played every frictional game that has been released from Penumbra, to Soma. This is another flawless edition added to the singleplayer story horror genre that Frictional Games has mastered. The game is truly scary, and still is able to give you a good story while not just making you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself. I'm not going to be giving any spoilers, but from a horror fan to another, I highly recommend this game if you're into an adventure of a lifetime. I give this a 10/10!"
76561197969451188,Recommended,282140,18363873,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"10/10Fantastic horror game driven by a profound narrative. It plays like a mixture of System Shock 2 and Bioshock. Instead of just copying their first successful  game Amnesia, Frictional Games went beyond that and created a game with a enthralling story with underlying philosophical meaning. The visual art and use of sound are top notch in this game, albeit the voice over of the characters is rather bland. I somewhat think this game could have skipped the monster chasing/hiding bits all together and still be a great game. All in all one of the best and most immersive games I have played in a long time, and well worth the $30 price tag."
76561198028185312,Recommended,282140,18364438,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Nazrat,One of the best stories I've played in any game.  Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys a story driven game which makes you honestly question your decisions.
,Recommended,282140,18364725,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dr.Pepcraft,This is Frictionals best work. SOMA has a really thought provoking story and one of the best atmospheres ive ever experienced in a game. A truly amazing horror experience.
76561198072279009,Recommended,282140,18364879,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ashtrayjuloo,"Personally, I didn't really care for Amnesia. But the style, the story, the atmosphere of SOMA... defintely impressed me. After completing a section, I would let out a big breath and be thankful I was alive. Playing in the dark with a pair of nice headphones really amplifies the immersion. Lots of legitimate scares, with a wonderfully creepy undertone. I felt rewarded for exploration with new little pieces of the world to understand. Most of the puzzles were well designed and made me feel a little smart for solving them. Sometimes I had to go online to figure out what to do, only to realize I should have known all along if I was really paying attention. The story is very interesting, and the ending... oh man. A really great ending. Short but super sweet, beautifully crafted environments and wonderful voice work... pretty good puzzles, great story, and a hell of an atmosphere... oh and pretty much the best sound design I have ever experienced in a video game... all makes this game an absolute recommend."
,Recommended,282140,18364892,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Spatch,"Excellent scifi horror game.  Very atmospheric and immersive, loved the story, setting and plot and trying to piece together what happened.Not quite as scary as Amnesia and I would have liked to have more control over the ending, but well worth even full price to support a studio like Frictional."
,Recommended,282140,22792501,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,CcYborg,"After Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, which was kinda disappointing (not storywise, but the overall atmosphere wasnt scary at all) this game finally lived up to the first time playing The Dark Descent. The Story of Soma is very interesting and the atmosphere is awesome. It also got a good amount of scary parts in it. 10/10."
76561198159596218,Recommended,282140,22622457,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,supahfly®,What an awesome game grips you with fear of the uknown while you explore.Stunning graphics.Playthrough didn't last last long at all might try and look for secrets if i do it again.
76561198278550902,Recommended,282140,22909716,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,DjSicSixx,My favourite game I've ever played by far!
76561198042625918,Recommended,282140,22963536,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,racing8021,Probably the most intense and philisophical stories ever that will literally have you question the future and what it means to be human. Very very very recommended
,Recommended,282140,22966854,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dystymi,"SOMA delivers a fantastic story with some hard hitting questions on what it means to be human, and exploring the meaning of life through death. This game has touched on many topics that most games would stay away from, while also immersing the player into a futuristic world, overrun by the cancerous AI known as the WAU. The scares are good, the suspense is quite amazing, and this game is all around a MUST have if you are a lover of horror adventure games, and a lover of amazing stories."
76561198008890433,Recommended,282140,23015115,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,eX,"Amaizing story, the best atmosphere I ever seen in a game, very good horror game, realy underpriced ( in my oppinion it should have cost ~40£)If u played Alien:isolation then know this, soma has better story, voice acting, atmosphere, lore and has alot of modding potential. On the other hand Alien isolation has better gameplay, and provides players with more chalanges, so all in all soma is based on story and alien isolation is based on gameplay, so u cant realy compare them since it all comes to a personal preference"
76561197988266028,Recommended,282140,23015138,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Frank Castle,"SOMA has the best atmosphere that I have seen in a survival horror game. The ambience, noises, lighting, and locations were all fantastic. I recommend this to anyone who appreciates a dark twisted story in an awesome sci-fi setting."
76561198051887753,Recommended,282140,20402100,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,eddrr372,"I liked this game quite a lot. When I say 'liked', that's not to me mean the ride was fun, per se. Entertaining for sure, but in a few different ways and not like happy fun time at the fairground.The developers have created a dark and messy world that the protagonist explores with the usual mechanics of survival horror. Yet you can tell it's completely 'their' game (Fricitonal). As well as avoiding getting hammered and squsihed by psychotic mutants there's also an intriguing and at times highly poignant storyline. The game asks big questions, and then sometimes hints at things, that will really make you think.Hiding from the abominations was not too hard most of the, thankfully. Running from them was terrifically visceral. As in palpiations and physical sense of dread. A few times I asked myself why the blimeys am I playing a game that does this to me? I still don't actually know; but for sure it was a great reminder of the breadth of effects a finely tuned title like this can have.I feel that for my money I would have liked the game to have lasted longer. I completed it in 32 hours and games like this I only ever play through once. That said I can't imagine how it could have been stretched out without it getting a bit samey. And it's oh so very icky and creepy at times. Also, towards the end, I wanted to complete it - so I could escape. And I guess that's mostly a good thing?"
,Recommended,282140,23014235,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Flowered Mountain Man,"Anyone who is a fan of  AAA stories akin to the Bioshocks will love this game. Amnesia: The Dark Descent was 10/10, and this game is up to 11/10. Frictional uses their method of scary scenes followed by relatively calm scenes to relax the player for another scare. Some levels can be a tiny bit tedious, and they seem like mazes. I'll admit I suck at mazes and that contriubute a good amount to my 12 hours it took to player through. For the players sick of/afraid of jump scares, don't fear. The atmosphere and story will get you. What is life? Is every life worth living? You decide.Buy this game. It'll change your appreciation for life."
,Recommended,282140,22755624,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Alienocity,Bby Flowertit jus wans sum luv sinc he all aloEn in TAu. Gud gaem.
76561198045791126,Recommended,282140,22795472,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Tom Thrusterman,The ending hits right in the feels
,Recommended,282140,22757756,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,hibrocolli,"I play this at night, lights out, surround up (headphones sometimes).  I can't tell you the number of times I've had to stop playing because it is just FREAKING ME OUT!!!  It is sh*t scary.  I'm terrified of what is around every corner.The atmosphere is unlike anything I've experienced before in a game.  I'm literally jumping out of my seat with fear at times.Can't recommend it highly enough.  Good fun.Warning:  you might not get much sleep after."
76561197974708447,Not Recommended,282140,24086409,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jady,"I've had this game crash on me over and over, nothing I've tried has fixed it. The graphical 'feature' of the screen flickering and tearing when monsters are around is annoying at best."
,Recommended,282140,24038418,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bob Sacamano,"The spooky bits kind of clash with the thinky bits, but man, the thinky bits work so well, it's spooky.You know the mind-body problem? If not, google it. That's the basis for most of stuff that'll mess with your head; and trust me, it'll mess with your head in a way reading about it just can't.Easily my favorite Friction Games work."
,Recommended,282140,24035970,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Yim Wee,One of the greatest games I have ever played in my life. If only they would make a dlc or something because I would definitely buy it even if its crazy expensive
,Recommended,282140,24038374,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Az,"This game its simply fantstic- Engaging history, epic novel level argument- Sound / Ambient / Really scary at some points- Normal Puzzles nothing PHD but not that easy either- This game shouls be a HIT the industry and the customers need more of classics like thisTotally would get a season pass or a dlc or anything they make for this game!!"
76561197969609228,Recommended,282140,24035458,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dumblins,"I played all of Frictional Games and this is and will probably be one of their best ones. If you open your mind to the philosophy behind the game, you get a full experience of what it truly is about. SOMA gets you to another level of feeling and questionning. We, as human beings, live our lives in a body who will, one day, die. But what about our mind, soul, spirit ? Aren't we MUCH bigger than just a body ? Of course, the game gives you chills and maybe jump scare and that does count as a body experience and a mind game too. This is what awaits for you through SOMA: an universe filled with questions, discoveries, horror, creatures and last but not least mind blow."
76561198131531341,Recommended,282140,24035855,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,deamill,This game is amazing. I don't think i have ever played a game that made me think about what i is to be human.Enough said...
,Recommended,282140,23129694,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Skater7777,"Absolutely brilliant!  One of the best games I have ever played.   Anyone who  needs a break from the hundreds of point.click.shoot games on the market will enjoy this. It's the right combination of exploration, sci-fi, puzzle-solving, mystery, and an occasional scare.The story is incredible.  I love post-apocalyptic themes, and this one blows the rest out of the water.  The story is so good that they could make a movie out of it.  When you finally realize what has happened to humanity and what your main character is, it sends chills down your spine.The graphic environment is superb.  Just the right amount of light and dark, with plenty of cool effects to make the whole experience seem real.I'm a huge fan of the Myst series, so for me the exploration and puzzle-solving were the best parts. The game would have been fine without the ""monsters.""  Those parts were the only ones that were a little tedious.  I would rather spend time exploring an area at my own pace than having to run frantically or tiptoe around monsters.All in all, a 10/10."
,Recommended,282140,24029781,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zenitix of the Eldritch Horrors,"This game is a perfect score for me.The key concept is a fantastic idea and well executed.The writing and dialogue are great, you really get to know and get attached to the characters.On top of the game looking amazing, they nailed the atmosphere.The prompts are well designed, in that they tell you both what to do and what you're going to do, without breaking the immersion."
,Recommended,282140,24034628,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tobias Solem,"SOMA is a linear narrative of the philosophical and subjective experience of existence. It deals with metaphysics and the perspectives you have on being by subjecting you through the experiences of a dying patient (the main character and protagonist of the story). Do not expect your choices in this game to really matter outside your own emotional connection to them, there are no ""different endings"" or real ""consequences"" but there is a great game here, a very interesting story and an incredibly well-made game in terms of narrative, characters, story and atmosphere. What the game lacks is made up in spades by those elements.So what does this game lack, you ask? Well, first of all this game is supposed to be a ""horror""-experience, and the element is essentially a ""monster"" walking around in a closed space where you are, and as it comes near you ""loud noises"" are played followed by different glitches in your ""perspective"". The rest of the game is essentially, walk from A to B, figure out an easy puzzle and then avoid more of these things, all while solving more easy ""puzzles"". Once you figure it out the experience can be a bit diluted, but I feel that the story elements and the atmosphere of it definitely make up for it. Personally I'd rather have fewer of the enemies as they just become annoying after awhile. It's not like the gameplay element comes anywhere near the rest of the game... more like a very dumbed down ""sneak-game"" with contrived puzzles, since the game is so linear, I'd rather have had it be cutscenes and ""walking around and looking at the amazing visuals"". I do understand that this would almost make the game a ""movie"" but the gameplay doesn't add anything to the experience in my opinion. Loud music and ""jump scare while monster is running at you"" over and over just becomes predictably unscary.With this caveat, this game still has some of the best storytelling I've had in a game lately, and the questions you ask yourself while playing this, while pondering ""what's going on"" is a rollercoaster unlike any other. Well done!"
,Recommended,282140,24032473,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Where's the Banana Juice?,"This game was up there in my favorites. It has the perfect balance of tension and calmness, while avoiding cheap jumpscares. This game doesn't only scare the crap out of you, it makes you really think. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who liked Outlast and other horror games."
,Recommended,282140,23967394,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Wolfze,Awsome game! The game offers one of the most unique stories that i've ever encountered!
76561198173081223,Recommended,282140,23971729,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Drizzly,Couldn't have found another game as scary as this- PS; I spent both 2 hours of the start crouching x.x
,Recommended,282140,27346574,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Suigeneris_,"Terrific game. Really thought provoking stuff about what it means to be human. After the game was done, I jumped on the forums to compare thoughts. Again, very interesting premise- I cant get into specifics without getting into spoiler territory, so I wont.Graphically, this game has a kind of low budget look to it, but it was developed by a small independent company with a staff of less than 15, so that's understandible, it looks good enough to provide an engaging atmosphere.The only real negative I have is that there are 2 parts of the game that are incredibly frusterating to get through because you have no way of defending yourself, which makes no sense. There are objects (pipes, etc) laying around the environment that you should logically be able to grab and use for defense. If you see a monster, the only thing you can do is hide, and that would be fine, except for the fact that they spawn exactly where you need to be to reach your objective, even if you lead them down a hall and get them out of the way, when you get to your objective, they'll spawn right there anyways, often behind you. This can feel cheap, as you're dead in one hit. One of these parts in particular was so frusterating that I almost gave up and uninstalled the game, I'm glad I didn't though, because the game gets better and better the further you progress.One last thing I'll say, stay for the credits.."
76561198045087185,Recommended,282140,27149473,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,maddogg,10 existential crises out of 10
76561197965279377,Recommended,282140,27170369,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cidd,SOMA is a great Sci-fi thriller that will keep you thinking through the entire game.  The storyline for this game was awesome and keeps you wondering what will happen next and you will always have questions that will probably not get answered.
76561198105194541,Recommended,282140,27061211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TurtleGeneral,Very atmospheric!
,Recommended,282140,26997328,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Radmelon,Finally found an underwater place I want to be in less than Rapture. 10/10 would run from WAU again.
,Recommended,282140,26999960,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Air,"No joke, this game gave me a bit of an existential crisis after I had completed it. No other game has had that sort of impact on me.Soma has something that I feel like a lot of horror games lack: A compelling story which doesn't just lie in the background. I am simply not a big fan of horror games that only try to be scary and not much more. I don't want to be startled, being afraid of a generic monster, I want to be unsettled by the setting and the story.Soma, unlike many others, felt immersive with its storytelling. I kept wanting to learn more about what was going on and I wanted to see how the story would end. It's the kind of game where I probably couldn't forgive myself if I had left it half-finished. Even past that, choices somehow felt meaningful here. I had no idea if my choices in the story mattered, but the choices I had to make forced to to stop and think about them and what could be the morally greater choice. Overall, the story is incredibly impactful and is undoubtedly the best part of the game.This isn't to say that the scary stuff isn't good, either. As I said that I don't want to be simply startled, this game doesn't do that, there are no boring jumpscares here. What this game will do instead is make you panic and cower, and I love that about this game compared to other horror games(...even though I don't handle adrenaline very well). You know when the ""monsters"" are close and generally where they are, but that doesn't make them any less frightening. Realizing that I forgot something important in the other room, getting chased back to that room, and then fumbling to lock the door, not many games have made me panic like that.As for visuals, the game isn't technically impressive and I saw some pretty low shadow resolutions in some areas, but the game did perform very well(played the Linux version). But you know what? Graphical fidelity isn't what's most important. Where this game shines is within the visual design, particularly the atmosphere. The atmoshphere can really get you immersed in the game and lets the whole creepiness of the environment settle in.Overall, this is definitely one of the best horror games that I've played(if notthebest). It's definitely a game to pick up if you like horror games or good interactive storytelling at all."
,Recommended,282140,27038113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,footinwall,"SOMA for “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” 2016!"
76561198083257228,Recommended,282140,23392964,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Cpt PikPik,100/100Pros: makes you think about life.Cons: makes you think about life........
,Recommended,282140,26915333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,downshifting,GOTY 2015
76561198036698685,Recommended,282140,23140535,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Gregorovich,"I rather enjoyed this game. I agree with a previous review that this is more of a sci-fi novel in video game form rather than a survival horror. Excellent atmosphere in terms of both graphics and sound; I was really drawn into the story and was rather emotionally invested in the characters. I was somewhat reminded of the movie Sphere. If you're a fam of good hard sci-fi and an unfolding story, I highly recommend this game."
76561197985762128,Recommended,282140,23310684,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Klot,"SOMA is a wonderful game, it's the right kind of scary, atmospheric gameplay many will enjoy. Well written story, that keeps up the tempo i think. The story progresses in a good pace, i recommend this game for everyone."
76561197975322799,Recommended,282140,23329791,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Foxxypants,"This is, hands down, the best horror/thriller game I\'ve probably ever played, and arguably one of the best games I\'ve ever played, period. It\'s as if Amnesia, Dead Space, and BioShock had a glorious love-child. Excellent gameplay, phenomenal story, and pure unadulterated terror. 10/10 would upload my consciousness to the Ark again"
76561198271668863,Recommended,282140,23149707,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Fled Nanders,"Loving it so far! It's not working all that great on my mac but the story is keeping me going. Some of the great games it reminds me of are Dead Space and Bioshock, but it's definitely not the same as either. Can't wait to play more!"
76561198186172753,Recommended,282140,23440378,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,shiftydonovan,"Sad About Robots: The Game.The atmosphere in this game is wonderful as many others have said, but I really appreciate the way it grows throughout the game. Once the game really starts, it takes it from a semi-generic 'lab of interesting science' setting, descending into 'well I can't go that way, the robo-cancer destroyed the door so I guess I'll take the path next to that pitifully wheezing near-corpse right after I let this horrible growth suck my arm because a monster with no eyes and extreme breathing problems beat me up and left me for dead.' Also, you get to experience the bottom of an oceanic trench, which as we already knew, is ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying.I can honestly say SOMA is totally worth the time, money, and gut-punches."
,Recommended,282140,22856757,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mongoose,"Wow, what an amazing game! I love reading sci-fi books and have read plenty of stories about human consciousness, personal identity and all those philosophical ideas. This game has a similar story except it immerses you in it. I can see why people play with mods that remove the monsters so they can focus on the story. I didn't mod it though, it's a perfect game as is! If you like good games, play it. If you like thought provoking games, definitely play it!"
,Recommended,282140,22848198,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,brown.laura83,I loved this game. Scary and atmospheric with wonderful voice acting and a very thoughtful story. Beautiful graphics and fun to play as well as thought-provoking.
76561198060189202,Recommended,282140,22728160,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,degeus71,"SOMA's story has an unexpected depth with so many layers that it could easily be made into a movie or a sci-fi book.There's a horror aspect to it, of course, but the player will walk away enriched in a far more profound way than that.This isn't as much a game as it is a awesome course  on ""Meaning of Life"" and other topics like ""Is there life after death"".One thing is sure, if you are mature enough to appreciate the deeper questions of life then this game will be unforgetable and the most time you will spend with this game will be while you are NOT playing it.That said, someone looking for ONLY the Horror may walk away disappointed. You get to savour quite a few hours before the♥♥♥♥♥♥really starts hitting the fan, so it requires more patience than your ussual run of the mill Horror experience. And there may not be enough gore for those that essentially crave that aspect of Horror."
,Recommended,282140,22713098,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Maniac,Excellent story.
,Recommended,282140,22731582,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,soar,"This was a phenominal game.  I am not usually a fan of horror games, and could not bring myself to finish Amnesia, but the mix of horror/ avoiding spooky things/ a FANTASTIC Sci-Fi story led me to find this game to be absolutely fantastic.  Would recommend."
,Recommended,282140,22812355,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rau Aznable,"This isn’t just a great scary game, as expected from Frictional Games. It’s also an excellent science fiction story which will make you ask yourself what makes you human."
,Recommended,282140,22720629,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Gear,"Soma is a beautifull game that makes you think about what life is and what defines being alive.In Soma you play Simon, a young man struck with a life ending brain injury after a car accident. In his desperate attempt to save himself he's willing to try an experimental treatment. I won't go into details on what the treatment is or does, suffice to say that this starts simon on a life altering yourney and discovery of what life is or perhaps is not.Looking at the steam page you'll obviously notice that this is a scary game aswell. The scares are done in a smart and refined matter though. The entire context of what is happening is very well defined and there is nevere a moment when things felt cheap.This game had me thinking allot about the consequences of my actions afterwards. And this is something any story medium only rarely achives.I recomend this game for anyone who likes story driven games."
76561197995954167,Recommended,282140,22815686,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bradapalooza,"While the monsters themselves were alternatively frustratingly hard or stupidly easy (bad detection system? -- idk -- lots of varied reports from different reviews; for me it was 1 part annoyingly tough 4 parts easy) and its easy to lose your way, overall the game is fantastic."
,Recommended,282140,22862967,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Joos,"It's like being part in a Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥book. As such, it is not necessarily a game for everyone. The gameplay mechanics are solid, but what put this on the recommended list for me, is the hard sci fi story."
76561197963602689,Recommended,282140,27417407,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,speccaN,"Amazing game, amazing story. Play it"
,Recommended,282140,27599878,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SurgeOfUnrest,This game will leave you messed up
76561197970570518,Recommended,282140,27591455,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Darwin,"SOMA, more than any other fictional piece ever, has provoked my understanding of the fibers of my being.  highly recomend."
76561198244505142,Recommended,282140,29107045,Posted: 7 January,all,Womb Raider,"Another masterpiece of survival horror game.If (Amnesia: The Dark Descent) is the King of all horror games,then (SOMA) must be the Queen accompanying around"
,Recommended,282140,27561279,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PiP,"""WHOOAAAA, DUDE!""award content right here. I loved this game experience, the voice acting was incredible and the ending had me think about more stuff than I should."
,Recommended,282140,27625348,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sparq,This is one of the deepest story I've ever played.  Frictional Games made masterpiece.
76561197988409607,Recommended,282140,27608764,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cthulhu,this takes horror to a whole new level. Being inside a mind that is inside a nightmare. its an endless loop
76561197978396938,Recommended,282140,28173715,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,brian.smith,"Easily the best game I've played. Every single aspect is well thought out. Game play and storyline are set in a beautiful and realistic environment. The devolopers have their♥♥♥♥♥♥straight. This game easily puts anything from Eidos Montreal to shame and that is a shame, because it's the best story I've played through since the original Looking Glass Studio games which Eidos ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ized into money grubbing trash. This game should sell for triple what it does."
,Recommended,282140,28277316,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ibo-Wan,"Who are we, where are we? Will the technology be the doom of the humankind, or the saviour?So many questions and so many feelings got together in this beautiful piece of art.A must play for everyone, especially for philosopy and sci-fi aficionados. 10/10"
,Recommended,282140,28276842,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,gedusa,"Really enjoyable game, loved the cerebral style and atmosphere. Not usually a fan of horror games, but the story and the ideas kept me hooked."
76561198121482091,Recommended,282140,18213416,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,quickdeath12345,i got it day of realease pr order thinking about it now this game is really good relying on the horror from more of the story and overal decisions u make in the game and the dark undertone of the morail of humans and what makes us human the creepyness is more in the story than in the monsters and i love that about this game 9/10
76561198084125990,Recommended,282140,18213460,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,You,Really good keeps getting better and better as you play.
76561198041927090,Recommended,282140,18213561,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Clever Muffin,I highly reccomend this game! Look I know it has puzzles which can definitely be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at times but like the end run is sooo worth it! You have no idea what you are about to dive into.
,Recommended,282140,18213633,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Audeez,"Art, writing, voice, sound, pacing, everything! Frictional are the masters of EVERTYTHING in the genre of narrative horror.Just as Amnesia: The Dark Descent was a colossal step up from the Penumbra games, SOMA is yet another colossal step up for these amazing developers. With a thoughtful, but unpretentious story, masterfully written and acted, and presented with Frictional's immersive attention to just the right details, SOMA is a whole package and not just a few decent scenes.If you're looking for jump scares you'll find a few, but if that's all you want then stick to Five Nights at Freddy's. If you want true horror, a smart story, brilliant production, and some of the most tense experiences I've ever had in a game, then grab SOMA now!"
76561197975254245,Recommended,282140,18213726,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,questionableBamboo,"Probably the most beautiful game I've ever played, and by far my favourite. Frictional Studios just keeps getting better."
,Recommended,282140,18214270,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,BlueBead,"The story of this game is an amazing and though-provoking experience. The world-building, the environments, the characters, the voice acting, the ending... everything about this game is amazing! I enjoyed every second of it."
76561198118749005,Recommended,282140,18214354,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bourbon Red Turkey,"I love horror games, I mean if you could check out my wishlist it is almost all the games are horror games. I love them, I get this weird thrill from them. Some people like roller costers I like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants over a horror game/movie. So with that being said, this game has brought up so many emotions: happy, angry, scared, scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, brave, sad, the list could go on and on. 100% recommoned. The only thing I wish was that there was a bit more direction and a bit mor explaination. I mean it is all there and you can easily figure out what is going on and where to go but if you want the nitty gritty details then you have to pay close attention and read all the notes and etc. Not a horrible thing but when you are considered with not dieing and making it through the game it is difficult to really focus on the lore. But regardless, the storytelling is indeed superb. I am going to do a let's play of it where my friends who do not like these kinds of games at all play it while I laugh at their pain. So if that interests you definitely check out TheGameGuild on youtube and ChocolateTai on twitch. that isn't the important thing, the important thing is to buy and play this game. Like seriously, don't miss out."
,Recommended,282140,18214468,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Dark Dragon,"Normally I'd never play a horror game. Jumpscares would get to me and I would wind up quitting, knowing I could look up the plot later. However, in SOMA, it immersed me with a kind of depth that you can only appreciate when you're in it.Definitely worth the cost, and is the only horror game that truly got me hooked."
,Recommended,282140,18214478,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,The Maul,Much more pervasive than Amnesia. This is a new kind of horror. Concept horror. Lovecraftian in execution.Instant classic.
,Recommended,282140,18214389,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Varlus M.D.,"4 hours in.While it does not have the oppresively frightening and foreboding flair of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, SOMA builds an impressively immersive world with a well-written, if chilling, story, backed by a mostly well acted script (there's the occasional narmy sentence, but nothing serious).Gameplay wise it's more of the same formula: explore the abandoned surroundings while looking for clues and ways to progress, which works perfectly given the mood and setting of the game. Sanity meter and effects are gone, I'm sad to say (replaced by a sort of interface screw in case you're badly injured), but they are not as missed as they were in Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs. The puzzles for the most part involve fiddling with mechanisms, computer options, and the occasional item to pick up (you do have an inventory this time), with less focus on physics-based contraptions. Both stealth segments and frantic escapes make a return, and the game even gives you a modicum of choice regarding how to proceed from time to time (do you activate this button or throw this lever? both have their consecuences, some immediate and game changing, some morally based)Technically speaking, the game looks polished and runs mostly fine (there's the occasional framedrop, particularly when loading a new area; nothing gamebreaking, though) and controls as tightly as past Frictional games. There's even an FOV slider for people who suffer from simulation sickness.All in all, while it lacks a certain ""punch"" in the scares department, the setting is engrossing and its story solid (assuming you're into sci-fi, that is).Hey, at least your character doesn't have amnesia this time!"
,Recommended,282140,18214754,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Pixyl,I had to play this game with a catheter and adult diapers
76561198049115698,Recommended,282140,18214830,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Eddsky,Another masterpiece from Frictional Games. Terrifying to say the least.
76561197970420070,Recommended,282140,18215061,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,mackjsm,Makes Bioshock look like a dumb shooter...   and the underwater play..   is too real..  the story is crazy good too...
76561198020990330,Recommended,282140,18215404,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,HANZIE,Amazing and terrifying. Just as good if not better than the dark descent. The sci-setting is beautiful and well done. A great experience and great story.
,Recommended,282140,18177565,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sonic,Did you like Alien: Isolation?Then you'll love this game. Amazing in every aspect of the genre of horror!
76561197993563888,Recommended,282140,18177776,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Mysterious Sponge,"Crazy game to mess with your head, true sci-fi horror."
,Recommended,282140,18177812,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Doug,It's like Bioshock meets Alien Isolation. Brillaint.
76561198033218324,Recommended,282140,18177873,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lurgee,Play please.
,Recommended,282140,28302320,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,grimvitality,I love this game a ton. Very immersive and full of story and detail. It truly is a piece of art.
76561198051704594,Recommended,282140,28302483,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Joves McChivo,Did you like Bioshock 1 and 2?Do you enjoy games where you are entirely helpless to the enemies despite a plethora of options to kill them realistically?Do you want to question your very existance as a human and make potentially emotionally scarring choices?This game is for you!
,Recommended,282140,28350227,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DAS k1ishEé,"One of the best games I've ever played due to story and atmosphere. Stroke into my mind and never let go off me. Ignore the gameplay flaws and get into it, now!"
76561197970616873,Recommended,282140,28347194,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,tuz,"The first 4 hours of this game were great. The narrative is really strong, profound and though-provoking. Combined with the creepy atmosphere and environment, it was really entertaining, and quite scary, to play and to discover the world. It reminded me of the early levels of System Shock 2.However after that the game plateaus. The gameplay is fairly rudimentary (walk, point and click, solve silly puzzles), heavily linear and scripted. Even the monsters loose their fearfulness. And while the voice acting is excellent, some of the dialogue from the protagonist is bizarre... a mix of nonchalanche and dumbness."
,Recommended,282140,28349020,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,binaryblob,Best gaming experience since years.
76561198066265981,Recommended,282140,28417784,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Casual Scrub,get it
,Recommended,282140,28486368,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KuntaoDaChump,"This game is breath-taking. Scary, and all around interesting. The stroyline is so unique, and I haven't played a game like this, pretty much ever. The ending isso sad, and crazy depressing. A game hasn't made me feel for a character like this. At least not that I can remember.Great job devs. Another awesome game!"
76561197970506838,Recommended,282140,28213791,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,lastarchon,One of the best story-driven sci-fi games ever made.
,Recommended,282140,28207873,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,bararaikaKugari,Who Am I?
,Recommended,282140,28194987,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,leary.brent,Atmospheric sci/fy journey.  Mainly hiding from monsters while trying to acquire items.  Storyline is interesting and the best part.
,Recommended,282140,28090798,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DrPistolwhip,"This will be my first game review. And boy is this game deserving of a review.In my eyes, SOMA has managed to excel at being an exceptional and convincingly frightening, enveloping experience without being in your face, but rather slowly spoon-feeds you bits of its psychological-horror story. Frictional clearly has mastercafted a scifi narrative in this game that will blow your mind into the next parsec as it tells a horrific tale of implications rooted in the real world of human-machine interaction. I have never been so awed with the beautiful fusion of excellent storytelling, artwork and theatrical gameplay in a horror genre first person game.The creatures in this game are so twisted that poo *will* come out when you encounter them.Bravo Frictional. In the modern market of quick-spin blockbuster hits that deliver on graphical fidelity first, instill artificial expectations in the online gamer community, then never deliver, you've proven there are developers breaking this mold in the light of creating a true work of art."
,Recommended,282140,28088669,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,b a l s a m i c r o w,"This game should be required playing for anyone interested in horror games, or just video games in general, really. It's a masterpiece. It has to have one of the best stories ever told in a video game. The gameplay is constantly interesting, immersive, and often makes you feel totally helpless. Really a must-play."
76561198076784621,Recommended,282140,28105862,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,♦ Deckard Kaine ♦,"Is like Half-life. But with better story. Better visuals. More atmospheric. More horrid. More mature. More philosophical... Actually, it's nothing like Half-life.10/10"
76561198060668694,Recommended,282140,28379903,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MurKMaideR,"If you're a fan of Frictional games, you'll love this phycological thriller as well. Controls are buttery smooth and the story is gripping. Highly recommend if you want an interesting brainteaser that makes you think."
76561198301177945,Recommended,282140,28380880,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,p037sh4d0w,"10/10Graphics: Very good. As usual Frictional delivered here.Story: The story keeps you on your toes, not knowing what to really expect next. There are some puzzling situations and there are many oppurtunities to elaborate on the story. It is pretty lengthy which is amazing. Although they could have done some sort of alternate start it was definitely not needed.Philosophy: Something that I love in games like this. If you don't just go through thinking @monster monster! then you'll pick up so many details that will make you truly think about things. What things is up for you to decide.Difficulty: This was one thing that I personally think could have been changed. The game is pretty easy throughout most of it. Though the scripting is great for instances with monsters, as usual, it's obvious when the monsters are just ""coming"" versus when you need to start running. However, there are a couple of instances that really make up for the lack of difficulty that will have you just floored."
76561197987514358,Recommended,282140,28381004,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hiena,"Amazing game, Highly recomended. This game make you think about life and reality. One of the best games I ever played."
,Recommended,282140,28595131,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Alpha,"Maybe one of the best game I ever played.The sotry is very intersting and pretty deep , especially if you watch the video and piece of story on the developper website (only after you finished the game of course!)Scrary as well , but not with stupid loud scream of robot , it's more feel like ""true"" and ""natural"" horror.I will definitely recommend this product."
,Recommended,282140,27479287,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ghostbroker,Amazing store and a great atmosphere. Played this game when it first came out and still find myself thinking about it and referencing it all that time later.
,Recommended,282140,21225394,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Nite_Traveler,"What an experience. There is just so much to love about this game. Frictional has done very well.If you're at all interested in the deepest parts of the ocean, questions of consciousness, artificial intelligence or the soul, love horror games, or are just an Amnesia fan wanting to see what this is all about, I highly recommend SOMA.It is not for the faint of heart. I honestly can say this game has scared me more than any other. And that includes Alien Isolation which previously held that title. There are some moments here with creatures so alien, sound design so masterfully disturbing, and visuals so disorienting that I just had to stop and gather my wits before I could continue. Some creatures can be easily avoided. Others must be stalked and approached in order to advance. And sometimes that was just so hard to do, having to move towards something that you dare not look at (due to the insanity/glitching effect reminiscent of Amnesia, coupled with the visuals and audio distortions that accompany the creatures) and cannot possibly fathom what it is. I've never seen or heard anything quite like it. Plus there are moments at the very deepest parts of the ocean, the very concept of which chills me to the core, never mind how well executed SOMA's presentation of it was. Absolutely incredible.Then there are all of the moral and philosophical questions SOMA asks. Many times throughout your journey, you'll learn something and have the opportunity to reflect on what you learned, and make a choice. These are questions that may seem far off to us in 2016, but could become increasingly relevant to future generations. And that's ultimately what SOMA arrives at, one possible vision for what the future of humanity could become. The story has some great twists and turns, even a few shocks, but by the end things come together in a very satisfying way.The visual and audio pieces of SOMA weave together to create a deeply immersive environment. Absolutely phenomenal sound design. And some of the locations just looked fantastic. Controls are intuitive and responsive, and while much of the gameplay is based on exploration and survival, there are a few puzzles scattered throughout to keep things interesting. Everything ran very well for me and I enjoyed the experience on a triple monitor setup which made things all the more immersive.At times, the characters felt a bit off, their disposition and motivations strangely calm and collected under, er, very unpleasant circumstances. But I did enjoy the characters, the choices they made and the objectives they sought to fulfill. The story was gripping and there are many pieces to be found of it through audio logs, computer records and much more. Enemies at times could become tedious, having to get past a stubborn enemy without looking at it or getting yourself killed could become frustrating. Other times, simply horrifying. I guess I shouldn't complain that not all of them were so scary.I feel the need to end by saying that SOMA took me to some places and showed me some things I could never have imagined existed, and wouldn't want to. All in all, this is a deeply philosophical and disturbingly frightening adventure at the bottom of the ocean that must not be missed. SOMA comes highly recommended.Edit: Have just nominated this game for The “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award, because it deserves it."
,Recommended,282140,27390336,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neg,This game made me question the very idea of conciousness.
,Recommended,282140,27290129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Axli,"Suprised I never wrote a review for this game. Thanks for reminding me, Steam.Hands down one of the best games I ever played. An intense story that keeps you interested and caring till the very end.It plays like a great sience fiction novel, exploring an idea we'll probably need to face some day in the future. Don't want to spoil anything, so I won't get into any details.But if you like a good story, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,282140,27288451,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FluffyMcgee,Good Game
76561198021900810,Recommended,282140,27362668,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fernando Lopez,Absolutly fantastic !!!Buy it !!!
76561198093062341,Recommended,282140,18874449,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Colt027,"First of all this game is brilliant. Such a strongly written imersive horror game. It makes you question what it really means to be alive and also delievers adrenline packed, heart racing, mind tingling game play as you avoid the various monsters that you encounter having to think your way out of many situations. I highly recommend this game to any person who enjoys the horror genre.Edit. Better plot twist than bioshock."
,Recommended,282140,20485490,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Ezra P.,"Immersive story built on a rather disconcerting concept, that makes you reevaluate life.Not as scary as Amnesia, and the monster encounter parts aren't that good.There are also less puzzles, and they are much easier, then in earlier games.The sounds and atmosphere are amazing, the game feels much more realistic than Penumbra. The interiors are well designed, map layouts make sense and doesn't feel like you're just walking along a path to the ending.Worth buying overall. 9/10"
,Recommended,282140,20388804,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,GeoG85,"I got hooked on Dark Descent from ♥♥♥♥♥'s recommendations of blind runs.  Pigs was a bit lackluster due to being pulled in 2 different directions: Chinese Room Vs. Frictional(still liked it imo).  And here we have SOMA.  I blind ran this game, played through it about 3-4x, and theorycrafted with a buncha redditors on WTF is going on in this game.  Graphics 5/5, you feel immersed.  User Interface, 5/5, +bonus immersion.  Story was grand - the philosophies portrayed in this game and by Fricitonal just blew my mind: I devoted a few weeks just questioning what defines my humanity.  There's a lot of talk about the monsters lacking, but, honestly: yea, the AI ain't super advanced, but that's not Frictional's specialty - creating atmospheric horror is.  They provided me with enough challenge to continue on the story without being frustrated(also was fun seperating my fear of the monsters vs. trying to analyze their movements).  Sound/Music were good, only problem is, which it ain't really a problem - Machine for Pigs just had the best music, hands down.  I don't blame Frictional at all for not competing with that but none of the sounds, musics, or voices deterred anything.   The voice acting was solid too.   5/5 overall, really can't recommend any changes to make the game any better than it is."
,Recommended,282140,20389140,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,missvalerietanner,"tl;dr - Fantastic atmosphere and engaging (and unique) enemies at every stage all wrapped up nicely in a tale about what it means to truly be human in a post-apocalyptic world where everything is robotic. I spent 13 hours with SOMA, and every instant was enthralling. Even if you disliked Amnesia, give SOMA a chance and see how far Frictional Games has come since the Dark Descent.[ FAVORITE DETAILS ABOUT SOMA ]**Realistic human characters who are just trying to survive. No one pretends to be the hero. Simon worries, panics, and freaks out. One minute he's kind, and the next he's brutally harsh. He's human and real, and  he envelopes you in his world creating an immersive experience greater than most games out there.**Stunning graphics and gorgeous textures that feel unique from stage-to-stage without repeat. PATHOS-II feels almost like home after visiting Rapture and the Ishimura, but unlike Bioshock and Dead Space, there's an air of hope here among the dead. And while those games may have come before, SOMA manages to stand out, providing a view of the Atlantic Ocean left untouched by Rapture.**You never meet the same enemy twice. I LOVE this! Each enemy has a unique set of skills, offering a welcomed balance between running for your life and hiding in the shadows. One of my favorite chapters involved an enemy who was blind, so you could easily hide in plain sight, offering a nice break in gameplay. BUT he had excellent hearing so tread lightly.**SOMA tells a story you won't soon forget. Twists and turns drag you from one place to the next as you search for answers, and when you're given the chance to find them, it's heartbreaking and bittersweet. One minute you'll be cheering because you managed to slide through a doorway before succumbing to death, and the next, you'll be broken by the world in ways you will NOT expect.**I can't say enough good things about this game. I am utterly in love with it. Don't see it as a horror game, and don't see it as a science fiction game, and don't even see it as a story about robots or the apocalypse because it is SO much more. It's sweet yet tragic, beautifully broken yet hopeful. It's a unique experience with great characters and a well-written, well-planned storyline. SOMA may repeat some of the ideas and locations of other games, but it still manages to be a completely new experience, never once feeling like a copycat."
,Recommended,282140,20170352,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Doom-Slayer,Fantastic game. Ruined teleporters for me forever.
,Recommended,282140,20044049,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dmitry Odd,"SOMAэто не хоррор, хотя она пытается казаться хоррором.Frictional Games сделали для нас очередной шедевр.На юге Швеции, более конкретно в городе Хельсингборг. Раб. из собственных домов.Являясь одним из хардкорных игроков -Penumbraи серииАмнезияя ждал релиз SOMA  с большим азартом. Мы начинаем бродить по подводным базам искать ответы, так как человечество разрушило себя и в природе уже не существует термина - человек, лишь копии. (копии сознания людей которые могут также чувствовать и сопереживать, но без физического тела)Данные копии созданные остатками людей, которые успели выжить в коллапс.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorСделай это! выброси своё жалкое тело на свалку. Я загрузил своё сознание в машину, я бессмертен. Посмотри на себя, ты просто жалок!Бродя в поисках ответов на глубине где -то 10 994м куда - то постоянно протискиваясь находятся остатки живых людей безумно радуешься, но присматриваясь ближе, последняя надежда (люди) на системе жизнеобеспечения неспособная ничего предпринять, для успеха новой эры принимаешь тоску ещё глубже. Подводные приключения в SOMA больше сводятся к тоске и безжизненному блужданию в пустоте без людей. Это больше футуристическая драма. Сильно напрягает невозмутимый герой отношением ко всему происходящему вокруг.Жизнь в SOMA - это относительный термин. Кокой - то кусок можно использовать, но не более.Всё приключение приходятся бегать от станции к станции, нажимая кнопки, запуская нужные механизмы. По пути будут встречаться непонятные создания\монстры. Которым вы ничего не можете противопоставить, приходится только прятаться.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorПереплюнуть создателя или остаться под влияние физической плоти.Преодолев все препятствия и собрав важные данные человечества пытаетесь запустить спутник с компьютеров в космос, где хранятся сознания всех людей, которые жили на этой подводной базе. Единственная жизнь, которая осталась на земле и вы хотя бы её пытаетесь спасти.Далее вас ждёт финал, который заставит вас задуматься. (его так обещали разработчики) Потрясающая история! Очень хорошо рассказанная, очень хорошо написанная.Одна из лучших игр 2015 года и лучшая футуристическая драма в истории! 9.5http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=523293436http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=523297549"
,Recommended,282140,20049007,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Todd in Space,"Good horror adventure, nice plot about what it means to be human (are we defined by our bodies, our minds?). It took me about 10 hours to finish."
,Recommended,282140,20059201,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The Last Nephilim,Game was awesome and worth the price. Storyline is great with a great ending as well. Kept me spooked throughout the game with curiosity always around the corner. So great.
76561197994509021,Recommended,282140,20055656,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MadManMarkAu,Absolutely amazing. Remember to stay after the credits. It makes everything better.
76561198018453018,Recommended,282140,20055765,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SepH,"SOMA is a very good game. (this review contains 0 spoilers)There are alot of reviews that slate certain game play elements (some enemy sections being tedious). While i agree i was stuck at certain bits for a bit longer than i would have liked (due to my failing) i cant mark the game down for this.This is a very thought provoking game, that has left me thinking about the concepts it puts in front of you for a long time after i have stopped playing. Not alot of games do this.If you loved Anmesia: The dark descent, and felt let down by A machine for pigs, buy this game and play it.It doesnt reach the scare factor of amnesia, (almost - but maybe, amnesia was the first truly scary game i have played!) but it bridges the gap between the two games. Its scary, the is a great thought provoking story. There is good game time for the investement."
,Recommended,282140,20096864,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheKPG,This game is Awesoooommmmmeeeeeeeee.
,Recommended,282140,28607686,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,gayt0r,"Ok. Ths is my absolute favorite game. Period. This was a hundred thousand times better than Amnesia in my opinion. The atmospohere of Amnesia was captivating -- Who doesn't love exploring creepy castles? However, the story was really dumb, and fell apart towards the end. People who consider Amnesia the flagship of Frictional Games were probably just so young that everything scared them that much. I disagreed with them vehemently because of the story. I just couldn't handle it, and I felt like it ruined the game.This? BOTH creepy, frightening, and fantastic story! To the people who say that the creepiness ruined a ""Sci-Fi game,"" shut the f*** up. This was obviously a horror game before everything, and this was not a way to ""brag going all 'Hey! We made Amnesia!' People like you seriously need to get the hell off the review system. What is the genre of this game? HORROR. You were sorely mistaken if you thought this was supposed to be anything else. I can refer you to thousands of other Sci-Fi titles like this without the horror.Stay away. These horror games are few and far in between. People like you need to GTFO and don't even dare give Frictional Games any ideas. Just play ANY other dumb Sci-Fi game, seriously. Don't ruin it for people like me who actively seek out horror games with good stories. Anyway .I digress. The ending of this game was a little bit sad, but anyone could have seen it coming from a mile away. Simon, though, definitely did not, which is why I don't really sympathize with him. He was an idiot who irritated me for the most part.The puzzles were incredily reminiscent of Amnesia, which I seriously loved. There is nothing like trying to solve a puzzle while being stalked by some creepy monster. The concepts and ideas in this game are just revolutionary. Please, Frictional Games, continue trying new genres and ideas. This completely blew me away. Frictional Games is officially my all-time favorite game developing company, and I'm going to look for more games made by these people. To everyone reading my ramble of a review, what are you even doing?If you like horror at all, get this! I'm not usually a big fan of Sci-Fi, but this was executed so well. Much like Amnesia, you wake up in the middle of a weird place without absolutely any  knowledge of what is going on. You have to progress further in the game to piece together the story, and whle in Amnesia it was just absurd and contradictory for the most part, in this game there were absolutely no contradictions. Everything was connected flawlessly! All the characters were consistent, and felt very realistic and concrete.Buy this game already! It's a steal at 10.99 dollars."
,Recommended,282140,28846796,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,G·Man87,Survival horror and deep philosophy. This game has you hooked all the way to the very end.
76561198025402212,Recommended,282140,28872801,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DomeAcolyte,"Best game ever if you like trying to flush everything in your flat down the toilet.Also good if you like spine-chilling, cleverly written games with philosophical subtext."
76561198237852786,Recommended,282140,28880059,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jonathan.fine4,"Take settings inspired by BioShock, horror elements from Amnesia (another Frictional game), and sprinkle in some existential questions and impossible decisions and you have SOMA.I would say SOMA has a more interesting story than Amnesia, but isn't quite as scary. (This isn't all bad, though. Amnesia was so scary that it was hard for me to want to finish it!)I applaud you, Frictional Games. Awesome game."
,Recommended,282140,31076969,Posted: 11 April,all,linuxisskynet,"A truly awesome game, they have really grown as a developer. This is a game that I think about a lot longer after I've finished it. The ending is so perfect! I hope they stay this route with story-ritch games."
,Recommended,282140,31085891,Posted: 11 April,all,Juicethief,"Amazing game.  The ""monsters"" can be a little annoying at times, but overall the game is a masterpiece."
76561198029768535,Recommended,282140,31104267,Posted: 12 April,all,Patrick Thornberry,This game makes you think on what it means to be human. Scary as ♥♥♥♥ though but great story.
,Recommended,282140,19388654,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Josh,"Amnesia was fantasy horror.  It was a scary but fun adrenaline rush.  This game is more about existential dread.  It's very smart, and it's also probably the most bleak and depressing story imaginable.  I can't give it a thumbs up because I don't feel like it was a good experience; it was a good game, just a horrible experience to endure.  It feels like something I wish I had never discovered.  I guess that is impressive for a game to achieve and that should be taken as a compliment."
,Recommended,282140,25616589,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Duke,"Got chased down a dark, shady corridor by an overweight, malformed, naked man.I then came home and played SOMA. Is gud mane."
76561198052333799,Recommended,282140,31133845,Posted: 14 April,all,Naikues,perfect game! Everyone needs to play this
,Recommended,282140,31127724,Posted: 13 April,all,DankGamer,"Only a few hours in and already it has to be one of the most immersive horror games I've played in years. Being developed by the same team behind Penumbra and Amnesia, I already knew what was going to be in store. That being said, it's not as scary as Amnesia, but it's still scary and extremely tense and sometimes even disturbing. The variation within the enemies you encounter all play different, and so you need a different tactic to get past each one. The story is interesting enough with a few twists, and if you're a big fan of mysteries, this game has it. It also brings in some pretty interesting ideas, it forces you to do certain actions throughout that you may not always agree with, but that you need to make in order to progress. The atmosphere is incredible, even surpassing Amnesia in terms of immersion. It's extremely well optimised as well, running on a game engine that has some of the best physics I've seen since Half Life 2.I feel like some of the enemies could have been made to be a little more scarier, there are some that are downright terrifying but the first monster you face for example is really just a walking brick, but even so, it never stops the intense rush of running and hiding from threats that you cannot attack.If you're a fan of horror games, this is a must buy, and at the time this review was written, it's got a 66% discount which is an absolute steal.There's even Workshop support full of custom campaigns created by other people, and since they're unrestricted and can use the HPL engine to its fullest, they can include their own scripted events, animations, levels, voice acting and even custom enemies...A fantastic game made by a fantastic developer, and I can't wait to see what their next project will be...The easiest 9/10 I've ever had to give"
,Recommended,282140,31127630,Posted: 13 April,all,Team_Zodiac - Zoxne,"I can not put it into words. This game is far beyond ""great""... it's not even fantastic. It's a frickin' masterpiece of a game.The story, the characters, the environment, the permanent thrill, everything is just electrifying. Not even that the game made me actually thinking about ethics is purely amazing.This game. Is so ****ing. AWESOME.At this pint I have to admit that everyone who worked on this game made a great job; from character designer to voice actor. Fantastic piece of work you delivered there.I've already played a lot of games in my life and this one is now at all events in my top ten.EVERYONE! SHOULD PLAY!THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,282140,31147906,Posted: 14 April,all,parrk,"I was pretty blown away of the powerful story telling (and quite detailed if you investigate areas etc.) The gameplay is pretty straightforward, no combat, it's not about that and would be weird if there was, the focus is on the story and progression. There are quite a few minigames built in which make tasks more interesting. The game wasn't really scary to me, typically games won't do that to me, but it made the game suspenseful. Overall the game had a sense of Half Life and Alien Isolation.I can't stress how good the narrative is in this game, it's worth the price and playthrough to experience it. As others have said in reviews it will literally make you rethink life itself. Now past that, the graphics, level design, controls and sound are all great and make the experience that much better.I strongly recommend this game to people looking for a suspenseful story driven single player game."
76561198015192781,Recommended,282140,31147473,Posted: 14 April,all,Karyon13,"I loved this game. It has a very good story line, good effects, and intense moments that made it an entertaining game."
,Recommended,282140,31149516,Posted: 14 April,all,Don Glover,"Good game that lasts 8-9 hours, No replay value but there are mods to check out if you'd like to play more of it\\\\\\Overall 9/10//////Pros+Story+Some nice spoops+Doesnt rely on jumpscares to deliver a spoop+Atmosphear+Sounds+Monster variety+Rebindable KeysCons-Frame Dipping, on my RX 460 i dropped under 30FPS in some parts-Monsters can be buggy. I had a monsters AI break and camp a door i needed to go through, i had to let him kill me to continue.-Controller sensitivity is weird. pointing the stick up left, down right ect will tremendously increase the camera speed, this made me go through the game on keyboard and mouseThings that i personally dont likeThe camera glitching and spooky noises when you get near a monster. Not knowing when to be scared is the scariest thing ever, if the only way to tell if a monster was nearby was to listen for its feet faps or breathing would make it a whole lot better.No seperate audio options for music and sound FX, its either loud or not loudThe freezing going through load zones"
,Recommended,282140,31149672,Posted: 14 April,all,👑 Princess Mabel 👑,I say money worth spent on a horror game like this with the story about leaving a underwater sanctuary that all fell apart to the scary and strange creatures you are face with. So I would say if you want a horror game this would take the cake! ( ^ u ^ )
76561197966557804,Recommended,282140,28602664,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Rabid Otter,"When I started this game, I was utterly surprised. One does not start out underwater, but instead in Toronto, Ontario...While the start of this is not terrifying, your protaganist faces what could be a mysterious medial condition, a funeral and an absent-minded friend. Just as soon as I figure out how to drink the radioactive dye and go to see the specialist, I will be able to leave my apartment..."
76561198015573561,Recommended,282140,31165141,Posted: 15 April,all,MorningGhost,"Good graphics, environments and voice acting. Puzzles were not too hard to work out except the Ark Simulation which anyone playing this should just look up the answer to avoid frustration. Fans of Sci-fi or story driven, linear games will like it. Well worth the sale price."
76561198072252896,Recommended,282140,31171672,Posted: 15 April,all,Xnomorph,Please release a Soma 2 or something like Soma cause this game was phenomenal!
76561198023332110,Recommended,282140,31186269,Posted: 16 April,all,Flandy,I like!
,Recommended,282140,18230127,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Slowbro,"Shortform RecommendationIt is not a perfect game but the things it needs to nail for it to be one of the most memorable horror/sci-fi games in years it accomplishes so well. It may not be as terrifying of an experience as Amnesia: The Dark Descent as a whole but it does have those really genuinely terrifying moments even some of the best as I’ve seen in any game. And, finally it has one of the best sci-fi horror plots in video games since System Shock 2. It’s a 8-12 hour horror game that is worth probably replaying a few times which might not be worth the 30 dollars the game costs at launch but after a price drop or a sale I would definitely recommend anyone who is a fan of scary games picking it up.Also the game has some weird technical problems at the time of writing. It has some Bloodborne levels of bad load times and dreadfully slow texture pop-in when first starting up the game, but only sometimes. It’s weird. I hope this isn’t a problem in the future and it wasn’t game breaking while I played it but it was annoying.Longform Critical ReviewI was really pretty worried about this game when I heard the pitch of the high concept, actually. The first gameplay demo and story teasers presented it as this game that would be talking about “what it means to actually be human??” using narrative devices like robots, AI, and so on, which is a theme that has been tackled quite a lot in sci-fi. I was afraid the game would end up being highly iterative of things I might have already experienced but this time with spoooooooooky monsters.The end result reminds me of one of my favorite anime, Ergo Proxy. Which is a really great anime series from the mid-2000s that I highly recommend that is onYouTubeand you should check it out. It is not in that they have similar stories or tone, but in how they execute talking about broad-complex science fiction topics that have been talked about in other sci-fi works many times before. They talk about these philosophical issues of the self and reality by focusing on a smaller more personal story and the larger issues like the world having already ended and living in a post-apocalypse are only kind of the window dressing for the characters story arcs. I like this approach because it does not spend so much time gassing on about philosophy and “what it means to be a human” through exposition but we get to see how identity and dissociation effects our characters directly.And this is what really props up Soma and makes it one of the most memorable and interesting horror and sci-fi games because it allows us to really get invested in the character drama of these protagonists and what they are experiencing. I was really worried at first when I heard that player character of Soma was not going to be a silent protagonist because that often can kind of break immersion in some horror games when the main character will not shut up. In Soma though, it really feels natural because the stakes of the plot matter much more to the player when the person we are playing is an actual real person we can identify with and understand. And, we are revealed big plot reveals that twists in the story at the same time he is so he acts as our vessel into this world. What makes this work where it doesn’t in others is the quality of the writing.The writing is so good, like much better than The Dark Descent, which had pretty good writing but it definitely was not the focus. And the vioce acting is definitely also on par with the writing. The tone of the Dark Descent was mostly just dark and grim which probably explains why I have forgotten about most of the individual plot points by now. They have come a long way with Soma because they have those moments of levity and humor and also those sad and heartbreaking moments that come off as natural because of nearly immaculate pacing. It’s hard always being on edge the whole time and those quiet, less tense moments of dialogue between the main characters whether it is funny or sad break up the tense moments. It actually helps to elevate the tense moments with the monsters because we never know when we have a moment to breathe or when the next spooky thing happens.But like I said, it isn’t perfect. It strips away some of the more gamey aspects of their previous games like having to manage batteries for flashlights or fuel for lanterns but I would argue that it does it in a way that either does not bother me so much or maybe even for the better since a lot of those gameplay features in Frictional’s previous games, while interesting, weren’t done with the best execution at times. Also, in what is maybe taken out in the gameplay elements is made up for by writing and atmosphere that ramps up to spectacular new heights. It actually reminds me a lot of what The Chinese Room were trying to do with A Machine For Pigs but that game actually never really had the finesse of accomplishing. But, then that is just my feelings on the changes and some might fight the game too “walking simularory.”It kind of reminds me a lot of Gone Home which by now lives in infamy for many, for some reason, but a lot of that game is spent exploring a realistic environment and interacting with objects too, most of the game’s story telling is done through environmental design and the placement of objects. Like Gone Home did with its different rooms, one of the things I really enjoyed about Soma is how each of the games many levels had a different structural and artistic design which does two things: it sets the tone of each level visually and also contributes to the world building because it reinforces the notion we are on this base that has a purposefully fragmented layout where each building was constructed at different points of time so of course they would have different architectural design. This realistic theming of a completely ridiculous sci-fi premise also resonates in how they do the puzzles. It does the System Shock 2 puzzle design thing where a lot of the game is figuring out how to bypass the security systems and restore power to the facility that is breaking down by the minute. It might get repetitive for some but the way Soma keeps it fresh is that is uses these times of searching for the way to solve the next objective to focus on either character moments, world building, exposition, or making you avoid a spooky monster so that you are never bored.Finally this all leads up to an ending, an actual honest to god great ending to a video game, we do not get many of these. Honestly, a lot of what sold me on this game completely is that it sticks the ending so damn well. I don’t want to spoil anything but the ending is so good. It is like End of Evangelion good. It is like… Oldboy good. It is Perfect Blue good. It is good because it not only has a conclusion that fits tonally with the story and provides closure but because it ties everything together in a neat package and fits the overarching high concept of the game’s themes so well.I know I have been getting so artsy fartsy with this review but I cannot help it because I’m still so excited about this game, for whatever flaws it has it does what it needs to so well. It’s something that is highly memorable and will be something I will probably be talking about in the years to come. What makes it special from the other famous pieces of sci-fi that reach world-wide fame like The Matrix or Bioshock is that it doesn’t just talk about the broader philosophical questions of life but that it actually presents them in a way that is readily relatable and understandable because we see them through the lens of believable and likable characters.So yeah, it might not be the screaming into your face-cam for YouTube or playing with your friends on Halloween kind of horror game but it so much more than that and I can’t recommend it enough."
,Recommended,282140,27036499,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zach,"There are many things that make up the essence of a great video game, and highest among those qualities is a game's ability to stick with you even after its completion. In this regard, SOMA is an game that should be experienced by everyone. While not as scary or as atmospheric as its counterparts on Frictional Games' lineup, it more than makes up for this by challenging the players concept of life, purpose, and the horrors that lie therewithin. SOMA skips most of the traditional horror cliches in favor of a difficult storytelling path that not many horror games take, and in the end I believe it shines for this."
,Recommended,282140,27027242,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lukarikasos,I loved this game and I hoped it would never finish
76561197970843495,Recommended,282140,27030075,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Draea,"""Of course I'm human! Are you?"""
,Recommended,282140,27055480,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ongunacaroglu,One of the Best endings ever...
76561198013432172,Recommended,282140,27055573,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MouTaiN JEw,When i finished this game man my mind was gone it was like the time i watched the Sixth Sense it even changed my opinion of life
76561198020177836,Recommended,282140,26937761,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Butt Toucher Senpai,"This game wasn't what I expected when I went into it, but in a good way. I'll try my best not to spoil anything but this is one of those games that provokes thought and messes with your head in a interesting way. You're a man with a seemingly normal life, despite having constant internal bleeding in the brain that could lead to your death. After a visit to a doctor of sorts you suddenly wake up in a dark futuristic place. If you're into sci-fi horrors this is a must. Be warned though.. I have a fear of water monsters and I'm quite brave otherwise. But there's one section where I was very, very uncomfortable."
,Recommended,282140,26896067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThrillUrLife,Beautiful game. Deep story. Thoughtful.
76561198052410467,Recommended,282140,26910898,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lauscher [Prestige Hunter],"Amazing game, with an amazing story. This game will haunt you for weeks!"
,Recommended,282140,26929747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,F@ntasy,"9,001/10 -- f*cking incredible."
76561198036636161,Recommended,282140,26926749,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Noctvz,Best Sci-Fi horror
,Recommended,282140,26920794,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Artek [General],"Made by developers of ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" SOMA is an unforgettable semi-horror narrative-driven adventure that will make you reflect on a lot of things about Life in general and will most likely trigger a little existential crisis inside you.Do you want that? ... No? ... Well, then you MUST play this game.Time to get DEEP my friend. And in more meanings than one."
76561198177082357,Recommended,282140,31260141,Posted: 20 April,all,spook,"Immersive,atmospheric and astonishing.SOMA makes you  question the meaning of existence and being human.gr8 m8 very spooky buy now."
76561198096569487,Recommended,282140,31260130,Posted: 20 April,all,s_hawkins001,"Summary: Excellent game. Buy it. Now.Liked: gave me what I felt was missing from bioshock 1; more ""out in the water"" stuff! Brilliant story, Didn't feel like I was ""missing"" something at the end. It is rare for a game to leave me feeling ""satisfied. I do kind of hope they find a way to make a SOMA2 but, considering how the story ended, I don't think that's possible. I guess that's kind of what I mean. I feel that the excellent story is final and complete...satisfied. As for mechanics, as a survival horror/thriller, couldn't be more pleased with the game. mildly challenging, exciting, gory, mech meets meat, crazy creative, just a blast to play with great graphics (imo), a reasonably large map that hits the sweet spot, and realistic enough consequences for one's actions, it was great in almost every category. absolutely worth the money, even if you don't get it on sale like I did.Disliked: I didn't really feel drawn into the characters situation. Its hard to describe but, I guess after the opening sequence, I felt disconnected from the character I was playing. Its a small dislike but, with such an incredibly good story, I feel the fact that the character was an utter outsider who had nothing to do with the situation....he just kind of showed up...I kind of wish he had had more of a real part to play in the back story...if any of this makes sense. second gripe, there was alot of stuff lying around, but very little of it is of any use. Its basically a bunch of rocks to throw. I'm like, why put so much effort into putting random♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere if you can't really use any of it for anything? It was just weird...Again, buy it. You won't regret it."
76561198074927243,Recommended,282140,31256612,Posted: 20 April,all,Bram Stoker,8.5/10
,Recommended,282140,31255552,Posted: 20 April,all,sHoWmAn_____+++,"SOMA is smart and scary science fiction and it gives you chills .. Not all of its ideas work, but it's worth playing for the story alone. If i compare this game with outlast, SOMA is not that scary. You can continue to play after taking 1 min pause. For true experience use good pair of Headset.I will surely recommend to others. But like i said if you played Outlast , this will be like a piece of cake."
76561197970496900,Recommended,282140,31246580,Posted: 19 April,all,Aneurism,"best single player story driven game I've played in ages.  Looked into it after playing and some of the game concepts were based on the existential philosphy of Nick Bostrom, which was pretty cool.   Well worth the steam sale price!"
,Recommended,282140,31246994,Posted: 19 April,all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,"An amazing horror, I know I'm like mega late on this review. I love horror games and this game had me on edge everytime I played. What really kept me playing was the story and my connection with the main character. Of the course of time I had to make some decisions, it didn't really effect the story at all yet, the situations the game puts you in makes you think, just abit. The ending, had me upset, not that it wasn't what I expected. You just have to see it for yourself or just be lazy and watch it on youtube. Reguardless, I really wish I played this game when it was first released but I didn't have a true gaming laptop at the time. So I avoided all videos and post about this game till I was able to get it for myself. If you haven't played nor seen this game and you love a good scare this game is just for you!"
76561198150424285,Recommended,282140,31246352,Posted: 19 April,all,kierin;)>,really good if you like horror games.
,Recommended,282140,31248289,Posted: 19 April,all,Shirogane,Not your typical first timerif you are new to this kind of game then i wouldnt recommend it because it might cause alot of confusion but if you are already adjusted into games like Amnesia and Outlast then this would be a pretty enjoyable one :)
76561197970530461,Recommended,282140,31248695,Posted: 19 April,all,DonDiego,"Very well-done game. Refreshingly few glitches. Good storytelling. For the price, hard to beat."
,Recommended,282140,31263949,Posted: 20 April,all,Nilz99,"REALLY GREAT. awasome atmospher great story, few frame issues nothing too severe, im not on the best hardware either so...The game is well worth the price just get it."
76561198105142167,Recommended,282140,18280444,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,anssipe,"Awesome, scary, and emotionally touching ride. Thank you Frictional Games. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,282140,18255374,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Reversons,"Just as everyone seems to be communicating - yes, the monsters in this game are annoying and lack smart AI.That aside, the game was a blast to play.When I first heard the story was set underwater I immediately thought - Bioshock clone.But it was far from Bioshock in every way.The story is enthralling, it sucked me in and didn't let go until the end.The interaction mechanics are immersive, making you move objects in certain ways to solve puzzles.Some cons: Occasional game crashes, annoying vision blurs when hurt, Annoying monsters, Too many empty desks/lockers/bins (why even make them openable if 95% of them are empty?)Overall: I loved this game but wouldn't play through it again - unless there was a developer commentary.Get ready to sit around listening and reading about the story because that's what this game is all about."
76561197970324650,Recommended,282140,18255426,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DTYK,"I am not one for writing long reviews. I just want to say that this game is truly excellent, but needs to be marketed better. This should be on the top of steam, front and center. What a game."
76561198039221876,Recommended,282140,18255709,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Damian Zavier,"I loved Amnesia the Dark Decent, but SOMA was just better. Moving story alone, this game was worth every dollar and cent."
76561197972818700,Recommended,282140,18256652,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Coron Bale,"Simply put, one of the best games I have ever played.  Atmosphere, intellegent writing, just the right amount of being lost and hunted that had my heart pumping.  Worth every penny!"
76561198034256207,Recommended,282140,18273128,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ChattyWhacker,Loved it. Gave me a lot to think and feel about. The creature sneaking and chases can be a bit irritating but overall I thought this was superb.  Definitely worth the wait of 2 years since the first teaser live action video came out of nowhere.
,Recommended,282140,18273149,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,CyroN,"Finished the whole story in one sitting. The premise was very intruiging and the previews/trailers made it out to be something grim. Indeed it was. Though I have to admit, I was kind of underwhelmed with the conclusion of it all. I was not at awe of it, felt like they weren't able to deliver on using the world they had created to its full potential.With that said, I still found I moderately creepy and the atmosphere was pretty good. I was just hoping I guess for something more substantial. Still a pretty good game imho."
,Recommended,282140,18569620,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ivory Bill,Would you put your brain in a robot body?
,Recommended,282140,18599684,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,bigmacofawesome,"This game was a thrill ride from start to finish. It has you going from the beginning, to the very end.SOMA adds features from various games together into one mind-blowing, horrific splurge.Characters are believable, the setting is curious, and the atmosphere is intense.I would reccomend this game if you have the time to want to explore and play around with the concept of humanity, if you like a horror experience that makes you stop and take in the scenery, or if you just like talking robots."
,Recommended,282140,31208251,Posted: 17 April,all,Ashrubel,"I cannot suggest this game enough.For fear of revealing any particular plot points on accident, I will keep this brief.This is the most intense game I have played in years.It has the absolute best plot of any sci-fi game I have ever played.The world constructed by the devs and implemented in this wonderful piece of art leaves you with some major philisophical and existential pndering.If I have to suggest this game any harder, the devs may get afraid of me.Buy this now. Play it now. Thank me later."
76561198262565723,Recommended,282140,30343793,Posted: 5 March,all,jackraticus,"The story was pretty cool and the game had a great atmosphere, also really scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me at times and had me feeling quite anxious throughout!"
,Recommended,282140,30345671,Posted: 5 March,all,Mr. Skeletal,An existentialist's wet dream9/10 story6/10 everything else
76561198264646853,Recommended,282140,30345788,Posted: 5 March,all,Ettey,wow one of the best game i have ever played
76561198149431019,Recommended,282140,30318502,Posted: 4 March,all,Rubythewaffle,"This game is absolutely amazing. It has such a cool and interesting story, so many choices, little details and thing like that. The animations and models are also really pretty. Definitely worth the price.I cried. Really good game. Great characters."
76561198043544941,Recommended,282140,30346751,Posted: 5 March,all,Father Kim Jong  C-137,"Herro,If you want a deep philosophicalstory that let you question your ownhumanity and what it means to have consciousnessTogether with an great atmosphere,mixed with horrorlook no further.Papa korea"
,Recommended,282140,30348147,Posted: 5 March,all,TheCommunist.,"Great story, Nice mechanics, bug free and a decent thriller game. Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,282140,31192968,Posted: 16 April,all,Que Ota,11/10 a naked dude with a shining diving helmet chases me.
,Recommended,282140,29194332,Posted: 11 January,all,Shreksona 7: Spooky Season,Excuse me whilst I go have an existential crisis.
76561198305645995,Recommended,282140,31195433,Posted: 17 April,all,Eviia,"I recomend this game! I loved it ! Its kinda short, but you enjoy every moment in game !"
,Recommended,282140,31213865,Posted: 18 April,all,noahetter2002,"SOMA is hard to not judge side by side with the Amnesia games, as they are made by the same company, Frictional Games. The similarities are abundant, which may be seen as a negative, however seeing as the original format wasn't anything to complain about, keeping the format the same doesn't strike me as a problem. However, the strong similarities quickly go from welcome to questionable. While SOMA doesn't have a sanity meter, you are still supposed to not look at the baddies, for fear that you'll ""Short Circuit"". One could even be led to the assumption that SOMA is merely a reskin of Amnesia. Same play style, same pacing, similar enemies, though Soma takes place underwater. It sure as hell won't let you forget it either. The action scenes are broken up by long walking segments from station to station, with very little to do or interact with. If you are considering purchasing Soma for it's horror aspect, this part is important. SOMA is not very scary. I can't think of any jumpscares aside from when the baddies find you. It's more a stealth game, sneaking around enemies. The enemies aren't varied either. The first one you encounter is a rogue robot patrolling a part of the first station. That is the only time the enemy types vary from the normal. To the game's credit, they do get more difficult due to your location. The closer you are to the ""ARK"", the harder the enemies are because they are closer to the heart of the AI mess that took over the stations. The AI, also known as the WAU (Warden Unit)'s backstory is also hard to follow unless you thoroughly read all of the available dialog in the game. WAU's ending was more or less ""Go to a place and interact with a thing"" Which solves the entire WAU problem. Not even a fight. Come to think of it, you don't fight a single thing in this game but one robot who doesn't fight back. But maybe that's the psychological part of psychological horror. Overall, the story is definitely the best part of this game, and if you want an arguably easy, arguably not horror, horror game that has a good story, this game is for you."
76561198212530597,Recommended,282140,31222025,Posted: 18 April,all,DuskFaun608,This game is my first horror theme game I have ever played and I only want more the climax at the ending had my heart in my throat and my mind in dismay but left me with complete satisfaction after the post credits the games main theme still haunt me to this day what does it mean to be humanthe events that are laid out and how everything falls into place from your experience with a great plot and amazing graphic quality I would easily give this game a 10
,Recommended,282140,31217860,Posted: 18 April,all,Lah,"Probably one of the best games of all time. Amazing levels of immersion, with highly inteligent and complex themes of the purpose and meaning of existing as a conscious entity.I found this difficult as I'm not good with horror games, but for the story I can recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,282140,31219220,Posted: 18 April,all,InfernoMerc,"This game was very interesting and had a very intriguing storyline :) It feels like a mix between Alien Isoaltion, System Shock and the Bioshock series. I highly recommend this game if you're into a lot of atmospheric type games with a horror theme, especially if you're familiar with the games mentioned previously :)"
76561198011373943,Recommended,282140,31224687,Posted: 18 April,all,rajeets,"An outstanding game with a phenomenal narrative that keeps you solidly gripped all the way through. This is a game that carries a deep philosophical experience within itself raising questions that, it seems, will be highly relevant in the near future.This is an absolute must-play for fans of immersive horror or anyone interested in a thought-provoking narrative."
,Recommended,282140,31360952,Posted: 25 April,all,[KU]Dr.Dräscher,"Not the scariest game in the sense of spooky skeleton scary, the story on the other hand delivers philosophical questions that might have you question your very own existence and the definition of a human in itself. Aside from that pretentious drivel, the game delivers an incredibly great story, gorgeous graphics and an exploration-worthy environment. Unfortunately the gameplay is the weakest part of the game as it feels like frictional games just forced it to be a horrorgame, even though the game would probably feel way more natural without the horror-setting. Still an incredibly great experience and definetly worth a recommendation."
,Recommended,282140,31348595,Posted: 24 April,all,Blazur,"A legitimately creepy game, with a sprinkling of minor puzzles and a fascinating plot to keep the story-driven gameplay compelling.Only complaints are it's not terribly difficult and can be 100 percented in roughly 10 hours. And there was a failed opportunity to introduce freaky sea-life, given that you often spend time trudging across the ocean floors and marina trench."
76561198331436135,Recommended,282140,31346659,Posted: 24 April,all,Nice Big Jew,"SOMA is a mix between a mystery and a horror game. There are few jumpscares, but even then it gives you chills and goosebumps from the soundtrack, backstory, graphics, characters, envoriment, and the fact that you are at the bottom of the ocean with no escape.Personally, I think the ocean is really cool, so traversing the ocean floor and exploring sunken ruins is really neat. The entire backstory with thebrainscans and the fact that you are in someone elses body, half-fuman half-machine is really interesting.The one thing I do not like is that at certain parts of the game the performance is sub-par, even with my gtx 1060 and 16GB ram."
76561197960981257,Recommended,282140,31347894,Posted: 24 April,all,Ty2fiddy,9.5 out of 10. Just because you can't make headies. Awesome game!
,Recommended,282140,31347244,Posted: 24 April,all,Nibblies,"There's no reason not to buy and play this. I'm not spoiling anything, get in there and invest time in it.However, I will tell you I could not stop and had to play it to the end in one session. Absolutely incredible."
,Recommended,282140,21123442,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mossarelli,"I think that the game would have worked just as well without the horror element. Just exploring and trying to figure things out was the main game. The puzzles were challenging enough and the atmosphere was 10/10.Minus for the game breaking bugs that I found after loading a savegame or accidentally activating an event before I'd put my omnitool into a slot. Some patroling enemies may also get stuck on a door way, making it extra hard to sneak around.The computer interface on the terimals in the game was also very good. It puts other games to shame.You can really sympathize with the main character Simon and the support Catherine and at certain points in the game you're going to have to make a choice which will make you question yourself.From a spiritual perspective, it simply does not work to upload your mind into a machine and emulate the memories to try and become an android. Reading the reviews of other people on Steam thinking it's such a cool concept and that they can't distinguish between a human and a robot, people please. You are more than a flesh suit with electric wiring to a computer like brain. Wake up."
76561197971162508,Recommended,282140,21303316,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Titus,"10/10- Pros -Very nice story and environment (graphics, audio FX, music)ImmersiveVery good psychologic mind twistNice philosophic aproach about life and death- Not so pros -Some parts are really scary!!... And dark!More story focusedIt ends... :PI recommend it to fans of Bioschock and to the people who wants to reflect about what means to be human, immersed in fear almost all the time. :D"
,Recommended,282140,21612995,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Flatbread,WAU
76561198044504740,Recommended,282140,30722931,Posted: 25 March,all,Statera,I love this game i really do. Its ten times better then amnesia machine for pigs but it still damnit didnt have that amnesia feel. im rating positve because i do love this game very much. It just didnt hit it for me. I felt like they were trying to hard for the sci-fi feel but wanted to keep the horror which sometimes felt out of place. The monsters and chases feel like if they werent in the game would have made the game more scary. Really give you the feel of being isolated and alone. Theres plenty of things in the game that scared me more then the monster chases did. It mostly annoyed me. Also the story didnt hit it on the nose for me. I sorta wished it had either been some horrible nightmare or hell your mc being there during the intial downfall of the station. The whole your brain was saved on a computer and got activated was a bit cheesy for me. So review 8/10
,Recommended,282140,20491992,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,RADIOACTIVEBUNY,"SOMA is not a game to be played for scares like Amnesia.  Though those scares can be found here, the true, sublime horror comes from the questions it forces you to ask and perhaps even answer before moving on.  And I can assure you, you will carry all the questions and nagging doubts that SOMA gives you with you for the rest of your life, as they cannot be ignored.  I've already long been contemplating the things SOMA talks about, but having a tool to better explore those thoughts made for an extraordinary learning experience, and an emotional rollercoaster.  Not to mention some horrifying realizations that apply just as much to ME in reality as they do in the game.  10/10, not even kidding.  Any weaknesses it has are eclipsed by the monolithic existential horror it forces you to face and consider, opening your eyes to things you can never forget because they are all too real.  Or maybe it's only as real as you.  That's for you to reconcile with yourself.NOTE: THERE ARE NO ALTERNATE ENDINGS TO THIS GAME.  Do not make decisions with that assumption and go solely with what YOU think is right or what matches your understanding of what's happening.  The decisions have no effect on gameplay.  They are not meant to affect that.  They're supposed to affect YOU.<BELOW I DISCUSS UNDERLYING THEMES IN SOMA, HOWEVER IF YOU'RE SMART YOU CAN PRETTY EASILY DEDUCE SPOILERS FROM IT>What are you?  I mean, YOU, what are YOU?  Can you  transfer your consciousness to another body or is it just a copy with the original YOU being deleted?  Is it even right to delete that original?  How is it ""original"" or any different from a ""right-to-live"" standpoint as the copy?  Is there any merit to an original?  Is there even a difference?  With every second either of them remains conscious making two increasingly different people, is that not proof that each collection of memories, even if they are exactly the same, are in fact two distinct entities, therefore both deserving of all considerations for human rights as individuals?  Are YOU only a continued stream of consciousness with moments of unconsciousness constituting the end of the previous being and a beginning for a new one upon awakening with the same memories to continue?  Or are you defined only by the collection of memories, and the lapses in consciousness don't matter?  Even if you somehow managed to keep both continuing streams of consciousness in the copies exactly the same as they progressed, are they the same person?  Or are they two distinct entities that are remaining identical to one another?  Is it ever possible for the original to transfer elsewhere, or is it just up to the perception of those outside, and the original is trapped?  If the original transfers to an exact replica of its brain, is there a difference in ""originality"" of the copies as opposed to a different method of storage?  How long can these chains go?This is just some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥this game makes you ask yourself, and it's not the kind of stuff you can just forget about.  It truly can make you reevaluate your entire existence.  And I've never had that before from a game.  Bioshock Infinite was incredibly pretentious and preachy in its attempts to handle somewhat similar ideas, but SOMA does it nigh on flawlessly, and leaves the player to reconcile these things themselves.Despite some shoddy graphical stability and a few quibbles here and there, I am compelled to give the game a 10.  I've never before experienced something like this from a game, and it'll certainly continue to impact me for the rest of my life."
,Recommended,282140,20198206,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ZootopiaGaming,"Welcome to hiding simulator 2015. Whenever your in darker facilities on Pathos-II, you feel as if you're not alone. And usually you're exacty right! Phyco Robots and WAU-infected monsters roam Pathos-II just to kill you. I haven't got very far into the game but I'm already scared to the edge. Horror games just aren't my type but Soma was to good to pass over. If you've ever played Outlast, it's a bit like this game but in Soma you can't hide in lockers but you can hide in rooms where you can shut the door. But the monster can open the doors! If you like great horror games, Soma is definetly worth the 30 dollars."
76561197975702983,Recommended,282140,30517607,Posted: 14 March,all,rOjOn,"Now that was a trip!  Big thumbs up for this game.  Not super hard, great atmosphere.  You will want to play it to the end."
76561197976704711,Recommended,282140,25277415,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TheClues,"In my opinion this ranks as one of the most atmospheric and engaging single player stories I've ever played. The game consists of 4 key elements of sci-fi plot, cerebral puzzles, stealth sections and scares, but to reduce it to those components is to do Frictional Games a huge disservice. They have struck a nigh perfect balance of these elements and created a truly exceptional and immersive gaming experience which consistently surprises you, never feels monotonous and leaves you always wanting more. Also don't listen to what anyone might say - if you play this game in the dark with headphones on, you will be plenty scared. It is in short a masterpiece and I'm somewhat surprised it hasn't generated more hype.N.B. If you have a decent graphics card I'd also highly recommend running this with reshade framework and turning on McFX SSGI Ambient Occlusion, SweetFX HDR and SweetFX SMAA (as the ingame AA isn't great) - the enhancements really make the game shine."
76561198014947686,Recommended,282140,25238473,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,hairstonsmith,"This game is truly stunning - mechanically and narratively. The story is rich, refined and deeply involved. I loved Amnesia and this game was no disappointment and pulled out all the stops. I've heard that if Amnesia was their great (yet flawed) first attempt at this genre of storytelling in gaming, this is their masterpiece. Thought provoking questions about what defines humanity, a complex story line with many options and thrilling and gripping gameplay all make for a highly memorable stretch of gameplay.I'm a huge fan of games like Firewatch, Amnesia, etc. - and this is one of the best, if not the best.Worth every dollar and I have no problem seeing myself replaying this in the immediate future. Fantastic work, Frictional, I absolutely cannot wait till your next game."
,Recommended,282140,25234252,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TehKaoZ,"SOMA is a game that consists of the unique blend between sci fi and horror. I hear that the developers may not produce another game such as this because of the appeal being too niche however, I have to say that this game became one of my top favorites very easily because of its unique combination. I knew almost nothing going in other than some parts of it took place underwater and frankly I would recommend anyone play it just as blind. The environments and atmophere are creepy yet, beautiful. The enemies while disturbing in their own right compare nothing to the story. I often felt myself thinking about things related to it and felt uneasy at its implications.Only gripe I have is that my system specs far exceed the recommended to run the game yet, I had some fairly steep slowdowns in certain areas."
76561198100772829,Recommended,282140,25238947,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Doctor_M,"I'm just coming down from the immense trip this game is. I never felt more immersed, more one with the character of any computer game before. The topics handled here, dimly hinted at first, a crushing realization later on, had me surprised by their intelligence and depth.Truly, I did not expect to find philosophical heartbreak when I bought this 'horror game'. And what a heartbreak it was."
76561197960441633,Recommended,282140,25231246,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SlothfulKing,"Intense, scary, and sometimes frustrating; SOMA twisted an excellent story with an absorbing atmosphere to create a very good game."
76561198053055644,Recommended,282140,29201879,Posted: 12 January,all,Ikilol,"I had my eyes on this beauty for quite some time. Finally I purchased from xmas sale and boy did I get bang for my buck. I mean what's there not to like?Pros:The plot is excellent, be sure to dig into it, adds so much to the game.It is prettyControls are good, simple and easy to learn.The athmosphere is awesomeIt's the kind of scary that keeps you guessing and crouching (I did do a lot of crouching in this game)Music and sounds build help you immerse even deeper to the worldVoice actors are goodCons:On very rare occasions moving is obstructed by items that you'd think won't obstruct movement (happened like twice during whole game)Well this is kind of a both, but sometimes you don't know what to do or get lost and the game doesn't give you that many hints. On whole I'd think it's a good thing that you need to figure things on your own, like look for pictures to learn code for door etc.When to buy:Buy if you liked Amnesia, like intense suspension instead of jump scares, liked the world and plot of Bioshocks, like good scifi, like to explore world and items in it and if you enjoy a bit of a more slow rythm game.When not to buy:If you don't care much about story based games, like action/jump scares and enjoy more fast paced games. Or if you do not like suspension and lurking kind of games.Conclusion:Really hard to say anything negative. Could've been longer, but it took me  10 hours to complete still. Excellent game. This should've been the ""Amnesia 2"". Worth the money.9.5/10"
76561198034049174,Recommended,282140,29203951,Posted: 12 January,all,XVooDoo,"While you're playing, you can feel and understand your character and after some time you could see that character starts to reflects you with his responses. People are saying that it's so scary but I dont think so (it's a good thing). It's like Alien:Isolation."
,Recommended,282140,29215571,Posted: 12 January,all,Saintvanilla,"A worthy mind bending horror experience! Definitely the true successor to Amnesia The Dark Descent, I got a nice nostalgic vibe playing SOMA. Pick it up if you can!"
76561198106458568,Recommended,282140,29211952,Posted: 12 January,all,outfoxed,One of the best-written games in any genre that I've played in a long time. Highly recommended.
76561198066567121,Recommended,282140,24115403,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jlord666,Phenomenol plot. A must play for any fan of science fiction or narrative driven experiences.
,Recommended,282140,27934807,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ge0force,"One of the best horror games I've ever played! Story and level design are fantastic, and escaping from the monsters is far less frustrating than in Alien Isolation. Buy this game, you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,282140,28031951,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Skwid,"Im in love with horror games, and this is one of the only games that i can only play for a short time before im too creeped out. The mix of claustrophobia from being underwater combined with the cyber-biotic takeover..Would totally recommend if you want a scary game that will keep you on your toes."
76561198038432713,Recommended,282140,27985767,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Thauron,I have been a fan since frictional games since Fiend - and Soma is their best game so far.It's atmosphere is typical Frictional: fantastic.Like Amnesia they managed to publish another game with no unpolished edges (unlike Penumbra - which still felt very indie at times).It's brilliant from the first to the last second (I did find Amnesia's ending a bit disappointing).It's scary - of course - but not because blood and gore is dripping of the screen (I'm no fan of Outlast).it's horribly intelligent from beginning to end - and in my opinion one of the best games ever.
76561198040973369,Recommended,282140,28066658,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Allenes,"Absolutely phenominal game, rarely has a game gripped me from beginning to end like this one has. While the scares are not as frequent as they are in Amnesia, it's the story that really steals the show here. Without a doubt one of the best stories that I have witnessed in a videogame, it had myself pondering the ending for quite sometime after finishing it, real thought provoking stuff!"
76561198077097030,Recommended,282140,28075700,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Grokodus,"definitely worth your money. SOMA tells a story that makes you care about the ending, without losing the horror aspect of the game. blurring the lines between human and machine, uncovering a sci-fi future only through it's remains, and making you think and solve problems, the only thing i can say i haven't gotten out of this game is a sequel."
,Recommended,282140,28076023,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hobert,"Best story of ANY game I have EVER played in over 30 years.  Very creative story, great gameplay, interesting puzzles and if you immerse yourself in the game it really makes you think.  No spoilers but great ending that was not expected.  I can't give this game enough props."
,Recommended,282140,28072751,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,razekH$^,the most touching game i've ever played.
76561198056167157,Recommended,282140,21184509,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,StarbugPilo,"Soma is the best game I ever played, period.I'm not kidding, click on this button now, buy it !"
76561198028594466,Recommended,282140,22205235,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Cybernav92,Profoundly deep. 11/10
,Recommended,282140,27682222,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ulderik,Guys......you have to play this game until the end.....What a story!!!!
76561197983913775,Recommended,282140,18850803,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Phin,"I highly recommend this if you're a fan off atmospheric horror games. Well worth the price, IMHO."
76561198085010950,Recommended,282140,18877603,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Plastic bag for a helmet,"SOMA is far more than an indie survival horror game. This here is a haunting, atmospheric, and frighteningly existential piece of work that begs deep analysis and discussion. The game environment is beautiful and truly captures the scenes it sets out to create, and the gameplay itself works perfectly with the environment and allows for a very immersive experience. The gameplay mechanics are standard with a few puzzles and a few hide-from-the-monsters-while-doing-this/that/the other, and so on. It would grow a little repetitive, but the game does not linger for too long for it to become anything of an annoyance.But the gameplay is not what makes this game. The story and its themes, the backstory you uncover, the history of the settings, and everything in between is where the game shines. I even found myself almost wishing for a certain monster encounter to be over just so I could get back into the story and see what happens. There aren't the cliche twists that you'd expect when you come into the game's real start- you will guess at what might really be happening, and then be proven wrong, and realise the reality is darker. There's one point at about half-way through where the game really struck a cord with me and made me realise how serious and dark this game was. Themes of continuity, existentialism, nihilism and all sorts are the core of this game, and they're presented in such a way that you really feel them.The sound design too is wonderful, the voice acting not at any point slipping up. You sympathise immensly with the protagonist you play as, and every other character you come across. I'd compare this game to the movie Moon, with maybe a bit of Alien too (it does echo Alien Isolation slightly in this regard). Ultimately, for gameplay experience it's a decent game (bear in mind though I'm not a huge fan of survival horror games), but for story and the way in which the story is presented, it is outstanding. Brilliantly enough, it wouldn't have worked as a movie or a book, and that only goes to show how well the plot is integrated with the gameplay. This is one of the games that makes me hope that games become a more respected art form in the future, because this is a truly fantastic achievement that deserves the highest praise. 9/10, would have been 10/10 if I was more a fan of the gameplay style."
76561198010818143,Recommended,282140,18887616,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,FriskySvenling,Definitely worth playing if you are a fan of sci-fi or horror. This is obviously long awaited because it's Frictional Games. It features trippy mind concepts and shows a world in which the soma is not necessarily what makes someone human. This idea is what makes the game and is where all of the horror aspects come from. The ideas that can come from taking this idea to the extreme are great and well executed. Philosophical ideas as well as ethics in complex ethical grey areas crop up throughout and make the whole game unsettling as well as thought provoking. Great variety in gameplay as well as engaging story. Only thing I was slightly disappointed on was no ending choice but there were choices in other parts of the game.
76561198124121970,Recommended,282140,18879648,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,laurens.schulenburg,It's a amazing game i shocked many times and i liked itMy compliments to the developersI hope the wil make more of this kind of games keep up the work
76561198046469524,Recommended,282140,18879855,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,PaladinGuy,"Not only a marvelous example of environmental story telling but also a fantastic work of horror, sci-fi, and what it means to be human."
76561198013862463,Recommended,282140,18824093,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Analog Pill,"Played through this on PS4, It is definitely one I feel everyone should play, not only because it is a good game, but because of the themes and ideas it explores. Many people I know have been hesitant with it because of the ""Horror"" label (though I think its more of a thriller), please don't let that dissuade you. Give it a chance, you will be happy you did.To everyone at Frictional Games, my hats off to you for this amazing pice of work."
,Recommended,282140,18871759,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SlyFoxRin,One of the best games I've played in a long time. Spectacular story.
76561198023528824,Recommended,282140,18872681,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dr. Strangelove,You know when i game is scary if you sit with your mouth open and with your nose against the screen...
76561198018782936,Recommended,282140,18858237,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,VORENUS,"This game is pure fun, some genuine moments of fear. Above all, the game really nails the feeling of claustrophobia deep underwater. The sound is incredible throughout. Awesome game overall."
,Recommended,282140,18837204,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Noray,"Amazing story and atmosphere, dealing with themes of trans- and post-humanism. It also tries to be a traditional scary horror game every now and then where you play hide and seek with really boring monsters, which is a shame. It's not scary when it does that, just boring. You can't interact with the monsters in any meaningful way, it's just hide and seek.Fortunately, the horror elements are relatively minor and the chase sequences relatively short and few and far between. The exploration and story make up the majority of the experience. The environment is wonderful to explore, the game is gorgeous and your character feels very grounded in the world. One of the best narrative experiences I've had in a game."
,Recommended,282140,18861734,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Lesbian Boba Fett,"When I heard that Frictional Games (The creators of Amnesia: The Dark Descent) were making a sci-fi horror game, I was overjoyed. Amnesia was enjoyable to me, which was an achievement, since I'm not usually a fan of the horror genre.So when I booted up SOMA, I got what I expected. A bit slow at first, but a good tutorial. But then the game really started up, and I was actually really engaged in the story.Not to spoil things too much, it has a lot to do with artificial intelligence, and what it truly means to be human-Some things that the protagonist lagged behind in understanding, which was a little annoying to me, but easily passed over since it didn't detract too much from the overall experience.It was incredibly tense at some parts, and there are no jumpscares to be found- But as with the original Amnesia game, the enemies are scary, but overall fairly stupid. They seem difficult to avoid, but they really aren't once you understand their patterns. Different enemy types are introduced with different mechanics, and overall it keeps things intense and scary.There are nice patches of calm throughout to keep everything strung together with the story, which essentially just puts a fancy bow on a really nice package... which happens to be oozing black goo and moaning at you.Overall? 9.5/10, I definitely preferred it to Amnesia, and you can tell how much they've learned from their past two games as they've applied that knowledge here."
76561197985505840,Recommended,282140,18846381,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,em,10/10 could never be dissapointed with these guys.
76561197970958399,Recommended,282140,18845695,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Assassin,"Well i for one loved this game. from start to end the game was great. some points scare the holy hell out of you and the puzzles are fairly easy (apart from the Ark Simulation, which took me a while to figure out).the game style is great. i love the look around get scared and have no weapons feel. loved Aliens Isolation game well but these was different is a lot of things.Graphics are great. only thing i hated was if you got hit you go into the (2nd life mode) and if you cant find the health it starts to do your eyes in after a while. other then that 10/10Very well done guys. hope you do a second or another simular styled game. Keep up the good work."
76561198066234082,Recommended,282140,18767779,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Batrasterson197,"This is the first game I have played by Frictional Games. I really enjoyed this game to the fullest. I will definitely be playing this again in the near future to fully explore the game and see if I missed anything. If you are looking for a great game with a great story and some nerve racking experiences, this game is for you. From the very start you feel uneasy about your environment. The Game is beautifully constructed and has amazing detail. The audio is fantastic. I have only positive things to say about this game if you have the Money to buy it, I highly sugest that you do. 9.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,282140,18831498,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,UncleSpinnyDervish,"I really had fun with this game. The game itself is not too difficult, I only ""died"" once. I really liked the story and I thought that the monsters were terrifing, expect for the first monster you see.Good Game and I recommend it.I ran into one problem, on the way to Tau (underwater) my tool bugged out and would not leave the screen. Once I got to Tau, I could not swipe the tool to move into Tau. To fix problem you need to restart the level and make sure the tool does not stay on your screen."
,Recommended,282140,18832214,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KEEVS,One of the best psychological horror games I have played. The monsters were super creepy and hard to get past and almost made me quit playing but in the end it was totally worth it.
,Recommended,282140,18832634,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,VJ,"If you do play SOMA, it's best to keep a strong open mind about everything. It started off as a game giving me a sense of fear, which changed to sympathy and sadness.It's not always about if a game should be scarier, it's about the effort and experience the players will get from it."
76561198046771564,Recommended,282140,18806363,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,sketch*,spooky/10
76561198080818838,Recommended,282140,29073003,Posted: 6 January,all,Archer_,For those that like a great phychological and survival horror with an interesting back story. This is perfect for you
76561197971063105,Recommended,282140,29064602,Posted: 6 January,all,nwallace,Very good atmospheric sci-fi horror game with a nice existential twist. I really liked the use of the underwater and blurred graphics to intensify the experience and provide extra realism.
76561198155328829,Recommended,282140,29065069,Posted: 6 January,all,silviucercel,"This game is a gem for those who like sci-fi and horror. It has great atmosphere, and the monster chases are horrible (in a good way :) ).Great story, great atmosphere, I would replay it but with inoffensive monsters, as they really freak me out..."
76561197972774199,Recommended,282140,29140023,Posted: 9 January,all,Asonic-The-Fallen,Very good game! Love the story line. This first person horror game is just like Amnesia or Amnesia 2!I can highly recommend this game as I am into these type of games. Game has also many puzzles to solve.I can highly recommend this game is you enjoyed Amnesia or any other horror first person game.
76561197981797292,Recommended,282140,29147641,Posted: 9 January,all,Boss,"Incredible game!, i've just finished it and trust me its was totally worth the money.The story keeps u guessing until the last moment and the voice acting an enviroments are fantastic, the story is great and the mood is.. unsetteling,My warmest recomendations.if u have played Alien, system shock or bioshock chanses are u wil love this game."
,Recommended,282140,28779124,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mad pete,That wasgreat.Highly recommended for people that enjoy games with in-depth story lines and manipulate the atmosphere to produce a true psychological horror.
76561198095125942,Recommended,282140,28949898,Posted: 2 January,all,charkoal,"One of the best story horror games I've ever played. The immersion and atmosphere is incredible. The story is compelling and thought provoking. The monsters are scary. The voice actors are great. This game is a 10/10, cannot recommend it more highly if you liked Amnesia or other games of the same type."
76561198029555177,Recommended,282140,21230327,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mast3rHax0r,"I think the main thing people wanna know about this game is this: Is it scarier than Amnesia? No.However, is it a better game than Amnesia? I strongly think soThe atmosphere is fantastic, taking full advantage of the criminaly underused setting, the bottom of the ocean. The Abyss sequence is easily the strongest part of the game, and 1 of the most memorable parts of any game that came out last year. The pacing was pretty solid, however there were a few points when it could have been better but more on that later.The story is very interesting and delves into themes that not many games have explored before. I found myself getting very invested in the story as time went on, and it all comes together in a very good ending. The voice acting is also pretty good for the most part even though some of the performances didn't exactly strike gold. I was suprised by how many different enemy types they have in this game, but many of the same tricks seemed to work on most of them. Visually the game looks pretty good, nothing amazing but still a very solid performance.But like always, there were some minor annoyances here and there. My biggers complaint is the AI. A lot of the times it feels like the game is straight up cheating, the monsters seem to find you no matter what. It's almost like you have a homing beacon on you. It's a very poor way to add tension and challenge to the enemy encounters. Also, trying to not look at the enemies while at the same time figuring out where they are combined with the cheating AI leads to annoying situations instead of scary ones. But I digress, another small issue that I had with the game is the main character eating stupid pills from time to time. I liked him overall, but the problem is that he gets suprised by things that were explained to him an hour ago. There was also some pretty clear padding at some point of the game. When you have to retrieve x amount of items to progress for the third time you kinda start to see a pattern.Even with it's issues, Soma is 1 of my favorite horrors game in a long time and also 1 of the better games of 2015. It might not be as scary as some of the other horror games out there, but I rather take a great atmosphere over cheap jumpscares anyday. If you are a fan of games like this, do yourself a favor and play the game. Hell even if you don't like horror games I still recommend it, because you might still get hooked on the story. Hooked like a fish HAH SO CLEVER!"
,Recommended,282140,28962592,Posted: 2 January,all,ElectricHellKnight,"SOMA is an interesting title. Although sold as a horror game, it doesn't fit squarely into that category. The game is not actually very frightening, although it is gratuitous with the gore, so that may not be the case if you're queasy. It feels like a horror game only very briefly, and about an hour in it turns into more of a deep sea adventure game that takes place in a disturbing setting. That's a welcome change, as the majority of horror games seem to devolve into jump-scares and creepy noises. SOMA does away with that (well, the jump-scares at least) and maintains a feeling of ""adventure game in horror atmosphere"".And let's talk about that atmosphere. The undersea setting is, in my opinion, fantastic. Being fascinated with the deep sea (and a big fan of BioShock), it was one of the reasons I decided to buy this game in the first place, even though I don't particularly care for horror games (most of them bore me). SOMA takes you to the bottom of the ocean and you get to observe creatures that have barely been discovered in real life. The game does an excellent job of making the environment come to life, and somehow makes you feel the ocean depth through your computer screen. That's a hard feat to pull off, and the developers deserve praise for managing it. The game also does a great job of making the ocean seem endless, yet still subtly keeping you on the right path so you do not get lost, without cheesy invisible walls or restricted areas.The only real complaint I have with SOMA is that that the monsters tend to be more annoying than scary. There were plenty of times when I was trying to solve a puzzle, while the monsters obnoxiously got in my way. Many times, I found it easier to simply run past them and take a hit, rather than bother running back or hiding. Hiding doesn't seem to be very rewarding in this game anyway, most of the time you get discovered immediately, so it's usually better to just hotfoot in the direction you originally wanted to go than play cat-and-mouse. I also noticed a couple of bugs throughout playing (fell outside the map but didn't die, and got grabbed by a monster who kept me from moving but wouldn't kill me) both of which required reverting to a previous save. However, the game runs beautifully well anyway, and does so without in-game loading screens, so I can't complain too much about the bugs.SOMA is a beautifully designed and immersive game that I absolutely recommend. Be warned there is little replay value, but the overall experience is absolutely worth the money spent (though I did get it on sale for about $10). I also recommend having a pair of good quality headphones, as the sound effects are a key component here."
,Recommended,282140,28964525,Posted: 2 January,all,Berden,Everything good about Amnesia but with a focus on narrative that makes Soma a better overall experience.
76561198120420935,Recommended,282140,28789633,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,IgnAtio,a rich background story which  makes you wonder how the story goeswith overwhelming  creepiness and eerie environmentthis game makes me curious beyond afraidlove outlast? you wil love this game
76561198257852097,Recommended,282140,28789726,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BreakingBeJammin,"One of the best horror games I've ever played. The whole experience was bleak, depressing, terrifying... yet the story, characters, and lore were all very interesting. Overall, the game ♥♥♥♥ed me up... but I loved it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,28958069,Posted: 2 January,all,Childofrock,A fantastic story that went in a completely different direction than what the synopsis and the intro of the game make you think.9/10 Would undergo brainscan again...Pros:Great atmosphereThought provoking story that will have you debating with yourself in the showerTense/claustorphobic situations that will have you on your toesConsStreaming engine causes occasional stutter no matter what your specs areA bit too drawn out in placesParts of the story can be hard to follow unless you map all the tiny details out on a coark board above your PC
,Recommended,282140,28937536,Posted: 2 January,all,bullpup ツ,"Coolest horror game I ever played! It might not be as scary as Outlast, but the story, the atmosphere and the setting are all way cooler. I expected a different ending, to be honest, but overall I really liked the story and the experience overall."
76561198184739709,Recommended,282140,28929262,Posted: 1 January,all,mattor3,"Beautiful story and ending. Highly rewarding and sufficiently challenging. Moments in this game were haunting, chilling, heart-racing, intriguing, awe-inspiring -- which is certainly a collection of adjectives that is rare.Certainly could be more difficult in places though, especially with in-game puzzles. However, the length of the story was manageable. I'm happy with that trade-off.Good work!"
76561198274312425,Recommended,282140,28858332,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wthompso,"It's a very good game. It doesn't just backbone on horror tropes, it also has a great story and dialogue. Just... wtf about the deep sea creatures. Was enjoying the ride until those really scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me."
,Recommended,282140,29146371,Posted: 9 January,all,EpicCJAwsmSauce,"This is a hard game to review because it's successes and its failures are extreme and polarizing. On the one hand, there are the story, concepts, and immersion - which make this game great. On the other, there are the stealth/horror mechnics  - which are total duds.If you are a fan of classic SCIFI, the kind that makes you really think outside and usually makes you a little uneasy, this a game for you - it tells a great story and the discovery of the world around you is well executed and excellently paced. If you are looking to play this because you liked Amnesia...I'd find it hard to reommend as a horror game. To be honest, I feel the game would have been better without the stealth and ""enemies"" entirely because it was so poorly executed and where these sections should have built tension, it simply broke immersion and prevented me from exploring and discovering (which is how the story truly shines, it's not spoon fed to you along the way).If you want a good SCIFI story (straight through the finish, the story is stellar), play this game. If you want a good space horror game, play Dead Space 1/2 (if you like fighting back) or Alien: Isolation (if you want to run and hide)."
,Recommended,282140,29107012,Posted: 7 January,all,Sleeping Man,"I haven't finished this game yet, but for the three hours I played it, I was on the edge of my seat the entire time.I highly recommend this game, but don't play it before bedtime."
,Recommended,282140,29026791,Posted: 4 January,all,Flappy,"Really liked the game.  Took me several months to finish it as I got distracted by other games but everytime I came back, crapped my pants, and kept going.  They do a really good job of getting you into the story and really getting you freaked out.Would play again but I need my remaining underwear."
,Recommended,282140,29108229,Posted: 7 January,all,Natulyre,"As an ""horror"" game, I cannot recomend SOMA at all... The atmosphere's amazing but all the horror elements felt forced and out of place...So how do I actually feel about SOMA? It's an amazing mind-blowing game revolving around a very interesting dilemma. The story (except the horror-related parts) is simply delicious."
76561198040984676,Recommended,282140,33328078,Posted: 6 July,all,Vox,"Do you like horror?Do you like sci fi?Do you a great story?Are you ready for a serious mind bender, that will leave you thinking it about it long after you finish this game? If so click add to cart, and hold on tight your in for a seroius ride."
,Recommended,282140,33346759,Posted: 7 July,all,ArchaicPlague,"This game is an absolute masterpiece!I finished the game about a week ago and I struggled to find anything wrong with the whole of the game after my playthrough. I even thought to myself ""there has to be something wrong with it, maybe i'm just looking at it with rose colored glasses"", but I intentionally waited to write a review so that I wasn't just riding the high of beating the game anymore.Pros:- Excellent Story- Beautiful Graphics and Atmosphere- Terrifying Creatures- Terrifying Environment while still being Beautiful- Solid Controls (played with Xbox One controller)Cons:- I honestly can't think of a single thing.Simply put, buy this game. I bought it during the most recent Summer Sale for under $10, however I would fully recommend this game at full price to anybody that loves theSci-fi/Horror genre.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,33331500,Posted: 6 July,all,Ok~!,The game is a slow crawl. Takes a while for things to happen but when it starts to pick up it becomes really intriguing and mysterious.Gameplay is very similar to Amnesia (go figure). AI is wonky sometimes but the way they're designed will give you a few scares.Play this game purely for the story. It's really good once it gets going and the ending is bonkers.Would recommend if you're into Fricitonal Games previous works or into stories that question what it means to be human. It'll really ♥♥♥♥ with your understanding @_@
76561198051769697,Recommended,282140,33357165,Posted: 7 July,all,Enceladus,Depression simulator.
76561197965807132,Recommended,282140,33381513,Posted: 8 July,all,DooMSDaY,SOMA is a great game that hits all the marks to draw you into its dark world. The script and voice acting are great as well as the music and sounds. There is also no clutter on the screen like a HUD or health meter.
,Recommended,282140,33383946,Posted: 8 July,all,Lupin,"Hey, I saw the great positive reviews posted for this game and although I do not like Horror movies, I thought, what the hell. Let's try this.Lesson learned.I do not like horror films. And Guess what? Neither do I like horror games!Do not make the same mistake as me."
,Recommended,282140,33378718,Posted: 8 July,all,Rentix,I think i'm a robot. 11/10
,Recommended,282140,33424297,Posted: 10 July,all,skepa,Fantastic game! The real horror is not in the monsters but in the psychological horror that stays with you after you finish the game. A true masterpiece.
,Recommended,282140,33338312,Posted: 7 July,all,NazisOnMoon,"Another masterpiece from Frictional games, 10/10 would recommend. Playing this for the 4th time now. This game makes you question your humanity.Edit: Finished it again and it reminded me why I love this game so much. The ending is really sad. Never felt bad for a fictional character this much."
76561198019906775,Recommended,282140,33460253,Posted: 11 July,all,kitsune_uk,"I loved this one. Rich atmosphere, a slow releasing of the storyline and gorgeous visuals to really immerse you in the world. The ethics and ideas that were explored show a good quality writing team and wonderful imagination.The only downside to this game is the enemies. Hiding from an unkillable foe in the dark and having to run from it occasionally is scary the first time, but the 4th time that the exact same scenario turns up, it feels like a hinderance to the story. In my eyes, the game would have been damn-near perfect if there was an option to trap or destroy the enemies, allowing you to continue unimpeded. It would also have given the satisfaction of figuring out a way to beat them via improvisation.8.5/10"
76561198007340139,Recommended,282140,33297952,Posted: 5 July,all,IoSonoCataldo,I ♥♥♥♥ing love it. It was an incredible experience and I'll never forget it.
76561198290404890,Recommended,282140,28927656,Posted: 1 January,all,Little_one,"Wow, a phenomenal game. The story is fantastic and thought provoking. Artistic, pondering of mans mortality, and the existence of being. Its something straight up my alley.I had this game in my wish lst for a while and never wanted to take the leap to purchase it because of the price. However it went on sale and I decided I would finally give it a go. Now that I have played it, I can say its well worth its orginal price because of the games quality. So, if you are hesitant.. your missing out. You wont regret buying this game.This is not a lengthy game mind you as I did finish it in about 2 days. However, I don't feel cheated by that aspect given the fun play and wonderful story. This is a game that did give me the chills though! The atmosphere and monsters will give you a pit in your stomach but , in a good way. I don't usually play horror games, so It might not shake you as much as it did for me. Anyways though.. its quite an addicting game once you start. You can't wait to get to the next area as you travel through the game.I would certanly give this a 10 out of 10 and I don't really have any complaints. Its a real gem and unique. I hope I can find similar games like this in the future."
,Recommended,282140,28895100,Posted: 1 January,all,Jess♥,I got so addicted to this game and at the end it made me cry.such awesome.  better than most AAA games.
76561198071076883,Recommended,282140,28922074,Posted: 1 January,all,Tesseract,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good, everything about this game is totaly epic and i enjoyed every second of it while playing.The only thing that was a bit disapointing is that there were no alternative endings, becuase it sure felt like that was the case since there are a few decisions that you will make that suggested that my actions actually mattered.all in all i give it  8/10"
,Recommended,282140,28848075,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,blabla,"I didn't like it, I loved it. The end is just wow"
,Recommended,282140,28844443,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Carmendar,"SOMA. The next game from the creators of the Horror game Amnesia: The Dark Descent. however, what this new game brings, is terrifying.1. The enemies are creepy, never let up, and they scared me more than the monsters from Amnesia.2. The sound design is outright AMAZING. EACH item has it's own unique sound. Even random objects that have no meaning  in the story have their own sounds. PERFECT sound quality.3. The story is very involved, provokes plenty of questions, and sometimes just makes you feel sad.4. The gameplay is much like amnesia, and that's a great thing! nothing bad to say here.My overall score would be 9.5/10Frictional Games has once again proven to me why they are the BEST game designers.Thanks for making such a great game!"
,Recommended,282140,28851210,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Succ Receiver,"Monsters were more bothersome than scary, but the story is what was truely terrifying, best narriative I've played in a long time, would recommend to anybody who plays games for stories and likes to be kept up at night hours after finishing, still thinking about the imlications of what you just played.9/10 woulda been better if the monsters weren't just an annoyance or if dying actually affected your progress any more than getting a blurry screen. SOMA got way less scary once the monster caught me and Simon got up like nothing happened."
,Recommended,282140,20551425,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,KDamage,"I had to see a shrink after finishing the game, and I can't dream of unicorns anymore. Thanks Frictional."
,Recommended,282140,29135244,Posted: 8 January,all,InebriatedMonkey,A great game with a good thought provoking story. Well worth the playthrough.
76561198064679803,Recommended,282140,29114383,Posted: 8 January,all,alex.boshko,"Up until the last moment I was sure I would give it a thumb down, but last few hours were much better than the rest of the game, so I decided to go with the flow. However here are some cons and things that in my opinion are a bit overhyped- Mindblowing story? Well, not quite so. The general idea is far from being new and even has a name which is Teletransportation paradox. If you were aware of it like me, and had given it a thought already, watched the movie Prestige and Black Mirror series, and maybe even played Talos Principle then your mind won't be blown to any particularly larger extent this time, even though SOMA rendition of it is actually not bad at all- No twists. The story is linear and the end doesn't reveal anything surprising, that you wouldn't know from the beginning. The game just mulls over the mind copying paradox which is fun unless you didn't know that paradox before, as mentioned above, or just chewed yourself all consequences of it during the first hour.- An absolute idiot of a main character.Worst ever acting upon discovering you're not a human. 'Oh really? That's surprising' being said in impassive voice. At the same time getting completely mad and unbelieving during the last scene after an event that had happened and explained in front of him few times before- The game is dark as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and adjusting gamma doesn't help as colors become bleached. You'll have to play it in a dark room. Dunno, maybe it was by design?.. Anyhow, very annoying- Run, hide, and figure out what to do in the labyrinth mechanic is heavily overused. I suspect it might become a bad form one day, like jumpscares already did, making you look for an exit, or right lever or an item in a dark maze over and over again, with a monster lurking somewhere which you can't kill and that would kill you in one stroke. It's easy to make, it's tense and effective, and that's why it should be used very cautiously or avoided at all. Original silent hill games and even PT demo managed to make it super creepy and tense without taking away all your weapon and making you hide in the dark for a few hours of total gameplay during the gameAll in all, the game is still worth playing. Watch this place!"
,Recommended,282140,29160140,Posted: 10 January,all,VERNER#,Great game!
76561198126052979,Recommended,282140,29160797,Posted: 10 January,all,Don Penetron,One of the best games what I've played!
,Recommended,282140,29163346,Posted: 10 January,all,dcove78,"Probbably one of the best horror games because if you look at the other ones, which cliché do you see...jumpscares just pure, overused and cheap.  I haven't completed the story yet but so far the story is very good.  The one thing I don't like is Theta, just proxies everywhere.  This game is not just a game but, a game with a question, are we robots and we don't know it.  Another thing I absolutley LOVE is custom content, sure lately there isn't much new content but there still are hours of content + the main game so it'll be a while.  I'm trying my best not to spoil anything and I did my best.  STUPID PROXIES."
,Recommended,282140,29157624,Posted: 10 January,all,Jet Wong,This game had a greater impact on my life than any other.
76561198251594512,Recommended,282140,29100385,Posted: 7 January,all,Supra 2JZGTE,Amazing game.  Great graphics and atmosphere.  Don't worry about the monster parts - they are easy enough to get through and it adds appropriate tension.  Well worth a buy.
76561197963703600,Recommended,282140,29098594,Posted: 7 January,all,KillerRabbit,Extremely well done.
76561198097965464,Recommended,282140,29098729,Posted: 7 January,all,Naasir,"The story, atmosphere, and gameplay made this game great. It will make you doubt your existence."
,Recommended,282140,29101417,Posted: 7 January,all,magitaan,"I hate long reviews. Particularly when everything importent can be said in a short note.It has been more than a year that i have played the game and i still can't get it out of my head.I just hope my steam account will last long enough to still play this when i'm 89 years or somethingand i'm nearly gone.Well - maybe there will be some kind of ""ark"" or something in the future ..."
,Recommended,282140,29257119,Posted: 14 January,all,FreeDoum,This game is deep... literally and figuratively
,Recommended,282140,29255637,Posted: 14 January,all,Revangelis,It was a great experience with a deep story. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,282140,29281939,Posted: 15 January,all,Spencerz31,"Question your existence with this frictional game atmospheric marvel ""Soma"". Good visuals, puzzles, story,but I feel was kinda lacking in reward to search and exlore the hell hole underneath the sea because of no alternate ending just an alternate ""choice"" of sorts, lol like idk climbing ladders faster. Playing this game again is something i'd want to do again yes but probably in a year or so when i've forgotten most of whats happened.Otherwise i'd rate this 4/5 stars,"
,Recommended,282140,30110222,Posted: 22 February,all,[1COG] Gamebuster,"The story is incredibly compelling and thought provoking, urging the player to explore the complexities of human existence while trying to not get their head torn off by abominations from depths of hell.  While I didn't find it terribly scary, the atmosphere and visuals lent themselves nicely to story.  Any fan of sci-fi horror should definently pick this one up."
,Recommended,282140,29977256,Posted: 16 February,all,VSHO,"If you want to have an extistential crisis everytime you look at your steam library and see this game, play this. If a game causes that reaction, then it is good.Great story, atmosphere, characters, and environment. All of the visuals work and seem believable. Game time was just the right height, no bucket required."
,Recommended,282140,29977581,Posted: 16 February,all,brick,I learned a bit about conciousness.
76561197965235584,Recommended,282140,29973584,Posted: 16 February,all,LastChild,So good. Still thinking about this game and I beat it last month.
76561198036265658,Recommended,282140,31026572,Posted: 8 April,all,Zelenia,I'm about 40% done and this game is GREAT. It's immersive and paced nicely. I've learned to enjoy horror genre lately but I'm not easily scared. Still I found myself swearing quite a lot during the jumpscares and heart started to race few times during chase sequences.My only complain about this game is that some of the puzzles are hard to solve with XBOX controller. I'm stuck atm in one chase scene because I can't just solve the puzzle fast enough with analog sticks.
76561198079423967,Recommended,282140,30132602,Posted: 23 February,all,venalt,Absolutely brilliant. I wish there were more games like this!
76561198089426703,Recommended,282140,30092696,Posted: 21 February,all,tdguessford,Great Story!!!
,Recommended,282140,30018301,Posted: 18 February,all,boyermike,"awesome game. wonderful soundtrack, story, environments, models and play. suspensful and with an unique feeling to it! Strong recommend!"
76561197972127667,Recommended,282140,30039761,Posted: 19 February,all,Talla,"Since Penumbra I buy every ""Frictional-Game"" without thinking. This gem evokes deeply rooted fears with ease. Storytelling a its best. Shivers went down my spine. Highly recommended if you're into such stuff!"
76561198170640254,Recommended,282140,25237753,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,troomar,"What I liked:+ Story - Although it was a bit predictable at the end, story was the main pros of this game and it is worthy to play it just for the story+ Overall atmosphere and environment - I really felt the mood of main actor and I liked how it ended. Characters were believable.+ It wasn't so scary as Amnesia and it didn't feel like surviving horror gameWhat I didn't like:- Monsters weren't scary, they were rather annoying and too aggresive. It would be better to play the game without them (there is a mod for it actually)- No replayability - there was only 1 ending and the choices I made during the game didn't matter.- It's only 15 hours of playtime for half a price of AAA game.9/10"
76561198068453126,Recommended,282140,30049025,Posted: 19 February,all,ZippyPickleman,Kick♥♥♥♥♥game. 9/10
76561198170427995,Recommended,282140,30101825,Posted: 22 February,all,Zarynn_,"Graphics, storyline, and pretty much everything about this game is amazing. If anyone said they did not like this game are lying."
,Recommended,282140,30072989,Posted: 20 February,all,Yhayom,Unforgettable and thought provoking experience.
76561198070016690,Recommended,282140,29533714,Posted: 27 January,all,R0nin,"This game is very well made, great atmoshpere, extremely immersive, great story and lore."
,Recommended,282140,29544992,Posted: 28 January,all,PhydomiR,"Picked it up cheap on the winter sale and it was worth every penny. The story is rich, graphics good enough and the tension level is just through the roof. The atmosphere in the game is just really well done and the way the story is told just keeps you exploring.It's a fairly short game i must admit but picking it up when it's on sale will give you a very good game."
,Recommended,282140,31015224,Posted: 8 April,all,skurrier,Awesomely terrifying and terrifyingly awesome. Definitely recommended!
,Recommended,282140,29555090,Posted: 28 January,all,Bolter,That was amazing!Games with a singleplayer and story that makes you think but also can amaze you seem to be rare these days without having to pay for extras. This game was worth every penny.
,Recommended,282140,29560699,Posted: 29 January,all,KHOMETMIBRO,"Absolutely AMAZING game.I thought Amnesia was my favorite game, but it's definitely this now.I wish you could explore around the ark a lot more at the end. That would be great, definitely make me feel a bit better at the end."
76561198139408649,Recommended,282140,29557725,Posted: 28 January,all,Ablutomaniac,An existential horror game that does everything right.
76561198296923113,Recommended,282140,29541246,Posted: 28 January,all,AzzaPinch,"This is a fantastic horror game, not only is it very unique but it is story rich and has such enjoyable gameplay, the graphics are great, the scenary is great and it is a really nice polished game, 10/10"
76561197990619440,Recommended,282140,29438458,Posted: 22 January,all,DrPancakeFace /YouTube,11/10  Absolutely amazing!
,Recommended,282140,25992357,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sparkimus Prime,"It's been a few months since I played through this and I still think about the characters and the meaning behind the game. Soma was so much fun. I wish I never played it so I can experience it for the first time again. Give it a try!Original review:Strong story and spooky monsters. I played because I was in a Halloween mood, and it didn't dissapoint."
,Recommended,282140,29310684,Posted: 16 January,all,[FFM] Sozo,"Amazing Game, with Amazing pacing. Feel it was a perfect blend of both Sci Fi and Horror and quite and unforgettingable, extremely thought provoking sotry. Highly Reccomended"
76561198111172746,Recommended,282140,29325383,Posted: 17 January,all,Weenie Hut Gender,Amnesia made me question who I am as a character. Soma made me question who I am as a human.
76561198021134993,Recommended,282140,29322173,Posted: 17 January,all,Shawn 316 twitch.tv/bwtbgaming,"After playing through this whole game, I just feel like I can easily be disposed and copied into something else in an instant."
,Recommended,282140,29411057,Posted: 21 January,all,PyROZen,"To the point, SOMA is a great game.  9/10Highly immersive, and very tense throughout, I can't really think of the last time a game really got my heart pounding. The story is well written, and only a at few points does it require some hand waving to get its ideas across. Graphically it is fantastic, though I found it taxing on my system more than other games which I would consider to have better visuals. I had to dial back a few settings to get  smooth gameplay. The musical score is sparse, but when it is used, it is to great effect. The soundscape is where most of the chills come from, and you'll constantly be peering around corners, waiting for baddies that never appear...except when they do! The ending gives good closure to the story, and didn't leave me feeling cheated or wanting more.Well maybe wanting a little more. I was sad when the  journey was over, because I wanted to keep playing.My only complaint is the inability to attack or at least defend, but that is what this genre is all about so I can't fault SOMA for it."
76561197987633216,Recommended,282140,29415673,Posted: 21 January,all,Rupert Murcock,"Chilling, incredible play."
76561198165045393,Recommended,282140,29470868,Posted: 24 January,all,emma.lukes,"Much like when I played Amnesia, it took me forever to finish Soma, 1) because I was too scared to play it most of the time and 2) because the story was so good when I did play it that I didn't want to be done with it. This game broke my heart, made me think, and kept me engrossed in what was happening at all times. I've also never been presented with as many ethical dilemmas in a game as I was in this one, but everything about the game was pulled off fantastically. I haven't found many games that I've loved, but I love this game. If you want a scary game with an interesting story that gets you thinking, and one that challenges you in unique ways, I highly recommend this one."
76561198079172891,Recommended,282140,29468210,Posted: 24 January,all,Eld,Must play for any sci-fi fan. 9/10
,Recommended,282140,29454988,Posted: 23 January,all,Harry Cane [NLR],"This game isn't going to win any awards for it's mechanics, some may even claim that it's a dreaded 'walking simulator' due to the lack of combat and the rather basic stealth system.But it should be obvious to any one who has played Soma that it wasn't designed to wow the world with revolutionary gameplay. It's a story driven experience filled with high quality voice acting and compelling writing. The entire work is purposely designed to have the player question the definition of sentience by exploring the concept of transhumanism. Is it our physical body which defines us as human, are our personalities shaped by what we physically interact with, are our senses important or is it just our conscious which matters?If any of the above questions feel like a strung together collection of marketing buzzwords, or if the phrase “too deep for you” immediately sprung to mind then Soma is not a game you will enjoy. That's not intended as a critique of your character nor is it an attack on your intelligence, it's a simple observation.The enjoyment Soma provides does not come from the game it's self. The gameplay is mechanically on par with the original free-to-play Slenderman game; In which you simply hide from creatures who may or may not hunt you down with ruthless efficiently... Only to ignore you completely during the next encounter, even if you are standing directly in the monster's line of sight.The enjoyment Soma provides is an analytical one, it comes from the physiological questions you will find your self contemplating once you have completed the game- the experience of playing it is trivial at best. Although the immersive nature of video games does really help the player understand the existential concepts and ensuing dilemma's the narrative discusses. Soma just wouldn't work as as Novel, film or audio drama and simply watching a longplay would be a disservice to the narrative.If you want to experience something which will broaden your horizons and hopefully encourage you to question the nature of human existence.You'll love this game, and there is very few contemporary titles for which to compare Soma too.If you grew up playing the original Thief and want to play a compelling stealth title... You will be disappointed.(Also this game stands alongside “The last of us” when it comes to games which have a perfect ending. Soma pulls no punches and provides you with no neat little positive finale. It's ending is realistic, and just like 'The last of us' that realism may be hard to accept.)Plus the only real negative I can provide is the anticlimactic way the game deals with WAU, the main antagonistic force which hinders your progress. But others seem happy with how the Villain WAU is confronted so 'eh. Subjective opinions and subjective and well, b!tching about gameplay in Soma is feels like kicking a puppy. It's the games weakest aspect so I should probably cut it some slack.TL:DRBut Soma if you enjoy story driven games, ignore it if you are seeking mechanical depth"
,Recommended,282140,29451760,Posted: 23 January,all,Thorens666,"After Amnesia I would not have thought that Frictional Games could outdo themselves. I mean, here was a game filled to the brim with excitement, a believable world, a great story, exceptional voice acting and the list goes on...And then they go and make this. How they did this I have no clue. This game must have taken years of dedication, passion and an entire team of top notch artists and developers. This is all that Amnesia was and more. It has a storyline that will make you question everything, such attention to detail and atmosphere and above all, the most intense gaming experience I've had in ... well, ever, I guess?SOMA is the perfect example that the best stories these days are being told in the gaming industry, and not in Hollywood."
76561198082076206,Recommended,282140,28776904,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zooch,"Got completley pulled in by the incredible story, atmosphere and voice acting. If you enjoyed The Talos Principle and/or Amnesia: The Dark Descent you'll enjoy this as well. Also, if you haven't experienced an existential crisis yet and want to know what that feels like, give this a shot. 10/10"
76561198057782433,Recommended,282140,28840075,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ΞHastyendΞ,Immersive.. sometimes too much.
,Recommended,282140,28753994,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Boriky,"A powerful journey into man's consciousness.SOMA might not be the most terrifying horror game made by Frictional Games, and it isn't the most original one in terms of gameplay, physics mechanics and riddles. But the story itself is enough to make this game great. Totally recommended to sci-fi lovers."
76561197970340703,Recommended,282140,28822064,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TwistedOtter,"I don't write reviews for games often, but...wow.  Just finished it and I ABSOLUTELY got my money's worth.  It is described as ""atmospheric psychological horror"" and it delivers.  I'm definitely not one to jump at sounds in the dark, but this one got my heart racing a few times.  Great story, great progression, very immersive.  My advice:  learn to sneak...and run...and hide...and investigate everything.  The puzzles aren't super hard, but that's a  plus to me.  It's really more about the story.  This game has you asking some interesting questions and making tough decisions.  You can tell this is a real labor of love for the design team.  I want to say it was about an 8 hour playthough.  No doubt, you need to play this game."
,Recommended,282140,28820482,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bustafooligan,"Probably the best story of a game that I've ever played. However, I did play it on Wuss Mode mod (still scary enough without it).********SPOILER*********Although, I wish there was an alternate ending for if you didn't kill the WAU. And I kinda wanted to keep walking with and talking to Catherine during the ending in the ARK, possibly meeting more of the PATHOS-II crew. And what ever happened to Ross? Did he simply just get eaten? What WAS Ross... was he able to teleport like that or was he a hallucination? But robots can't hallucinate.... maybe I missed something."
,Recommended,282140,20497332,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,I wonder how long my name can be,"Fantastic story, extremely immersive, and very suspenseful. This game is as satisfying as reading a great sci-fi short story but is also testament to games as a narrative medium. Can't wait for the next game this studio puts out."
76561198006534531,Recommended,282140,28818317,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cam-Waaagh,"Bought on sale, would gladly pay full price for this gem. This game had me thinking for hours after i played it if i had made the right choices ''for me anyway''. Plus as someone who hates the unknown in the ocean i was on the edge of my seat, sweating bullets anytime i had to leave the safety of these underwater labs."
76561197984880956,Recommended,282140,28818606,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,6ril,To me it's the game of the year 2016
76561198088555894,Recommended,282140,28747859,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Newman01633,One of my favourite single player games do date.
,Recommended,282140,28746238,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Aegon I Targaryen,"Creepy, disturbing and intense journey that will make the question your humanity."
76561197966365754,Recommended,282140,28742882,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Niffen,"Brilliant Game! I have nearly pooed my pants a few times, would highly recommend it to anyone who likes a bit of suspense! It has a beautiful underwater backdrop which you get to explore. You even get attached to the other AI in the game. It's got a great storyline with lots of notes to read. Can't recommend it enough. I hope to find another game like it."
,Recommended,282140,28808948,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PartialBirth666,One of the best sci fi narratives in a while.  If you can get past the spooks (which really aren't all that bad) I highly recommend.  A+++++ would buy again
76561198299411457,Recommended,282140,28808956,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,alissaroz24,"A horrifying, beautiful game. I just completed the game and am still shocked at how many emotions I am feeling. This one is a must play. Hats off to the developers and their entire team!"
76561198318877325,Recommended,282140,28809832,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,sneakeyboard,"The spoiler free review:Great game. Awesome concept that makes you think even outside of the game; that's hardly achieved on similar genres (referring to the story's theme). To those considering this title, know that it is very linear and doesn't answer every question one may have, but does remain consistent throughout.That said, I do feel there was a lot of room in the game to include more desicions for the player, which could lead to further immersion with the game. Don't get me wrong, the story is good enough to get your mind off its linearity, but just a few, simple choices would definitely help identifying with the character a little more.Without much else that I'd change, it definitely is a recommend in my list and really hope to see more from these developers. Don't feel there's much wrong here. You may argue that the character is stoic (or flat), but to me that fit right in with the story (discussed in the spoiler section).This next part is a more in-depth look at the game. I consider this analysis a big spoiler so it's all in tags. Read if you don't care much or if you've already played the game. It won't spoil everything but it does certainly break the first-impression.About the ""flat"" character: If you recall Tron (I liked the concept used and believe this to be true), the main character's father copies himself and wants to create something ""perfect,"" but perfection is something that he, at that time, didn't know could not exist, and there's your antagonist for that movie. In my mind, a ""digital-copy"" of yourself will never reach the level of potential your brain has and therefore cannot learn to be mature. Our main character is kinda flat and you kinda don't see a big change, just acknowledgement. Don't wanna turn it into a discussion (we got forums for that), but I've commented on a ""not recommended"" review explaining why I agree with this. Normally, though, I'd hate a flat character in a game so heavy with story like this one.I'll start with the fact that the few desicions made in the game have NO impact to the ending. This, to me, is a crude way of humanizing the character in the game and defeats the purpose of making a choice in the first place. By simply tying multiple endings to the choices made, the game would be on my top 3; sad to see this potential go to waste. Imagine and ending where you decided humans are done for and the project's bs, so you don't launch the akr (sink it, blow it up, etc)...or you discover that there could be survivors on the surface...It'd be a really interesting plot twist.Another thing that bothered me is the nice setup towards the end that ended in a sort of cliffhanger. I was expecting a smoother backstory of how the chaos started and how the infected, deformed machines came to be (yes, I know, it was the WAU but that's like saying Japan decided to give up on WWII without talking about the nuclear bombings). I would have loved to see more backstory on how things ended up so bad for them. Think of the projections on the prometheus movie when they found the alien spaceship.Here's a good example of a big cliffhanger: The WAU is...defeated? (or not, was up to you..?) Afterwards you simply keep on moving like nothing. Well, you're missing a hand but again, the choices feel llike they don't matter.tl;lrMultiple endings and an expansion on this WAU thing that was left loose would have made the game flawless. It's an amazing title but I guess I just wanted to see more of it and was disappointed by what felt to be a short ride.note: I understand more or less what happened with the WAU. It broke loose and it was ""learning,"" turning against people there for w/e reason, blah blah. I listened to the story.Long post. Sorry."
,Recommended,282140,28813842,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kLogiKal,Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥in video game form. Great game!
,Recommended,282140,28814563,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheMightyGeckoe,"10/10.Great story, and everything else honestly."
,Recommended,282140,28806112,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wasteland Wanderer,A very interesting storyline. This game can make you question what really counts as 'being alive'.A good buy in my opinion.
76561198125700701,Recommended,282140,28815203,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sugar Tits,This game is magnificent.Utterly stunning.Nothing else I can say exept; I r8 8/8 m8.
76561198156446688,Recommended,282140,28815335,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,vindolf2014,"Soma is an excellent horror game with a good story. The end of the game is one of the best I have ever seen, I still think about it after more than a year after finishing it. It may even give you existential questions about the humanity. Even though you don't have a gun in the game, you get some bioshock vibes going trough glass tunnels. The game is really worth it, so if you have the money, please get it now!9.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,31742161,Posted: 14 May,all,Bamberooni,"Games have no right being this atmospheric. The ol Frictional run away and hide formula is slightly dull by now, but this is more than made up for by the story and world.W A WA  ✓  AW A W"
76561198040672244,Recommended,282140,31733118,Posted: 13 May,all,Doctor Rabius,"First off, I will give no spoilers, secondly I DO recommend SOMA, highly. I have been playing games on console and PC for nearly three decades now. Only recently did I really start to look at the survival/horror/scary genre. I bought Outlast (which I will review later) and frankly it was so frightening that I have not played it again.On to SOMA.Okay so I definately recommend this game. It is not a game which fixates the plot around old abandoned buildings and jumpscares. It is not your usual haunted house or running from zombies. Basically I give this game a big thumbs up because they thought outside the box when it comes to atmosphere and nailed it.Buy SOMA. It has a very creative storyline. You are not allowed to get bored milling around ""stuck"" on where to go next. Once again I can appreciate the fact that this game is not just a box full of suspenseful music and jumpscares.Oh! I nearly forgot to add the primary thing...there are moments in SOMA that force you to question...question whether you just did the right thing or not...appearances can be decieving. So just scaring the player is not at the heart of the matter. Making the player question their own decisions does come in to play.10/10 by A.E.S. Labs"
,Recommended,282140,19352311,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Phlegethon,"There's a moment. A quiet moment that completely floored me. A discussion gets cut off and you're plunged into darkness. Not for an Outlast jumpscare, but for an existential absurdist moment.Dripping with atmosphere, superb art and audio design, the vast expanse of sea and concepts at play are the real horrors here. Yet I don't think the monsters are entirely out of place. They may be a playcation for both gameplay purposes and to capitalise on Amnesia's success, but they're also crucial to making the journey an ordeal and to the plot, of course. Where Amnesia succeeded in making you scared of things that often weren't there, SOMA looks inwards at what might or might or not be there.Apart from some initially awkward dialogue, the voice acting is some of the most natural and convincing around. The game thrives off of the conversations of our two protagonists. It would have been so easy to kill Simon's voice like many a first person experience, but It's the one thing that truly lets you live his situation. It made the world real.It helps that the grounded physics of 'grab and manipulate' connects you so well with the environment. The meat of the gameplay is in the exploration and navigation of these sometimes quite large open spaces and interaction with the falling apart tech, monitors, doors, drawers and everyday objects.The strength of the game and its plot is in its focus. The end goal is established early on, so the somewhat nihilistic and pessimistic themes are always capped with hope on the horizon. It feels exhausting. An unlikely quest you get to embark on. Well well worth it."
,Recommended,282140,31735152,Posted: 13 May,all,~♥Lewy♥~,"Great horror game overall, enemies are sometimes a bit too easy to avoid but oitherwise you know what to expect if you played Amnesia.Visual distortion effects are a bit too much but can be disabled in options."
,Recommended,282140,31724920,Posted: 13 May,all,Aytug,"Good narration, easy puzzles, just right amount of scare level and perfect atmosphere.Anybody, who likes this kind of games, should try it. Price is normal (not expensive for the content) and it takes about 10 hours to complete.My score : 7.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,31713398,Posted: 12 May,all,sRd^-,5/5 Stars - very underrated game. For me it's in the same category as Bioshock(1 & 2) and Prey (the 2nd).Definitely worth every penny.
76561198066521381,Recommended,282140,19099723,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,mat669,Best game ever. The plot is outstanding! The best exploration of consciousness in a game that I've seen
,Recommended,282140,22489852,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Art of War,"Now, I must say, I am baffled. Dazzled, amazed whatever you want to call it. When I first saw that the game was made by the same studio as Amnesia, I was skeptical. Some might think Amnesia was a good game, but I personally found it exceptionally boring. It just didn't phaze me. Now, with SOMA, that's a different story.The concept behind the story amazes me. It brings forth so many moral questions and interesting sides of the shere concept of morality, that it really makes you think. The horror factor of the game was completely ignored by me as I soaked in every piece of information I could find. If any monsters hindered me of getting information, I will be sad.The transisions in the story are made superbly well, and the discovery of how real everything is, is the most fun thing about the game.If you like stupid monsters that don't see you if you stick a chair in their face, and like the middle age and a madman on the quest of vengeance, go play amnesia.If you're interested in moral concepts, psychology and human understanding as well as the quest of self-discovery in a future scenario. Play this game. It's worth it."
,Recommended,282140,22490222,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,DiehlOrNoDiehl,"SOMA is absolutely horrifying, the game has some of the best audio ques I have ever played with and the immersiveness and the overall experience was scary as balls. The game has amazing graphics, is really well optimized, and is scary, which is good! SOMA has a lot of crazy monsters and it really gets you on the edge of your seat and really does get your heart rate up. It was made by Frictional Games who built Amnesia and that right there should prove to you how intense this game is. So overall I'd give this game a 5/5 stars because I have literally no complaints for it."
,Recommended,282140,26223174,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hakyra,"It might sound strange, but, the only thing i will say is this:Go in completely blind, don't look at any trailer or gameplay."
76561198160473693,Recommended,282140,31808149,Posted: 17 May,all,alien_34_2,10/10
76561197985476895,Recommended,282140,31927764,Posted: 23 May,all,Ash,"Impressive quality of work, against cheap, cheesy, too much gore, jumpscare horrors."
76561198008973947,Recommended,282140,31813450,Posted: 17 May,all,420-yoLoSW4GG4n4ut|XxX-420,"Incredible graphics and one of the most ♥♥♥♥ed up games i've ever played.The Linux port was done very well, which i appreciate.10/10!"
,Recommended,282140,31925364,Posted: 23 May,all,[VG] ERROR_TK,"Woah, insomniac did it again. If you enjoyed playing (or even watching) Amnesia, you will love this game."
76561198137629272,Recommended,282140,31923713,Posted: 23 May,all,Voerman,"Totally not what you would expect. The philosophic questions it tackles are nothing new to be honest, but the overall story is a real gem.For the technical side, loadings are a bit slow, but once they are done, the game runs pretty smoothly, with fairly nice graphics and physics. The enemy AI is nothing remarkable, persistent, but predictable and dumb in most cases.Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,282140,31937430,Posted: 24 May,all,keaton08,Simply amazing. Really gets under your skin.
,Recommended,282140,31316695,Posted: 23 April,all,UnassumedGender,"-It's a great experience. Interesting story. Well made.-The opposite could be said about the monsters however.Gameplay is right around 13 hours if you go for a full lore run (highly reccomended)If you want to buy this game because you'll get scared and you're into that stuff (I am) don't buy it. The monsters are frustrating, and at times, so stupid, it makes FG look like idiots. The backstory and lore is what drives this game fully. It tells a wonderful story on what its like to be human and is so, so, so thought provoking. Highly reccomend-Also, Its extremely fun to speedrun, so..."
76561198073700153,Recommended,282140,32138905,Posted: 2 June,all,guxterix,Can't recommend enough. Better than other more popular AAA productions. Really got my heart pounding. Great concept on the story.
76561198054354426,Recommended,282140,32146893,Posted: 3 June,all,bradwfarris,This is the best game I have ever played. It's easily three times as good as Amnesia TDD.
,Recommended,282140,32136882,Posted: 2 June,all,Calcifer,This is one of those very rare games that change the way you think. It offers you a interesting perspective additionally to its deep and rich atmosphere. I feel genuinely positive about this game (which was just the right mix of horror/anxiety and philosophy) and am very excited for the next game of Frictional Games.
76561198001741217,Recommended,282140,32849353,Posted: 27 June,all,SleepyCount,SOMA is a great experience.  I purchased it in the 2017 steam summer sale.  Now having played it I would have payed full price but unfortunately I was focused on other games when it released. It is a great story and one you wont forget and the scares are perfectly stretched out to make you feel safe. I would say get it when your able to it's one you shouldnt miss out on.  9/10   Also holy crap the sounds are fantastic! you hit a bottle and hearing it roll across the ground in tense moments is terrifying.
,Recommended,282140,32836146,Posted: 26 June,all,Evil Morty,"I still haven't finished the game but I already know this is a masterpiece, the best horror game so far.It takes the atmosphere of Amnesia, the best parts of Alien: Isolation, a world similar to Rapture from Bioshock plus a great and rich storyline. The tension keeps building up through psychological horror instead of cheap jumpscares, the interaction with the environment feels natural and the sound design is simply incredible. There is a very high attention to detail and exploration is rewarded with additional plot information, there are no loading screens which would break immersion and when loading from a saved file you get reminded where you left off and what you had to do which is a nice touch.10/10 would be spooked again"
76561198072433517,Recommended,282140,32880837,Posted: 27 June,all,The Bandit,"man, screw that tentacle guy, made my skin crawl....otherwise 9/10, would play again, very good story and lore, not unlike any other horror game"
,Recommended,282140,32866514,Posted: 27 June,all,FALprofessional,"This game has everything we have come to expect of a sci-fi, psychological horror game: existential questions, moral dilemmas, underwater basketweaving in the Marianas Trench, juking bitc* as* monsters for days. You know, the finer things in life."
76561198031870137,Recommended,282140,32491912,Posted: 16 June,all,djguardian0311,Robots don't have emotions... Or do robots dream of electric sheep? This game is a prime example of how Frictional Games is the master of the Survival Horror genre. The tension is racheted up to the point where you will look behind you wondering if the techno-monstosities are near.. 10/10 Must buy!
76561197968230623,Recommended,282140,32606355,Posted: 20 June,all,Achilles,This game is amazing but I will never be the same again. It makes you question your humanity and it scares the pants off you (if you let it). Game is best played with headphones in a dark room. 10/10 highly recommend it and worth every penny.
,Recommended,282140,32607900,Posted: 20 June,all,YuJia,"Unfortunately, it took so long to play the game. But a good game, even after a long time, won't fade away.Now is 2017 this year, in June, but even a diabolical sunshine outside the window again how exposure, could not interrupt me seemed to be soaked in the bottom of a shallow thinking - for terrorist ""SOMA"" game, and a little bit of thinking something behind it. That's the depths of the deep sea, the idea of the word ""alive"".This year is horrible games in the year, seven big transformation of biochemical crisis, incumbent escape 2 are on sale this year, and the past E3 on the evil spirit possessed 2 trailer, terror game fans shouted again. (I'm not.)But even in this ""horrible year,"" I was struck by a horror game that had been on sale for nearly two years. It's SOMA.Drama!!!!!!Lottery!!!!!!In advance!!!!!!P!!!!!!The game tells the story of Simon, the leading brain problem in a car accident, who underwent a brain therapy test. While receiving treatment in the brain in one day ""scan"", lost consciousness, suddenly awoke to find myself in more than 100 years after the depths of the sea internal facilities, and face the fact that he is human extinct. Lonely Simon follow the guidance of unknown girl came to the facilities of a disciplinary action, and with the female consciousness of source - a boarding in the chip, Catherine (Catherine) can together on the ""save"" the rest of the human journey, started the ""ark"" in the bottom of the Pacific's planned launch of into space.Of course, the thousands of Simon and Catherine have finally succeeded, and they have launched the ark into a cosmic sea of stars, beginning a happy life in the data-conscious world... But that was the thing of Simon and Catherine that belonged to the ark. ""Real"", Simon died in hundred years ago, ""wake up"" and Simon also abandoned on the Mick Dijon (Omicron), and launch the ark, Simon also end up rotting in the deep silence of the sea.Drama,through""beamThis makes every player think of a problem that has been explored by philosophers for millennia:What is living?Some people say that living is the heart beating, living is I can feel everything around me, to be alive is to wake up every morning and open my eyes and I can see the sun the next day. So that person says, ""to live is to live.""And some people say that living means that we are known to other people, that we are part of the community, that we are a family, a family, a career, a social responsibility, that is a living thing. So that person says, ""to live is to be known by others.""Others say that meme is still alive? Jesus Christ died thousands of years ago, and the christians still deeply put him in his heart, the great wenhao, the big scientist, the existence of the eternal life in our hearts?Indeed, the vague notion of ""living"" can be answered in a thousand different ways by a thousand different angles, and there is nothing wrong with them. It can be explained by the vague concept of ""living"".And in SOMA, there is a more interesting explanation: where consciousness is.againtimeDrama,throughA hundred years ago, dead Simon died? No, no, Simon's scan became the template for all artificial intelligence.Did the waking Simon die? No, he's not dead. He's still sleeping in aumich.Is Simon dead from the launch of the ark? Maybe, but he must have been miserable before he died. This proves that he was alive, even though his body was a walking tool made up of dead bodies, gelatin, machines and chips.And the loss of any body, left only to be conscious in the ark, in the endless deep air of Simon ""alive""?There is no doubt that Simon is alive, and he and Catherine, and others in the ark, are carefree and happy.Reveal the end of the storySo we can divide Simon into three stages, Simon from 100 years ago, Simon from the ark, and Simon on the ark. They are all living in different ways at different times and in different ways. This reminds me of the beginning of the game:Reality, even if you refuse to believe it exists, won't just disappear- Philip K has has has has has hasIn the SOMA, my understanding is that every Simon because it's the reality and consider themselves alive, even if Simon lost the body in the deep sea, and he believes he is still alive. Because of the deep, the end is his reality, he again how don't believe everything in sight, don't believe in yourself, also won't change anything, he is still on the launch of the ark, in order to continue another code world alive.But he refused to believe what Catherine said, and was shocked, angry, and despairing of the depths of the sea after the launch of the ark. He was mad about Catherine, believing that Catherine had deceived herself, and that he could only be in the depths of the sea for ever, even though he might have known such a result.In the understanding of SOMA, that's the idea. Some of them are vague and very bright. Existence is just a reality that we realize, even if we don't believe it, don't understand it, we can only do what we do in this existence.Well, from the myth of SOMA, maybe I'm two of the young offenders.Close the screen, take off your headphones, and look into the clear sky outside, I thought."
76561198092424917,Recommended,282140,32598475,Posted: 20 June,all,DG,"This game good.The grahpics are decent, but the gameplay and story is amazing; To bad there is a glitch that won't allow me to continue the story, but I looked everywhere for answers and  I got nothing on this glitch.Anyway it's a good game, not worth 29.99, but I say pick it up at a sale."
76561198052615915,Recommended,282140,32635733,Posted: 21 June,all,leemug,"Very well thought out and suspenseful but very slow paced and frustrating at times. Only for fans of exploration and puzzles. You can't fight back , only sneak around, run and hide. Personally I much prefer Games like Dead Space and Alien Isolation but I can understand why this has almost a cult following."
,Recommended,282140,29036065,Posted: 5 January,all,Sgt. Beanie Sandals,"This game simply blew me away. The ending was surprisingly original, witha twist! I definitely took my time in the game, Ioved the storyand atmostphere. This is truly one of the greatest games I have ever played."
,Recommended,282140,32945165,Posted: 28 June,all,Ameldur,"Never a dull moment!Great atmosphere, great story, great sound design...Everything was just great. Buy this game and prepare to get scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,282140,32972133,Posted: 28 June,all,Psychedelic Mind,"9.5/10This game? An amazing experience. It feels like a mix of Amnesia, Bioshock, and Dead Space. Highly recommend this game if you dig atmospheric story driven horror. Also what i loved about this game was that you have to sneak around avoiding the monsters which adds more to the horror atmosphere as you are literally defenseless. One thing i do wish it did was give you hints about the monsters as it may take a while to figure out what they do. Besideds that I had an outstanding experience with this game. The ending was also a beautiful sort of thing depending on your perspective. As you play the game you'll know what I mean. Few things left to add is that as you go through the game it really makes you question a lot of things. Ex: ""Did we really have to that in order to achieve this current result?"" I would name more but it would somewhat spoil the game.  To fully understand what is going on i recommend reading all the computers/tablets you find. Along with the notes and audio as they will make this more understandable. AND! Pay attention to the menu screen before and after the game :) i thought it was a great thing they added"
76561197970785836,Recommended,282140,28738082,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jjMan,Like a good movie you totally get sucked into the story.  Stayed up late just to see how it would end.Fun game!
76561198316637424,Recommended,282140,30172267,Posted: 25 February,all,Squawk,Amazing story buy it now
76561198136444589,Recommended,282140,30181551,Posted: 25 February,all,Panzer_Nacker,"Brilliant game. Its quite a bit different to most other horror games but that is what makes it so good. One of the best stories I have played with one of the best bitter sweet endings. As another review puts it, ""if this game doesn't give you an existential crisis, I dont know what will"" are the truest words spoken. 10/10"
76561198015338954,Recommended,282140,30203015,Posted: 26 February,all,schinico,No Regrets!
,Recommended,282140,30190431,Posted: 26 February,all,Nova Caine,"Dude, best 15.9 hours of my life...  :'D"
76561198011992222,Recommended,282140,31201473,Posted: 17 April,all,SpartanGrug,A beautiful game with an excellent story. Reminds me a bit of Altered Carbon books.
,Recommended,282140,31188871,Posted: 16 April,all,Vanilla Gorilla,"This game surprised the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me! Awesome visuals, interesting setting and story, decent puzzles, and non-stop moments of terror and action! The environments and story constanly left me wanting to see whats next. The enemies are creepy as hell, and because you have no means of fighting them, you always have a sense of being hunted and you never feel safe. This is really heightend when you are opening a slow♥♥♥♥♥door and you know they are creeping up on you. I couldnt stop playing until i saw the end. If you enjoy horror games the way they used to be (dead space etc). I highly recommend picking this one up."
,Recommended,282140,31186610,Posted: 16 April,all,Libor226™,just...WOW
76561198323355634,Recommended,282140,30250694,Posted: 28 February,all,ladymongoose,"Great story and character development. This game actually scared me in many places, much more than Amnesia TDD did, and that had some very tense moments, but I felt the story lacked something. Highly recommended it, especially at the price. Not really any replay value, but I got 31 hours of game time in, so I felt for $1 an hour, it was worth it. Beautiful atmosphere and satisfying ending."
76561198109038366,Recommended,282140,31166676,Posted: 15 April,all,CryptJoker,"Not the scariest games on steam but I must say, this is one of the best stories Iv'e ever played through must buy"
,Recommended,282140,31166334,Posted: 15 April,all,MAD&MAD,"Recommend it for those who look for something out of the ordinary, a horror game filled with interesting puzzles and most importantly deep and strong narrative game.Finished the game in almost 6-7 hours. Good writing and pacing. Loved voice acting.Loved it!"
,Recommended,282140,26303798,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Gicu,"Holy sh*t...Nope... nope, nope, nope.Can't play it... ."
,Recommended,282140,31172688,Posted: 16 April,all,DWZ,"Creepy as hell, but very fun.  Good story line, you definitely want to keep playing to see how the story ends."
,Recommended,282140,31172337,Posted: 16 April,all,Страх,"I won't give a long review, all I will say is that this is, at a minimum, 4 stars out of 5. I would give it a 5.This game encapsulates PEREFECTLY how you make sequels: not a mere repetition with new weapons and characters with better graphics, but rather being better in every way than their predecessors. Without spoiling anything, this game takes Amnesia: A Dark Descent's horror formula and style to a new level. Horror that doesn't rely on jump scares, but rather constant discomfort wherever you go, and an horrific terror that follows you whenver you so much as know the monster is nearby.Not to mention SOMA is truly a worthy descendent of Amnesia in many other ways. The graphics look great, and are well-used with the art style and level design. Voice acting is far more diverse and improved compared to Amnesia. The story is much more in-depth and developed than Amnesia, and the gameplay is certainly far improved.If you liked Amneisa, you will love SOMA, and if you loved Amnesia, then SOMA will be heaven for you."
76561198065037527,Recommended,282140,28618712,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,necropolin,Any game with a functioning toilet is already amazing in my book.
76561198007512133,Recommended,282140,27640643,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeN@ZaVr,AweSOMA!
76561198030809374,Recommended,282140,31152865,Posted: 15 April,all,realPeacemaker,"Hard to find any game with that much love given to Atmo. This is a masterpiece in the history of video games. Jump in the water is more than fine :)Sound-Design, Music, Art, Leveldesign last not least the story blew me away."
,Recommended,282140,28664170,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,upryzing,"Absolutely will absorb you. Highly recommend! Once you pick it up, don't put it down untill you are done."
76561198352724623,Recommended,282140,28669039,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kgj1304,"Extraordinary storyline!Playing the game, I was fully emersed into the main character, Simon.The philosophy of this game is truly thoughtful and imaginative.And the description of deep sea is so realistic and fascinating.If you have not played this ever, I strongly recommend you to try."
,Recommended,282140,25995164,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Hyvernal,"StrenghtsGreat creepy dark abyss atmosphereGreat gameplay and varietyAmazing graphics (4K Ultra quality) and a lot of detailsDifferent kind of dangerous NPCSounds are really good and immersiveThe storyline is really impressive and creativeA lot of realistic puzzlesIt can make you question about your own humanityWeakness:The beginning of the gameA lot of unknown mysteryEnemies are often predictableidk how i can find any weakness, i really enjoyed this game!The game makes you explore an hidden base under sea where you have to find out what happenned to humanity and what you have to do to save what remains.I give a general quote of 8,6/10I recommend the game to players who loves to bring themselves in a pure darkness ambiance!"
,Recommended,282140,18263004,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,UltimateNetwork,"Графика неплоха, интересные уровни, много отсылок к популярным произведениям фантастики, сюжет может немного смтить. Иногда все мудрено, а иногда совсем просто и линейно, это запутывает. Страха не вызывает, в основном смех или отвращение.Из минусов сюжет, его линейность, короткая стори, и возможность убить себя запрыгивая на ящик.Ящики открывать смысла нет, это возможно, но бессмысленно."
76561198013084009,Recommended,282140,28588707,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Levithecat,Amazinggg! Not a fan of horror at all but this made me keep on playing and it was well worth it. Great story and atmosphere.
76561198083199615,Recommended,282140,28650267,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Woltrexx,Fun and scary sh*t
76561198044931074,Recommended,282140,28653533,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Squishus,Deeply engrossing and atmospheric. Incredibly thought provoking and one of the best pieces of cyber punk out there.
76561198042052395,Recommended,282140,28657660,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chemical Scum,"I'll try not to spoil anything, and just talk about my experience of SOMA in general, to try and help those who are thinking of playing the game. I'll seperate this into a few categories, which could be of interest to someone who's considering buying the game.1 The Main Character.The main character is someone who has not read a lot of philosophy, science or science fiction in general. This matters, because if you are someone who has read a lot of the aforementioned subjects, you will be very aware of most of the personal problems the main character faces during the game. Since the main character is not familiar with the problems he's facing, you may feel frustration with him being unable to confront and tackle the questions posed to him, when you might have spent time thinking about these questions already.2 The setting.The setting is functional for what it tries to do. It imposes a specific type of horror, where cramped spaces, confusing alleyways and invincible opponents mix. If you've seen japanese horror movies you will recognize what the game tries to do with the horror elements, and if you're a fan of the old alien movies, you'll recognize a lot of the atmosphere.3 The story.The story is acceptable. It follows a typical story pattern, with an introduction, escalation and crescendo, followed by a somewhat grayish ending. It's not a complicated plot, and it doesn't sport a lot of twists, but that isn't the focus of the game either. There are some puzzles in the game, but they're not difficult, even to me who has a very mediocre IQ. You are not riddled with options in this game, it plays out like a loose version of telltale games, where there's really only one path to take. Do not expect sandbox freedom, it doesn't exist here (and shouldn't either).4 Game controls.Doesn't factor in. The game is one step away from a point and click, so you can safely leave you 1337 h@xx0r skills in games they belong. You won't need them in this game.5 Horror content.There are a few cheap jump scares, but most of the time the game builds up a sense of security which it then wrecks by throwing something at you when you least expect it. It also has success by telling you that something scary is coming, it's coming, it's coming, and then it comes but not from where you expect it.I recommend the gamre in general. It's not expensive, and it does give you a bunch of hours of enjoyment. It's not a terribly long game, but it feels longer than it is because your character travels for long stretches.Lastly, a spoiler. It's not a real spoiler, but it does ruin some of the game, so don't keep reading if you don't want it.Still Here? Next piece is only relevant to transhumanists.Okay then. If you're a transhumanist, the game is not that scary. You are pretty aware from the get go what is going on, and once the main character is on board with what needs to be done, the monsters kinda become toothless. You have probably already worked out the plot, the ending, the consequences, and there no real mystery or fear involved. There's no philosophical paradox for you, because you likely think souls are hokus pokus, and the idea of consciousness transfers is probably something you've already come to terms with.If not, then game on.It's not a bad game. Just... Not that much horror to a transhumanist."
,Recommended,282140,28595970,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Aeon Lemurs,"If you have any interest in horror games then this is a doozy. I would reccomend to anyone. The store and atmosphere is amazing. I jumped, got scared, and enjoyed it immensely."
,Recommended,282140,28601809,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Charlie,"Completed the game five months ago. It has marked me. By the time I bought it I wasn't aware of games that not only told you a story, but also dealt with philosophical concepts and dilemmas, like The Talos Principle or this very game. Since I played it for the first time I fell in love with it. The scenarios, the music, all. But the best of all of that was the plot. If you are a philosophy lover, like to think about your existence and enjoy story rich games, then you are going to love SOMA."
76561197968578628,Recommended,282140,27548247,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Legchopper,For me this was the GOTY 2015. A great Cyberpunk body horror game. The less you know about it before you start to play it the better. Just buy it already its worth it.
,Recommended,282140,27517127,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nibodhika,"If you like other horror games like Amnesia or Penumbra this game is almost as good in horror. But what makes this shine above all other contendants is the brilliant story. If you, like me, like games with rich stories this is a must, and even if you don't like horror games there are some mods that make the enemis don't attack, so there's no reason not to play this awesome masterpiece of storytelling."
,Recommended,282140,26168527,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Jore,"Stellar piece of work, give it a try if a dark, maturely written, and thought provoking sci-fi thriller sounds appealing, even if horror isn't your thing."
,Recommended,282140,18462479,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Josuet,"The best game ever, if you have the ***** to finish it.This game explores a really interesting theme and tells a good story in an immersive environment.The survival horror mechanics are basic, but still greatly enhance the setting!Definitely worth ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants for!"
,Recommended,282140,27559789,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jay Nix,"A complete mind-♥♥♥♥. Prepare to question your own existence. Oh yeah, it's a survival horror game that's more about the psychological horrors of what it means to be alive rather than the threat of death."
76561198080741393,Recommended,282140,31185488,Posted: 16 April,all,†Ṿ† | Boudewijn  met de Baard,"Deeply immersive, strong story great writing.. recommendation"
,Recommended,282140,31184117,Posted: 16 April,all,Evil Morty,"Simply amazing. Wasn't sure what to expect apart from hearing good things about it and was completely blown away. Easily one of my all time favorites now. Absolutely a must play, if you're unsure I guarantee you will not regret playing this game. It's soooo good."
76561198021714964,Recommended,282140,30200455,Posted: 26 February,all,stidermeister,"sick game, scared as *uc* when i played it but damn what a good game, cant get it off my mind!"
76561198052830043,Recommended,282140,30259807,Posted: 1 March,all,Trollocaust,"I dont usualy write reviews on steam but this game was so good that I just had to post one, I loved everything about this game from the start to finish, I purchased the game thinking I'd just be getting an Amnesia/Alien Isolation, hide and seek horror game and was completly blown away from what the game offered. An increadably imersive story, fantastic atmosphere created by brilliant visuals and audio, very well done voice acting and some of the best puzzles I'v seen since Resident Evil. I cant think of a single game that made me think the way this game did, SOMA made me question my very existance and I give it a 10/10 easily. If you're a fan of horror games then I highly recommend this as its cemented itself as a masterpiece in my eyes."
,Recommended,282140,30309722,Posted: 3 March,all,Deadglow,Frictional made♥♥♥♥♥♥friction out of my♥♥♥♥♥♥because ofrobots chasing me.Then I contemplated existence and cried. I need a shower
,Recommended,282140,30291095,Posted: 2 March,all,Dr. Pippa,"Look, this was a good game, makes one really question the ideas behind what makes a human, what is concsiousness, continuity of thought or existence, and all that lovely jazz. It was, overall, well made. good lighting, sounds, effects. obviously this is no amnesia, hard to top that game in the horror category, but this was still very well done if you are looking for an emotional roller coaster of fear, thought, and sadness... which, combined, really do create the feeling of a proper horror.And now im just going to continue on with a side little rant about Simon, (ive been quite vague so as to not really spoil anything. it should really only make sense after having played the game) the character you play: you see, Simon failed to grasp, over and over, the ideas of how computers work, scanning, and the overall gist of what copy and paste is. seeing as how Simon comes from 2015, this is odd that he doesnt understand this basic concept. because, if he had, there are several areas that would have been way less sad if simon had just not been a complete idiot. but, no, instead simon acts like he killed someone, or left someone to rot away, etc. when the reality of the situation is that simon is alive in all instances and is free to roam the ocean. and, he has robot buddies to roam it with!"
,Recommended,282140,18897702,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,theinfinitestar,"Performance issues aside, SOMA is an excellent survival horror experience. With a plot centered around the nature of existence, consciousness, and humanity, the game provokes and unsettles long after the story concludes."
76561198050688432,Recommended,282140,23650754,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,given85,"SOMA is an atmospheric, scary, well-designed game with an interesting story, good level design, and some original concepts.  It challenges you to re-think what death and consciousness mean, and does so in a particularly unnerving manner.It took me about 30 hours to get through it, so it isn't that long, and it's pretty linear. That said, it is not too difficult, but you might be forced to seek out a hint online a time or two, as there are several puzzle sections...actually a lot of them...to figure out.  There is a stealth element in SOMA, but you don't have any weapons.  Running and hiding are your only defenses.Overall, it's an entertaining, surprisingly immersive game that I consider well worth the money.  Recommended."
76561198091442852,Recommended,282140,23698197,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,heart attack,This game has a very catchy story. The atosphere is great and it actually feels like a really horror game that gives you chills and anxiety instead of dumb jumpscares. If you like games like Amnesia than it is the perfect game for you
76561198306534729,Recommended,282140,23738753,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,AltWhite,"Buy the game. If you're at all interested in great stories then this is the game for you.If I was going to be critical (even though it was an amazing game) I would say they should have added in more cool things to do with technology or more background possibilites or side missions or something.Even with that, just pretend you're in the characters position and you'll feel it."
,Recommended,282140,18221459,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Requiem Landrev,"1 - Is this a good game ?Yes, it's amazing!2 - Is this as good as Amnesia: The Dark Descent ?Yes. I'd say even better!3 - Is this asscaryas Amnesia: The Dark Descent ?No, not even close.But why ?It's pretty simple. In SOMA, you have ""a friend"". Someone to help you out and who talks to you every now and then in the game. She follows you everywhere you go, and it takes away the feeling of being alone with all these creatures. A little bit similar to Red (if I remember well) from Penumbra: Overture. And that's pretty much the only reason why it's not as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent."
76561198050809996,Recommended,282140,23479006,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,FireGodz,Great Game!!!!
76561198129300687,Recommended,282140,23447230,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,HeyItsVen,"The game is so awesome! It's laggy but that's my computer, I'm so glad I bought this! Graphics are amazing. The game is super scary. And downloading maps for this game is cool! If you are considering buying this, GET THIS GAME!"
76561197975383258,Recommended,282140,23486910,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,whyhaveone,"I 'enjoyed' this game more than I thought that I would. 'Enjoyed' because when you are cowering in the semi-dark waiting for something and hoping that it does not see you enjoyment is not quite the correct word. :-)The most unusual element for me was not being able to fight back, this means you must detour/hide from/not look at whatever is prowling around. I also liked the fact that there is very little music in this game, it's all about the atmospherics and the underwater sounds - really creepy at times.There are a couple of tough decisions to make that add some depth to the storyline and, hurrah, this had what I thought was a superb ending! So many games do not really succeed there.Was it worth getting, most definitally yes."
76561198075347484,Recommended,282140,23487213,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,daniel.pena.arteaga,"While SOMA is a good game and I enjoyed playing it, with its greatatmosphere and all, there are three big problems with it:- It is too short, really short. I took my time exploring all the areas,and I finished in barely 15 hours.- It was really really really easy. It feels more like an interactive moviethan a computer game. Puzzles are childlike, there is not much roomto explore and the foes, while sometimes frightening, very limitedin behavior.- The story is good, but the ending feels a little rushed. There are noplot holes, but it could have been so much more that in the end onefeels a little disappointed.Overall a good game, pity it did not come to its full potential!"
76561198056050021,Recommended,282140,23480058,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Salonik,"The thriller/horror game is really not my favorite type of game, but this looked cool so i thought i'd give it a try. Hooked immediately and couldn't stop till i finished. It was scary but oh so worth it. Mysterious, exciting, and thought provoking - a very cool experience. The setting and atmosphere are increbile and the story is compelling.Only thing that I didn't like is that you can't chose your characters dialogue, he can be kind of♥♥♥♥♥sometimes"
,Recommended,282140,24436526,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,;-; MittenFace,"Spent 8 hours playing so far, and getting more and more drawn into the storyline. Very interesting, atmospheric, and sometimes freaking terrifying. Would recommend."
,Recommended,282140,24435698,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,stratodyne,"It's been a long time since I've played a game that imbued such thick ambience. The music, the visual aesthetics, and the sound design...good lord the sound design. I'd rank the sound up there with Dead Space and Bioshock.The writing is also superb, delving deep into the definition of humanity, and the characters are well acted by the voice actors. Can't recommend this game enough!"
76561198043365153,Recommended,282140,24303935,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,TheRealSlimScrubby,"5 hours,literally too scared to play anymore11/10"
,Recommended,282140,24126977,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Wiking,Beautiful and possibly one of the most satisfying endings I've ever played.
,Recommended,282140,24125096,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,sHeist,"Frictional Games... you've done it again.Came into this spoiler free and was a little concerned when playing the first few minutes of the game. I was a little biased, thinking that they were trying to reskin Amnesia in space but I was wrong. VERY wrong.Everything in this game is unsettling in the best possible way. Fictional Games have once again proven that they are the best in the industry when it comes to tension and atmosphere. A welcome surprise is the emphasis on beautifully engineered sound design. There are locations in this game that simply must be experienced because of it. You will never see or hear anything like it in any other game. It is that good.Seriously, if Frictional Games doesn't get some kind of award for their sound design, the industry is beyond saving.The story could be considered even better than the audio and video in the game. It starts off pretty ambiguous and makes more sense around the same time as its moral compass starts to veer south. Without giving anything away, its themes on existentialism may stick with you long after you've finished the game. It's one of the few games where I just zoned out for a few hours and thought about not just the fate of the characters, but the fate of the world the characters lived in.This is the kind of game that appeals to both psychological horror fans and sci-fi buffs. Make no mistake, this is not a game about hiding from scary monsters. If you're looking for that kind of experience, Slender or Amnesia might work better for you. There's no hiding from the horrors that exist in SOMA."
,Recommended,282140,24122641,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TANK!,"This game is very good, but it is depressing."
76561197984416788,Recommended,282140,24136602,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,WordsOfFarewell,"This is a stunning mixture of existentialism / subjectivism and survival horror oozing with atmosphere. While the visual presentation might not be on par with other titles it's storyline, however eclectic, is one of the best I've played in the genre and anywhere else. The mechanics are maybe a little underdeveloped but they make traversing the world interesting enough to thoroughly enjoy the strongly designed world and narrative. If you're looking for a spooky and mind stimulating game that leaves you with some philosophical conundrums  all wrapped in a cool story and with good world crafting this is for you."
,Recommended,282140,24137263,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ronald Villiers,"*Slowly creeping around monster* *Kicks glass jar by accident*  *Monster now knows where i'm at*  Me: ""Well♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;    *Dies*+ Deep Story+ Visual effects+ Audio+ Custom Stories+ ScaryPick this up when it goes on sale definitely worth the buy!"
,Recommended,282140,29294444,Posted: 16 January,all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short SOMA review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 8 hoursPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? No, once the credits roll there's not much more to seeBest part – A thought-provoking experience which raises intriguing questions of the relationship between man and machine.Worst part –The monster encounters, while at first exciting and tense, towards the end start to outstay their welcome and get in the way of the story."
,Recommended,282140,29294547,Posted: 16 January,all,Mr. E,"tl;drThis game is one of the greatest games that I have ever played in my life; fantastic voice acting, averyeerie and tense atmosphere, and an excellent story paired with an equally-excellent ending, I believe SOMA to be 11/10. Absolutely.~If The Matrix, Inception, Alien: Isolation and BioShock all had an orgy, one could argue that SOMA would be born. Now, without giving too much away, this game causes one to question the very nature of their existence, and to ask 'whatisconciousness?; what does it mean to ""be"". The game conveys this incredibly well, and due to the amazing voice acting of the protagonist and deuteragonist—Simon Jarrett and Catherine Chun, respectively—the existential question arises multiple times throughout one's play session.The dialogue that the aformentioned characters exchange can be humorous at times—which helps lighten the otherwise tenebrous atmosphere of the game—juxtaposed by other dialogue that seems to emit an aura of doubt and impending doom. The fluctuating mood of the dialogue is arguably one of the more terrifying elements of SOMA; sure it has monsterous entities, Lovecraftian-type beasts that stalk you like slenderman or something of the like, but the underlying existential crisis-esque theme of the plot really keeps one's neurons firing, attempting to solve the riddle of existence.Often the game will make you feel like you're being ""…lured into the back of a van""—to quote protagonist Simon Jarrett—due to the linear nature of the games design and the dark, gloomy, Stygian atmosphere that keeps you on edge the entire time, even during those 'safe' moments in the game where youcan plug the Omnitool into a terminal and upload Catherine to exchange dialogue and further the story.SOMA's visual aesthetic department adds to the already tense and edgy atmosphere of the game: mossy, overgrown metal structures; pressurised diving suits, airlocks; anachronistic computer terminals that have that distinct, hard-drive platter spinning noise; sunken ships and submarines filled with barnacles, valves and lockers; R&D laboratories and medical bays; even anglerfish! The lighting, texture quality, shading and rendering techniques of the game allowed the overall aesthetic of SOMA to shine (or rather, look very,verydark!).Overall, I could not recommend this game enough. I purchased it when it was on sale for approximately $10 USD, but I would gladly pay for this game for full price, knowing the story and atmospheric experience that SOMA has to offer. And that's not even mentioning the Steam Workshop and mod support that SOMA has! Not only can you suffer an existenial crisis from the main story, you can also do it in other peoples campaigns!Even if you dislike horror games, this one is worth picking up just for the story and experience alone.Purchase it, and you will not be disappointed.11/10."
76561197977764204,Recommended,282140,29301328,Posted: 16 January,all,SJT,"Holy crap, this game is fantastic."
76561198033540129,Recommended,282140,29702402,Posted: 4 February,all,ulisse31,"Good 1st person adventure game.You won't shoot in this game but rather follow a storyline which unfolds while you progress in the path.There are some stealth mechanics every now and then that keeps the attention high.Graphics ok, sounds ok, story good to very good.Playing through the end and enjoyed it.Thumbs up!"
76561198137963008,Recommended,282140,29693247,Posted: 4 February,all,9/11 Mastermind,"After playing a lot of games, especially from the horror genre, i can safely conclude that SOMA was one of (if not the best) out thereThe story was magnificent, the athmosphere was so immersive and scary, the environments were so fantastic and i think it was as scary, if not scarrier than amnesia. It is definately worth buying, i loved it so much. I strongly recommend it to anyone who is looking for an awesome horror game10/10"
,Recommended,282140,29695667,Posted: 4 February,all,meemeli,best scifi/horror game 2015
,Recommended,282140,29689566,Posted: 4 February,all,Athideus,WARNING: This game is over 10 haunted!
,Recommended,282140,29737114,Posted: 6 February,all,Draculascastle1,"Brilliantly delivered. I'm a deed thinker, and this provoked a lot of thought. Very pleased with this psychological sci-fi horror.Highly recommended."
76561198245674482,Recommended,282140,29758130,Posted: 7 February,all,PacxAttack,Really great game loved it.
,Recommended,282140,29123480,Posted: 8 January,all,tekhedd,"It's a little bit sad, and a lot scary, and it made me think. A lot. Presented as a horror game but really hard science fiction.I'm not big into being scared, but the story is very compelling. At some point I stopped worrying about dying, and just dreaded what I was going to learn next.10/10 not sure I'm the same being who played the game, or whether that matters."
76561198099957476,Recommended,282140,29708780,Posted: 4 February,all,Dead Benny Bunny (Mako),"Frictional games yet again served us with another AMAZING horror game. They never fail to impress and they know the definition of horror. I'd actually have to say they practically own the genre. Magnificent game, DEFINITELY a must have if you are into horror."
,Recommended,282140,29709030,Posted: 4 February,all,adrian51gray,"This is a perfect cross between Dead Space and Alien Isolation. Great voice acting, great graphics, and awesome story - just buy it."
76561198051736907,Recommended,282140,29724077,Posted: 5 February,all,Occam's Chainsaw ◕‿↼,"Came in expecting a horror game, ended up questioning my existence on this planet.10/10 - would fist a robo-aquatic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ again."
,Recommended,282140,29751878,Posted: 6 February,all,M|A|N|K,ITS NOT REAL! IM NOT REAL!
,Recommended,282140,29748857,Posted: 6 February,all,patzivota,"What a game. This is definetly a horror game with many scary monstor encounters, so if horror isn't your thing, it might be best if you pass on this title. Or you could try to grow some balls and push through this title, becuase it is definetly a unique and very memorable game. SOMA has elements from Bioshock, Bioshock 2 and Alien: Isolation in it, all of which I really enjoy. However in SOMA you have no weapons, and no way to defend yourself from the many monstors, making it that much more scary. In Alien: Isolation you atleast aquired a flame thrower which you could use to defend youself, but in SOMA: you get nothing.Furthermore, there is no HUD, which is better for immersion. And there is no directional icon or mini map. There isn't even a map in the pause menu. SOMA does not take you by the hand, or tell you where to go and what to do. I honestly wish more games made you think about what you were doing and where you were going more. I like it this way, however it can be frustrating sometimes. Espically when monsters are lurking about.Anyways, here's the pros and cons:Pros: atmosphere, story, sound design, graphics, puzzles, variety of locations, often auto-saves, longCons: occasional low-res textures, huge frame-rate dips when loading icon appeared"
76561198035911534,Recommended,282140,30066791,Posted: 20 February,all,Choose-Goose,"I love it =)Soma provides a great DARK and DENSE Atmosphere.The Story is told through the Game progress, starting with very little knwoledge about the plot.The Gameplay is great, and works best for me with XBOX Controller.Works also great on a 2016 13"" MacBook Pro (non-touchbar)."
,Recommended,282140,31480912,Posted: 1 May,all,Strudel,God damn anglerfish..
76561197977078786,Recommended,282140,31497597,Posted: 1 May,all,Master,By far...the most immersive game I've ever played. Truly makes you believe you are having an existential crisis. 10/10
76561198043033763,Recommended,282140,31499679,Posted: 1 May,all,Toby,This was both incredibly depressing and very good.
76561198341645049,Recommended,282140,31432347,Posted: 28 April,all,DEATH by KRAM,I just finished the game or did I ?. This game makes u question existance. Thats alot different to most games and it is pretty scary so they did a good job.The only problem was the puzzles in the game the didnt really need to be puzzles be then i guess running around scared by itself wouldnt be all that differnt from other horror games.And it was good u dont have to collect things.all and all 10/10 great game
,Recommended,282140,31437108,Posted: 29 April,all,KoXL,"Really good game. The monsters can seem a little too easy at times, but the story and atmosphere more than makes up for it.Unfortunately it is a bit short, it took about 9 hours to finnish for me even though i have since discovered that there are more secrets that i didn't find in my first play through."
,Recommended,282140,31471460,Posted: 30 April,all,The Knight Argent,"Wow.Just, wow.I burned through SOMA in the matter of a few days.  The story is so engaging, and the quirks of the UI drew me into the story in a brilliant way.I will say that, for a game that so often hit the cinematic moments so damned well, it missed maybe two places where I thought a major plot point should have been ""hit harder,"" but holy heck, is this a great game."
76561198120240796,Recommended,282140,31471369,Posted: 30 April,all,ANII,quite a bit scary game a very good unique type game but overall very good touching story i recommend you to try it once
,Recommended,282140,31467681,Posted: 30 April,all,NateMac,"Had a great time with this game.  Tense, atmospheric, and held my attention all the way through."
76561197964604644,Recommended,282140,31471776,Posted: 30 April,all,Panzerman105,"Great game.  I usually lose interest in games like this and don't finish, but this game kept me going till the end.  Great story and concept, highly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,282140,31475893,Posted: 30 April,all,arekushi,What a story ! deep and dark. Difficult to say more without spoiling.Just finished it and it leaves me with a systemshockey feeling.Not for the faint of heart or for people not liking stealth but you won't be dissapointed !
,Recommended,282140,31463205,Posted: 30 April,all,{>.<},"Man, this game is freakin' awesome. It isn't so much a horror game than it is a dramatic/philosophical game. The ending to this game really left me feeling empty...in a good way. If you want to experience a sci-fi story that isn't too long, get this game."
76561197961538523,Recommended,282140,31513558,Posted: 2 May,all,Spectral,A journey through technology and psychology that will leave most people with a question or two about where we are headed.Enemies in the game are boring and redundant but they still manage to not destroy the wonderful story and immersiveness  in the game.A must play for sci-fi fans.
,Recommended,282140,31524414,Posted: 3 May,all,za22061991,"SOMA, the game whose maketh me questioning my own existence, and humanity (or, robot-ity?) as well.While I was pulling two ""monster"" connectors from the power plug and made the woman dead in trade of powering the shuttle train, I was thinking, ""Naah, this is only game. No need to feel sorry for her.""Later, while the small robot whose I helped was helping me opening the hatch door, I was thinking, ""What a good small robot. Nice to meet you! :)""A while later, when I met with those small robot again near Delta, was helping me opening my broken shuttle's door and was following me around, was helping me giving some lights and opening door, I was thinking, ""Heyy, this robot is so cute. I want to keep it around.""Then, the Zeppelin came. I need to find a chip which could be scavenged from ALIVE robot to continue operating the Zeppelin. ""Oh no. Am I need to hit those cute small robot?""I felt so bad. But then, I found out that I could hit the other bigger patrol robot to receive the chip. I went to hit the patrol robot with those stun baton until it crashed. I hit it while the cute small robot was following me. Then, the big robot crashed. I took the chip. Next, I realized that the cute small robot now doesn't want to come close to me anymore. I felt guilty. I cannot put the chip into my Omnitool with those burden feeling. I cannot continue. I hit the Escape button. I broke into tears. And now I am writing this review. Later I might need to punch the wall to receive my manliness again and continue the game.11/10 will stun the underwater robot again."
,Recommended,282140,31242020,Posted: 19 April,all,SnappyFerguson,"This game is a thrill ride of the psychological portion.This is a hard game to review, because explaining anything about the plot would ruin what this game is about. The story is so emotionally and morally gripping, that facts and choices you're faced with will leave you worried or wondering what happens next.This isn't necessarily a horror game, but it is eerie and sometimes horrifying. It's more of a psychological thriller, a rollercaoster of thoughts and emotions that is trying to plague your mind, as it's doing to the world in the game.Do yourself a favor, do not read anything about the plot of this game. Buy it, download it, and experience PATHOS-II the way Simon Jarret had to."
76561197976112224,Recommended,282140,31579273,Posted: 6 May,all,Shameless!,10/10
76561198110016374,Recommended,282140,31570971,Posted: 5 May,all,i love to fidget SPIN!,"I have alot of things to say about this game. I will be getting back to making my custom maps, but lets talk about the game first. Although the game doesn't have the same monster feeling as amnesia (Respawning after getting hit) and all, the story of the game was literally amazing. I never really cared about the story of the games until this game. Good job soma, you actually probably have the best story of a game out there that makes you want to keep playing even if the game was bad, although its not i would still want to do it because how good the story was"
76561198283195244,Recommended,282140,31586378,Posted: 6 May,all,Haunts,"This game is amazing. Stressful, but amazing. I've had to take several breaks before moving on in the game.I got it on sale, but it's worth full price.The storyline is well thought out and presented perfectly.  Obviously, they borrowed a lot from Bioshock as far as atmosphere, which I like. It's different enough to create an entirely new experience.I'm looking forward to more from frictional games.Check out Firewatch if you like this games story.  Brief story-driven games are the best."
,Recommended,282140,31561720,Posted: 5 May,all,GAMW TON OTE,WTF is this game
76561198076542399,Recommended,282140,31622580,Posted: 8 May,all,ASpitefulRose,"SOMA isn't ""fun""; it's suspensful and thematic. If you're looking for a survival horror game that invovles you *doing* a lot of things to survive, this isn't it. There's not a lot going on in SOMA in regards to you actively surviving. There are a few scenarios where you have to avoid some monsters but, other than that, there's not a lot of activity in the game.So, why should you play SOMA? Because it has an amazing story that was perfectly executed. The voice-acting is supurb, the game is full of Easter eggs you can find that explain more of the story and setting, and the game's themes take on some really, really heavy ****. SOMA is enjoyable because of the atmosphere, deep and believable character development, and complicated themes.I would sasy this; if you like philosophy and you like horror... play SOMA."
,Recommended,282140,18152952,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Pooch,"It was a realization of this particular hollow feeling that could so easily be mistook for more than it is. For what you never would've thought it could become.I witnessed the amble drifts of isolation, desolation. The folds of a forward demise. Your brain narrows, jaunting the walls of a ravine reading words of what the final footstep beholds. Gaze upon it all - what very little there is of what you're expecting available from the essence of humanity.A cinched shadow of seclusion, slowly exerting its presence.---A gift - an immerging appreciation for the smallest of comforts - a simple greeting. The sight of a being, living and smiling. And for that - one crying in the wake of a life they couldn't cry harder for.The gift of peace in all that would otherwise be a frantic exemplar to the rational emotional ranges of us, us humans.---The degree of alienation is unnatural. It's a remarkable perception, and a beautiful expansion of thought.I've never had a game to put me in such a fascinating, foreign state. But with the talent of the world, I hope some day It'll happen again."
76561197993651074,Recommended,282140,29674619,Posted: 3 February,all,leks,You are not playing this game. This game is playing you. And even getting achievements.15/10 More than game.
,Recommended,282140,29659443,Posted: 2 February,all,Gucci Matzee,Great story and great immersion and setting though less scary than some of Frictional's other games. Strongly recommend for anyone who enjoys the Amnesia games and strongly recommend to anyone who likes games that make them think. Definitely poses some deep existential questions.
,Recommended,282140,29663394,Posted: 2 February,all,Jon,"Amazing game.  Similar to Amnesia. Less terrifying, but profoundly disturbing. This is one of the games where I sat staring at the credits, shocked at the meaning of what I just saw. If you like scary games play this. But be prepared to think about who you are for a long time afterwards."
76561197968092220,Recommended,282140,31025778,Posted: 8 April,all,Dr.Gonzo,"Fantastic game. Started slow and I nearly ditched it, but then the story took off and I was hooked. One of the best I've seen in a game, will leave me thinking about its questions and ideas for a long time. Incredible atmosphere and sound design, Frictional know what they're doing!"
,Recommended,282140,29936038,Posted: 14 February,all,Moriarty,"Would highly recommend this game.You do not do any real fighting in this game, its more about avoidance and progressing in your journey.This game certainly has its scares, but its meant to be more atmospherically creepy than anything.  The fact that one of the main bad guys can not truly be looked at directly is an interesting twist.  The longer you look, the faster it finds you.The story of the game was one of the highlights for me, as its intriguing and keeps you hooked and asking questions.Graphically the game looks pretty great, espeically the effects as you get deeper in the ocean."
76561198119142305,Recommended,282140,29953618,Posted: 15 February,all,jmaunsell,What an amazing and fantastic journey.  Not to mention scary !!!!!. Really makes you think about life as we know it.
,Recommended,282140,29831612,Posted: 10 February,all,Teabag Tyrant,"Amazing. What an amazing game. I don't even know where to start. The storyline is outstanding and very in-depth with absolutely no plot holes. Character development is great. The ambience and immersion are perfect. This game doesn't rely on cheap jump-scares (the worst of all scares). It relies on sounds, music, positioning and story. Terrific game. It gives you just the right amount of anxiety and a surplus of wanting to continue. Hands down the best horror game I've ever played. Well done, guys. Such an amazing product. I can't wait to play this years later."
,Recommended,282140,29830399,Posted: 10 February,all,Danke Shoot!,"After fixed Fatal error with interesting solution;-> started game-> game can not recorded with full screen-> so i had to run it in windowed mode because of amd radeon relive-> i had no idea what i am involved in.-> saw crouch button-> my volume suddenly down with that warning-> i got hit by robot-> 5 min later, closed game because i fixed part of omni tool which i acquired from somewhere.-> will fixed problem and leave the game as soon as possible again-> installed game without problem-> started game for if it is working or not-> approved it is working-> closed game-> few days later-> prepared for recording to my viewers-> clicked to start game-> got Fmod ERROR-> checked google for solution-> saw no one has right solution-> reinstalled audio drivers, gpu drivers-> nothing has worked-> i forgot still recording the desktop instead of game-> i got furios-> awkward behaviors on camera-> everyone laughs at it-> after 2 hours i realized i was recording-> didn't find solution-> i will record gameplay again"
,Recommended,282140,29809157,Posted: 9 February,all,Finbom,"Amazing!!! First time ever that I find my self actually hiding behind a rock and beinf afraid of moving... moments when I sit and stare into the wall in a dark corner, afraid of turning around so the ""monster"" will see me...Wonderfull. I never believed I could get this kind afraid and still hooked of a game. The story advances making everything move forward in ways I never can expect.And in the end.. OMG.. I wanted more. And the end really mixed up my feelings.I do envy people who will have a chance to play this for the first time."
76561197980072367,Recommended,282140,29808527,Posted: 9 February,all,Jorda320,Fantastic horror game. Amazing narrative/story driven gameplay.
76561198001625116,Recommended,282140,29807638,Posted: 9 February,all,Immutable,"The game is as a deep as you are. Questioning your existence? Understand the flaws theoretical cloning? Watched ""I ROBOT"", thought about it? Can artificial intelligence truly protect us? Or is it gonna pertubate and distort the very meaning of word ""protect"" or was it us who didn't define the task clearly? The game action is in post-apocalyptic world while humanity is on the verge of extiction and we try to understand who we are along with the companion who deliberately or not avoids the reality and truth. Even the game ending will depend on your interpretation of what is happiness or sadness to you.What feelings will you have seeing a shaded hooded figure with lifeless expression yet alive, sitting peacefully in the chair , breathing steadily, yourself understanding that this is it, but that figure will know or never know - it is up to you to decide. There were no tears for myself, i knew that cruel reality sometimes is worse than void."
76561198060156830,Recommended,282140,29841372,Posted: 10 February,all,Realgigclin,"really great screen tearing simulatorIn all seriousness this is an amazing game.  I'm not big into horror games, mainly because i cant play them for more than 30 minutes without having to stop but this game had something that completely drove me to keep playing through all the horror: Its engaging and detailed story.  I was completely hooked to figure out what was going on, and the game seems to give you plot revelations every hour.The atmosphere in this game reminds me of bioshock, and is honestly better in a lot of ways.  You know an enemy is near by when your screen starts to tear and your heart starts beating.  It creates such a sense of dread.  And no amount of Vsync is gonna fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥  Not gonna lie, i bought this game because it reminded me of Dead space like claustrophobic areas, set in an underwater station, like bioshockI would highly recommend this game even if you dont play horror games, just push through it.  I was scared, but the story and atmosphere are completely worth it you wont regret it."
76561197970852139,Recommended,282140,29795635,Posted: 8 February,all,5finger,"Fantastic game!  Really, really good.  I could spend many paragraphs ranting about everything good about this game - visual design, story, graphics, atmosphere, gameplay, voice acting (particularlly Catherine)... basically EVERYTHING.  In fact, I'd be extremely hard pressed to come up with even the most trivial pointless criticism.  With the exception of...Many of the monsters.  I really would've liked to see them handled differently.  I appreciated the suspense they created and that was a key part of the game, but I still think it could've been more fun, or rewarding, or something, to bypass many of them.  (Some of ""them"" are fun, but I don't want to spoil anything by calling out the differences.)But it's still more than worth it.  I definitely see myself going through this again at some point in the future, and I never do that.  But probably with a 'no monsters' type mod.  For someone who hadn't played the game I'd still play it with the monsters for your first play through, but if you really don't like it to the point you're going to drop the game, then go the same route."
76561198003717953,Recommended,282140,29793078,Posted: 8 February,all,Fishtank,Great story.
,Recommended,282140,29347319,Posted: 18 January,all,flamesoff,Plot of this game simply f**ks with your mind. :)
,Recommended,282140,29351459,Posted: 18 January,all,Petrichor,10/10 would question existence and humanity again.  I can honestly say this game is one of the few games that I've ever played that I won't ever forget.
76561197971156629,Recommended,282140,31008705,Posted: 7 April,all,Jetboy55,"I believe this is the best game I have ever played that had no weapons or combat. It's probably in the top 30 games I have played period. What an amazing story, wold through very competent acting and narative. I would definately recommend to anyone looking for a change of pace from shooters."
76561198057902060,Recommended,282140,29348342,Posted: 18 January,all,wannabeer,"Game is really atmospheric and thrilling. Combination of graphics and sound is amazing. The game is absolutely worth any minute spent on it. The only thing that was seriously annoying, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""scary"" chases, especially the last one. 9/10."
,Recommended,282140,29863577,Posted: 11 February,all,David0vić,"This is my favourite game that frictional has made. I think Amnesia is a great game but the reason why I think Soma is better is simply because Soma has one of the best stories I’ve seen put in a video game. It has great characters, a lot of interesting concepts and ideas that I have not seen in a game and cool twists and turns throughout the story that keeps it interesting throughout and a great ending that sticks with you after you have completed the game. I found Soma to be on the same level with Amnesia in terms how scary the game is, I don’t think Amnesia is scarier, they both succeed with what they try to achieve with the horror equally. Both games have amazing atmosphere and a good feeling of dread and discomfort but they both never really truly manage to make me really scared. The reason why Soma gets a pass in that regard however is because the horror was not the focus, it’s sprinkled throughout the game here and there. Soma has a higher budget than Penumbra and Amnesia and it shows with the environments, the detail and the set pieces. The gameplay and structure has similarities to Amnesia, there are going to be sections where you are running from the enemy and other sections where you are trying to find your way past the enemy etc. There is much less focus on puzzles which I am fine with. It’s a much more streamlined and linear game compared to Penumbra and Amnesia which can be seen as both a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it. Again the highlight of the game is the actual story and that is what makes it worth playing above everything else.9/10 (Amazing)"
76561197980865604,Recommended,282140,29853889,Posted: 11 February,all,subtlnirvana,Good stuff. It'' ll get ya think for sure.
76561198200595727,Recommended,282140,29836770,Posted: 10 February,all,Tsundere Faggot,"Dumped an odd 72 hours into this game, and I don't regret a single moment of it. The soundtrack and world is beautiful, and is timed all so well that it makes the encounters with enemies all the more frightful, as the soundtrack causes your nerves to go haywire."
,Recommended,282140,29818110,Posted: 9 February,all,JarethCohen,"After several years of favoring one game as the best, I fell in love with SOMA and it became my number one.Playing through, I liked to listen to every audioclip and read every article/note etc. as carefully as possible. It becomes so immersive.It has absolutely broken my heart on so many occasions after finishing it, realizing later what consequences followed the actions I had chosen.Guilt tripped myself enough to play a second time and fix the wrongs that could be changed. I love it's storyline and heartbreaking isolation.Hit me right in my heart."
,Recommended,282140,29885016,Posted: 12 February,all,IncredbleGermy,"It's traveling within yourself, answering controversial questions and reflecting on ethical issues. It is a great journey that I recommend to anyone who want something closer to a great reading than the usual game. The story is deep and the experience is deep and satisfying. Go on and experience it, it's great!"
76561198057828171,Recommended,282140,31262490,Posted: 20 April,all,CarnivorousVegan,Not the best horror gameplay but the story is absolutely amazing
,Recommended,282140,18347507,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Kappa CSGOnecro.com,"I have just finished playing SOMA and i can honestly say it is one of the best games i have played in a long time. The story line is actually pretty good if you take the time to explore the game (not rush it) and check the black boxes of the people that you come across. Initially i had a little problem with the fps, however about 15 minutes into playing it this seemed to level out and i didnt have a problem after that. Just note that with the ""monsters"" you need to have patience as if you dont it can get a little bit annoying trying to pass certain areas, but you will eventually figure out what play style works best for you. Highly reccommend playing this game though"
,Recommended,282140,31326846,Posted: 23 April,all,digibluez,Feel bad for spoiling the game for me before playing... its that good. Kind of slow paced exploration with bits of hiding. Has a nice story.
,Recommended,282140,25617247,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,leechmonger,Good Game monster bits can feel a bit forced but Good game
76561197964094851,Recommended,282140,31329258,Posted: 23 April,all,Gaara,"I normally not play horror games but i took the chance with this game because i love underwater settings in games. I am glad i did get the game, i just finished it and i loved it.The only negative i have to say about the game is i had to spend like 30min on google to get the game working, it turned out Steam did not install Visual Studio C++ 2010 that this game need. I have Win 10  and it was not included there. I almost made refund. Was very frustrating 30min but once the game started and i could play i forgot about it.I would rate the game itself 5/5But Steam installation 1/5 :PThank you google for let me play this game:P"
76561198007443236,Recommended,282140,31335224,Posted: 24 April,all,Daveasaurus,"A few recommendations before you play this game.DON""T play exclusively at nightDON'T play with a headsetDON'T play alone. It's Dangerous to go alone!DON'T buy this game for friends. They will not be your friend anymore.I made the mistake of committing all of the above and now I cannot sleep at night.Terrifying!"
76561198201385403,Recommended,282140,31335373,Posted: 24 April,all,An Angry Pineapple,"This game is perfection. The dark tones, feelings of constant lonliness, and well paced narrative are what make this game so compelling. The subject matter is interesting and throught provoking. The world that Frictional Games weaved is different than anything I've ever seen.Very much reccomend this game.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,31335383,Posted: 24 April,all,Gnarslogge,"Truly a masterpiece.  Loved every second exceptthat annoying as ♥♥♥♥ fish thing.  If you haven't played this game yet, play it as soon as you can."
76561197996157117,Recommended,282140,31325424,Posted: 23 April,all,Corvus,"Despair Simulator 2015 - excellent foray into existential crises, moral dilemmas, and science fiction horror."
76561198119809165,Recommended,282140,31161978,Posted: 15 April,all,StoattheBaw,"Some are born to sweet delight,Some are born to endless night.10/10"
,Recommended,282140,31209012,Posted: 17 April,all,E-Bizness,I don't know why I do this to myself.
,Recommended,282140,30366509,Posted: 6 March,all,Silly Pants McNanner Hands,"Genuinly one of the most thought provoking and morally confusing games of all time. Every second in this world you question your morality and you will question your existance, and it will make you have a different outlook on life. A must have. Also♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants because of scary."
,Recommended,282140,31204575,Posted: 17 April,all,Tribe of Travis,"TL;DR at bottom""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away""_____________________________________________SOMA isn't really a horror game, rather a eerie narrative story game.This game poses big philosophical questions. Who are we? What makes us what we are? What does it mean to be human?STORY:The story in this game is fantastic; a very well written and captivating experience that is emotionally moving. Not only will the story be emotional, but it will also bring up big philosophical question on existence and reality in which is executed perfectly in the game. A very memorable story that can be appreciated for yearsGAMEPLAY:The gameplay keeps you constantly engaged within the world as you explore Pathos-II and its multiple research sites. There are no loading screens in the game which I personally like as it doesn't suddenly break you from the game. It saves at checkpoints and you can return later if you want.The environments in this game are very detailed and well-designed. The monsters are creepy however after a while they become more of a hassle as avoiding them is tedious. There is a mod however that doesn't necessarily remove the monsters, but rather makes them unable to attack which in its own way adds a whole new eerie setting as the monsters shuffle alone down dark corridors, looking at you strangely.GRAPHICS:The graphics in this game are beautiful. I loved taking screenshots throughout the game and looking at the beautiful scenery that was present everywhere in the game. This game has some of the best graphics I have seen in games.CONTROLS:The controls are fluid and handle quite well. They don't feel clunky or jagged at all and the controls are very easy to learn.STABILITY:The game while it may seem to slow down when saving a checkpoint will run smoothly after a couple seconds and runs very well for a game with such great graphics and no loading screens.OVERALL (TL;DR):This game is a gem in which is a great experience. The story is amazing and memorable while asking big philosophical questions. The gameplay is engaging and will keep you captivated in the well-designed environments. Some of the best graphics I have personally seen ever can be found in this game as it is definitely on par with today's standards. The controls are fluid and handle very well; they are quite easy to learn. The stability in this game is overall great and well optimized for a game with amazing graphics and no loading screens. A must-buy personally."
,Recommended,282140,30317220,Posted: 4 March,all,Viridian,"I started playing SOMA very apprehensively, thinking it was going to be another horror game like Outlast, and I don't much like horror games. I get scared watching  even the tamest of horror movies. So naturally, when the game started I was being extremely cautious with my every movement, jumping at the slightest noise and cowering in virtual corners for minutes on end.But the setting, the preamble, it just forced me to continue. And I powered through the various levels, defeating my fears of jumpscares and realising more and more that the game wasn't as scary as I thought to begin with. The deeper I delved into the story, the less frightened I became and my fear was replaced fully with excitement, curiosity and eagerness to find out more.""Horror"" games often seem to lack a good story, instead focusing on gameplay to mortify the players, but the horror aspect of SOMA was rather complimenting the story. And the story is superb. You can go into varying levels of detail, chosing to either just plough through the basic line of events or reading every single file and note along the way, trying to find out all of the backstory. In any case, there are quite a few twists and turns I wasn't expecting.The end of the game left me thinking about it for quite some time. It was not an ending I anticipated, not an ending I had hoped for, but it was an ending to remember.Visually this game is beautiful in its own right. It paints a scene of devastation, of struggle, of the end, hopelessness and of futility. Especially the unterwater parts of this world are incredibly immersive and detailled; the atmosphere as a whole is on point. The visuals are complemented by excellent sound effects and a subtle soundtrack that deepens the various feelings of dread, loss and misery to make this whole experience even more enticing.Overall, this game is a wild ride from start to finish but definitely a ride you should try out."
,Recommended,282140,28688380,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kosm,Is this even real life? 9.5/10
76561197982544458,Recommended,282140,31211653,Posted: 17 April,all,BlessMyBurrito,"This game was absolutely amazing. The atmosphere was incredible, and very creepy. I also enjoyed that the creators didn't feel the need to hold the players hand in unraveling the puzzles. In particular, many of the puzzles and information is given through computer terminals. The game doesn't assume the player is an idiot, and let's the player fumble around on many of the computers to figure out the larger context of the game. Very well done."
,Recommended,282140,31205225,Posted: 17 April,all,danielocdh,"The game story seems really interesting but I become lost or without knowing what to do next for like 40% of the gameplay time(might be more), maybe I'm a bit slow haha. It's a bit frustrating but I still want to keep playing."
76561198055196636,Recommended,282140,31212324,Posted: 17 April,all,Reyn,Best game of its genre.
,Recommended,282140,32230723,Posted: 6 June,all,skeeterdav2002,This was one of the best games I've played! Great job Fictional. Let's do it again :)
76561198025058023,Recommended,282140,32240110,Posted: 7 June,all,Amany-wishes,I loved playing this game and have fun play itThe game is not very scary but have amazing and interested back-storyI really like the fact the game didn't have combat as I found that  refreshing
76561198042656250,Recommended,282140,32246714,Posted: 7 June,all,Your Innocence,"SOMA is like a good mix of Amnesia/Outlast and pseudo-Socrates philosophy. I'm still not finished with the game but I have to take breaks between playthroughs because I, ironically, have a phobia of large bodies of water. The game runs pretty smooth and the graphics are top shelf; not much gameplay but the atmosphere, ambience and sound design are great too. I'd recommend this to any psychology/philosophy/scary stuff enthusiast, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,282140,32258231,Posted: 7 June,all,黒鉄,3 spooky 5 me.
76561198062162307,Recommended,282140,32235695,Posted: 7 June,all,Xelent,THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAME OF ALL TIME!STORY++++GRAPHICS ++++SCARY +++++++
,Recommended,282140,32229665,Posted: 6 June,all,Killer101,"I played a lot of this offline, thus my low play time.One of the best single play games I have ever finished. This game has the fear/scares/heart felt choices as well as a level of humanity within the story.Story is good and the graphics are awesome. A must play for those who enjoy scary games along with incredible atmosphere. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,282140,32229037,Posted: 6 June,all,-{CLXE}- InaniaEtVana,"Excellent game. Not as scary as Amnesia, but with a better storyline."
76561198246702268,Recommended,282140,32231670,Posted: 6 June,all,Crabhammer4,"A very thought-provocing sci-fi game.The atmosphere and pacing is excellent, and is supported by some quality voice acting.While this is a story-centric game, there are some puzzles to keep you thinking, and some cat-and-mouse monster sequences that keep the tension high. There are some slight annoyances with monster encounters and finding the right area to progress, but they are pretty minor, and definitely shouldn't keep you from experiencing the fantastic story being told here. Some decisions you have to make, along with the final outcome will leave you thinking long after you complete the game.A must play."
,Recommended,282140,32236439,Posted: 7 June,all,mbohun,10/10; like the atmosphere.
76561198024922437,Recommended,282140,32148527,Posted: 3 June,all,Santa,"FInished the game last night and still enjoying thinking about what I experienced in my 10 hours of playthough. I have to say I did not expect it to be that good.  I must of started up the initial apartment scene like 10 times thinking this game is crap, but I'm glad I finally made it past that and gave it a chance.My only 3 ""complaints"" were the running/hiding from the monsters was not scary after doing it so many times, just frustrating.  They just did it too many times.  Also what is the point of letting you survive once before dying if you have to limp around in slow motion with the screen blotted out?   I found myself just running up to the monster to have him kill me a second time so I can start over at full health rather than put up with that.Also the voice actor of the main character was in my opinion not good and didn't fit the mood.   I don't know if it was the direction they gave him, or it was just him, but it was too much ""Dude-Bro"" over acting that brought me out of the scene.And finally the controls on the controller were just off.  After 10 hours I would still be jumping up in the air instead of opening a drawer or using a computer screen - just an odd scheme they picked to use.But in summary I'm glad I stuck it out and saw the ending.  It was just starting to drag a bit so I'm glad they wrapped it up and ended it when they did."
76561197972338527,Recommended,282140,32161014,Posted: 3 June,all,suk.pavel,"Excellent story, I also love the graphics & sound. The whole game is very atmospheric, heavy and depressing. I played that almost whole day."
,Recommended,282140,32099744,Posted: 31 May,all,Raaga,"This game is a hidden gem. Nothing I can say about it that hasn't been already. It's worth every praise, and the part about monsters is true, but it can be remedied with the mod. If you are considering playing it, I promise you will not be disappointed. But if you are not into horror, then I recommend watching the gameplay by a sane youtuber who gives the game the attention it deserves. Its unparalleled story, heartrending dialogues are of a kind that stay with you for weeks, months afterwards."
76561198011562391,Recommended,282140,32171517,Posted: 4 June,all,scandic,good game
,Recommended,282140,32224738,Posted: 6 June,all,Geralt of Rivia,"Soma is the most recent installment from horror giants Frictional Games. Rocketed into success with arguably one of the scariest games of all time, Amnesia: The Dark Descent, Soma is a wonderful follow up. With better graphics, more voiced dialogue, and convincing characters, Soma does a lot of things right. The scares are there, and most are truly intense moments instead of cheap jump scares.My only gripe with Soma is that a few instances require rigorous trial and error, which in the end leads to little to no scare factor. I only had two moments like this, but both were frustrating and made the ""obstacles"" I had to avoid annoying instead of scary.The teleporting monster became stuck in a room right before the engine room on the CURIE. While this was in fact a glitch it required me to keep attempting to run right by it.The face-hugger monster with tentacles for a beard is a tough section of the game. While I understand it is supposed to be hard, for some reason this section required numerous trial and error for me to complete, which kinda ruined the cool monster design and scare factor.Overall Soma is dripping with atmosphere much like its precursor. A solid interesting story line, as well as a believable main character along with a fantastic side character really bring it all together. A must buy for anyone who loves this genre."
76561198028005562,Recommended,282140,32205088,Posted: 5 June,all,Zergling50,"A deeply provoking story that makes you consider things you may never have considered before. The game is not only suspenseful and scary, but is engaging and really gets you attatched to the characters. It also challenges your views on what's right and what's wrong. Prepare for an amazing adventure into the darkness."
76561198026458229,Recommended,282140,32224844,Posted: 6 June,all,Hex,Best game I've ever played. period.
,Recommended,282140,32296623,Posted: 9 June,all,woosh,The WAU reminds me of myself... desperately keeping brain dead things that want to die alive.10/10
76561198032042421,Recommended,282140,32283006,Posted: 8 June,all,Laika408,"Definitely worth it if you're into story-driven games and environmental exploration to dig up lore. Best played without much knowledge about the plot, since the gameplay can be tedious when you're hiding from monsters you can't look at. I found it to be tense at times, mostly secondary to solid audio design. A couple jump scares, (which I don't like,) but they were effective and I was able to get through it."
76561198360348885,Recommended,282140,32278019,Posted: 8 June,all,Kharon5500,"at the start i tought ""well this plot is a so predictable"" but then it become so complex and interesting that i just  love this game..."
,Recommended,282140,31269200,Posted: 20 April,all,Mister Sir,"THIS GAME!You could sit there reading reviews of this game to help you decide if you wanna get it or not. JUST GET IT! You will not be dissapointed. This is from the creators of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, so those of you who've played that, you know this is gonna be good. And it's so beyond just good!- Great immersive story- Phenomenal script and voice acting- Very similar to Amnesia in gameplayThis game has what I like to call FEELS. It makes you feel so hard, and genuinely too because the two central characters really bring this game alive and makes every terrifying, sad, creepy, funny, or heartfelt moment feel real.I could honestly go on and on and keep sucking this game's d1ck. And it's such a good d1ck, I'm gonna put it in my mouth again later. But I honestly think the best way for YOU to experience this game is by going into it knowing next to nothing about it. And I say ""experience"" because this game is an experience that will leave you with that unique feeling you get when you find that rare gem of a game that leaves you thinking about it for days when you finally finish it.This is a game about what it truly means to be human and I seriously hope you get that great feeling just like I did.GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,282140,30477772,Posted: 12 March,all,Anton - Viversion,"I didn't enjoy Amnesia so i skipped SOMA on its original release date. Two years later I finally went for it. I've never been so angry at myself for waiting so long.SOMA is a once in a lifetime experience that makes you think about it for a long time. The atmosphere is so well refined I cannot name a single game that's given me these kind of vibes.You don't play SOMA, you experience SOMA. That's the difference between this and the rest of the games.One of my favourite games of all time. Buy it now and thank me later."
76561198375842503,Recommended,282140,31353107,Posted: 25 April,all,The Gray Eminence,"Totally awesome game. It took the standard linear narrative first person ""Shoot and blow up s#%t"" format and took it to the other extreme. There's not a single gun or explosive in this game, yet it was every bit as fun as something like ""Dead Space"". Very different, very enjoyable."
,Recommended,282140,31381232,Posted: 26 April,all,You_Silly_Humans,"Amazing story. Purchased it because I was a big fan of bioshock and under the deep sea style of horror. Although this was its own game, it didn't try to be something else, it felt like a very beautiful and unqiue storyline.If I had to throw around brand names ( which feels like a sin considering how unqiue and awesome this game was ) I would have to say it felt like a mix of Bioshock, Silent Hill, Amnesia, at times Dead Space..Regardless, it was one of the best indie games ( story wise ) that I have played in a long time."
76561198029845108,Recommended,282140,31394352,Posted: 27 April,all,ESonix,"Wow, yes...!"
76561197971695099,Recommended,282140,31398122,Posted: 27 April,all,exodus,Do not play this game if you ever plan to use a teleporter in future. This game will make you think very hard what it means to exist.
,Recommended,282140,31397856,Posted: 27 April,all,Mezza2000,Pretty bloody good.
76561198007562971,Recommended,282140,31395545,Posted: 27 April,all,AzureShadow,"I won't spoil anything for you but this game is amazing. Here are a few key points that define the game for me:- Immersive Graphics and Sound- Immersive Puzzlesolving- Some horror elements- Involved story with a few choices to impact the world- Thought provoking untill the endNow to elaborate on these points.Graphics and sound are good and are used effectively. Setting keeps mostly the same but wouldn't make sense to stray. Not much else to say.The puzzlesolving is not that complex but the game doesnt hold your hand at all so you have to rely on your memory and wit instead of your hud, journal or quest markers.There is certainly horror involved along with loads of dark gloomy corridors but it's not what the game is about and is far from the intensity of games like Amnesia or Outlast.The game involves you by making you find a lot of the side story, when you find a bit of lost dialog it is really interesting to hear/read. One of the few games where I didn't mind reading stuff like emails or reports written down to find out what actually happened.The core of the game is to make you think, I will not comment on the subject find out yourself. This keeps up through the game."
76561198257153331,Recommended,282140,31402201,Posted: 27 April,all,gabefigueroa59,Very great atmospheric game! I should note that if youre are a big fan of the amnesia game that this game was developed by the same team. It has that very creepy futuristic vibe almost similar to Alien Isolation. The legnth of the game was perfect to my liking and i highly recommend this game. Overall i would rate this game 8/10 due to some minor lagging even with a gtx 960 graphics card.
76561198371406966,Recommended,282140,31405281,Posted: 27 April,all,cainblake4,"An oustanding game, highly recommended. Unique atmosphere"
76561198101338342,Recommended,282140,31402349,Posted: 27 April,all,Raw,Definitely one of the cleverly written and touching story lines I have ever experienced.
76561198120120855,Recommended,282140,31420469,Posted: 28 April,all,Aki秋,"The sequel of Annesia was a mistake and i hate it, but i forgive you with this."
76561198022421785,Recommended,282140,31423270,Posted: 28 April,all,ShagWagon,"Only con is framerate drop when other areas load. The reason I hate this is because I get fully immersed in this BEAUTIFUL game, until the framerate drop. However, it is a very minor flaw to this masterpiece."
76561198112579466,Recommended,282140,31420161,Posted: 28 April,all,^4[L^7MA^1O]^7Bloody_^8Panda,"Did youlike the Abyss movie ? Did you like Penumbra and Amnesia ? Aien isolation is a pieve of cake ? Well, darkness my old friend, do not hesitate more, put SOMA in the cart and start your journey in one of the most insane, terrifying and psychologically oppressive game of these last years ! And yes, the STEAM community can guarantee it !You are Simon Jerrett,a young Canadian man who suffered a huge car accident. You survived but your brain sill suffer some injuries. You are contacted by a doctor for a brand new experiment that will relief you a little bit from the pain... And then start your journey through hell !SOMA in the same way as Penumbra and Amnesia purely relies on the use of atmosphere , ambiance and ""limited"" gameplay to drive you to the borders of insanity, fear and anguish... And even beyond ! Solve puzzles, run, hide... But forget about killing... You cannot kill... And YOU will get killed !Sounds and graphics are just a pure diamond to hear and see and can only improve your gaming experience for such a nice piece of work by Firctional Games who clearly became masters in the art of creating psychological oppressive games as mentionned above !Just BUY it !"
76561198144555330,Recommended,282140,31412096,Posted: 28 April,all,BrokenPhilosophy,This game has a great storyline and the story ended up being completely unexpected. I loved it the whole way through. The whole game seemed like an adventure to me even if It was linear. These days that is hard to pull it off and SOMA pulled it off with style.If you don't like sad endings don't get the game.I'n my opinion it wasn't all that sad.Otherwise It was a great game and I loved it.
,Recommended,282140,31405962,Posted: 27 April,all,Taberman,Another impressive survivor horror entry from Frictional.  Smart and scary science fiction.  9/10.
76561198088822167,Recommended,282140,31401282,Posted: 27 April,all,ylyon84,"Amazing game. I loved the art style, the awesome plot and also the pace. It's not ""excessively"" horror but it makes the players reflect on the topics the plot touches. One of the best games I've played lately."
76561198061720327,Recommended,282140,31413149,Posted: 28 April,all,The Prince Of Madness,"I came into this game expecting a generic ""Run And Hide"" type horror game, and ended up with an existential crisis.10/10, would play again."
76561198019970955,Recommended,282140,31591990,Posted: 6 May,all,Elric,"Terrific, intelligent game, with beautiful environments, great atmosphere, fantastic plot, refreshing puzzles and a powerful ending."
76561197999607039,Recommended,282140,31591756,Posted: 6 May,all,raferaf,Awesome game! Not a run n' gun type of game but a great edge of the seat exploration and problem solving kind of story.
76561198152426004,Recommended,282140,32279239,Posted: 8 June,all,Salondor,"God this game is awesome, while it wasnt really scary, I dont think that matters. It was creepy, it was gripping, and it made me question the basis of my existence and the nature of conciousness.The monsters where cool and avoiding them was entertaining. Exploring the Pathos-II facility was incredible and the ending was both sad and satisfying.This game made me face a horrible decision and if you play it you will know what im talking about. It took me about ten minutes to finally decide i couldnt do it.I really need to find more games like this with exploration, a creepy atmosphere, a gripping story, and questions on existence.The main character was someone i enjoyed playing as, I felt like he was me with a different name and voice. He reacted to events the way I would."
,Recommended,282140,32342301,Posted: 11 June,all,Spacebug,"Best story from anything I've played, great at everything else. Leaves you unnerved and captivated. Uses horror without the need for jumpscares."
,Recommended,282140,32355435,Posted: 11 June,all,minimalistpolygeek,Very good psychological thriller :)
,Recommended,282140,32355254,Posted: 11 June,all,SCP-027-02,An Instant Classic!
76561198001565857,Recommended,282140,32363964,Posted: 12 June,all,SleepingGiant,"The best scifi/horror confronts us with a universe beyond our moral and intellectual comprehension. It questions what it means to be human in that world while making us dread the answers.SOMA achieves this while perfecting pretty much every other shade of fear, from existential angst, claustrophobia, depersonalisation, to pure panic. It sets its nightmare scenario, and its unresolvable philosophical paradoxes, in a fascinatingly detailed and convincing sci-fi future.Something as basic as the vast, unknown emptiness of space can be a deep source for fear, something the Alien films tap into, and SOMA does something similar with the ocean depths. There are incredible sequences here crossing the ocean floor that reminded me of the first Alien movie and that trip to the derelict. I found these slower sections intensely ominous and all more effective for their minimalism. One late sequence rivalled anything I’ve experienced in any game for atmosphere.The gameplay of SOMA is a lot like Frictional’s Amnesia, although I prefer SOMA’s pacing, with narrative and puzzle sections offering some respite from the terror. Overall, although it’s a different style of game, I was mostly reminded of the classic System Shock 2: the idiosyncratic, horrifying enemies that evoke pity and revulsion as well as fear; the tense atmosphere and feeling of being totally alone in this hostile universe; and the well-written, well-acted plot, which confronts you with a frightening non-human intelligence.Great story, terrifying enemies, and incredible atmosphere. And, as in the best scifi/horror, the fear is existential as well as visceral, and may leave you troubled by it, and still thinking about it, for a long time afterwards."
76561197960977096,Recommended,282140,32364010,Posted: 12 June,all,RoboX,Had to stop playing for a while. Cant sleep.
76561198101753539,Recommended,282140,32323733,Posted: 10 June,all,Ek0ran,Feels/10Now copy / paste ain't ordinary anymore
76561198149747443,Recommended,282140,32329702,Posted: 10 June,all,ShagaShagaShu,"Boring puzzles, scary at times, but it is bloody immersive and has an absolutely amazing story."
,Recommended,282140,32330647,Posted: 10 June,all,mclark,"Thought provoking with puzzles, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,282140,32328924,Posted: 10 June,all,Lizzie B,"Holy crap this game is so good.Not only is this game gonna scare you s***less, it's also gonna make you think and wrestle with questions you were NOT prepared to deal with and even when it's over it just STAYS WITH YOU as you enjoy your existential crisis. I played this on Twitch and watching the kind of conversation it sparked in my community alone was worth the price of admission.Can't wait to see what Frictional Games comes up with next."
76561198040605920,Recommended,282140,32304742,Posted: 9 June,all,Lightsider,Great atmosphere combined with a surprisingly well told and deep story.(don't let my playtime confuse you. I had to play the no_steam version because the steam version wouldn't read my savefiles for some reason)
76561198058371460,Recommended,282140,33047898,Posted: 30 June,all,cATARIina83,"What an gaming experience. Phew and I am glad it's over!I do recommend this game (only) if you love horror - adventure - survival - scifi.If you're highly claustrofobic, I would consider again.."
76561198000326220,Recommended,282140,33028224,Posted: 30 June,all,Lysamus,"You'll fear falling asleep again.Pros: Top notch atmosphere. Good dialogue and interesting characters. Organic decision driven moments. Sticks with you after you're done playing and may prompt some interesting discussions.Cons: Different levels don't distinguish themselves from one another. Puzzles don't incorproate the setting, instead utilizing more traditional brain teasers. The ending will not surprise you. Stealth segments get tedious (especially closer to the end of the game). Not so much horrifying as oppressive.Would recommend to: Fans of the Shock series (System Shock, Bioshock, etc). Fans of Amensia. Players looking for an 8 hour dive into a dark discussion of the human experience."
,Recommended,282140,33023560,Posted: 29 June,all,crusty saber,"great story with awesome atmosphere, please pruchase with diapers for the best expereience!"
,Recommended,282140,33007576,Posted: 29 June,all,HEY IT'S HALLOWEEN,Simon: Something wants us to come inside...Catherine: And we want to go inside. What's the problem?---Catherine you absolute DUNCE this is a HORROR GAME
,Recommended,282140,33060875,Posted: 30 June,all,Seren,You can buy PTSD for a bargin of £22.99.What a deal!
76561197981452026,Recommended,282140,33087974,Posted: 1 July,all,SkyDaddy,awesome. even you dont like suspense/horror awesome story so far. put on your big boy pants and get this now while on sale.
76561198066296707,Recommended,282140,33084555,Posted: 1 July,all,Spud 夢想家,best story everr ! you must play
76561198037970016,Recommended,282140,33073524,Posted: 1 July,all,chosenbeast,Best Game ever with immerive story line and gameplay. THE ENDING THOUGH
,Recommended,282140,33077696,Posted: 1 July,all,ESL.Kalisdar,"This game has some of the best Atmosphere I have ever experienced.One moment you are terrified, you scream, you run, you hide, you overcome and you get a moments respite to solve some interesting puzzles that makes you forget how terrified you were and how terrified you will be in a moment.Doesn't matter how scary the game gets, the story is so good that you HAVE to keep going and when you finally reach the end you are rewarded big time and as you see the familiar menu after enduring hell you sit in complete euphorism about what just happened.Are you real? What is real?"
,Recommended,282140,33443025,Posted: 10 July,all,Dark Blue Monkey,"SOMA has to be the scariest thing I've ever played, bar none. It's hard to write a review without giving too much away, but here goes...I knew this game was meant to be scary.  I played through Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and while it was a bit scary, I didn't find it *that* scary.   So, I decided to play SOMA the way the developers intended: I donned a pair of 5.1 surround headphones, turned the lights off, waited till after dark and settled in... and about 20 minutes later was in the kitchen clutching a cup of tea wondering if I could somehow turn the PC off more easily by pulling the main fuse to the house, rather than go back in the room....The story starts mildly... You're Simon Jarrett, a poor schmo who's had a bad accident and needs to undergo some surgery to fix a brain problem. Getting to grips with looking and movement, you can explore your apartment, to reveal the story of what's been going on.  You can pick things up like photos and papers to look at. Cupboards can be opened, and things can be thrown... The physics is very good, and it acts as a good introduction to the UI....  So you head off for your meeting with the doc about that head wound, but something seems to go wrong... Simon wakes up in a deep underwater station, alone, and needing some damned answers..... Except,  he's not as alone as he thought... There are .. things... which don't want him to find out what's going on... Is it real? or is it a hallucination caused by his malfunctioning brain?Most games have a ""Hello, welcome to Pathos II, it's made up of...."".  Not SOMA. that would be far too mundane, and might even make you feel comforable. SOMA wants you off-kilter.. Oh yes, you'll have to make sure you've had your weetabix, because you have to work out what's going on yourself.  There are no freebies in this game... All becomes clearer at the end, but in order to know what to do you need to be keeping track of the plot points....The station is divided up into areas, separated by a tram track, underwater cargo submersible (zeppelin), and of course traipsing across the bottom.  You come to in the farthest part of the station, and have to make your way past the 'heart' of the station to get to where you need to... At the outset, I was amazed at the beauty of the sea floor, and the wonderful vistas overlooking sunken wrecks., the amazingly well-rendered bulkheads, kelp and so on....  However, like all good films, by the end I was doing my level best to run for the airlock, /something/ hot on my heels, gnashing its teeth, while the wondrous scenery flies by unseen in my haste to escape death....I've heard people say that the game is too hard, and too scary.   I'd agree with the scary: you need a particularly strong nerve not to get freaked out sometimes, but hard? No.   Getting caught isn't always an insta-kill... and often getting caught can prove to be another way to get through an area (the game will move enemies a certain distance away when you 'come round').... but you can't do it too often... As I said.. no freebies ;)The sounds, the music and the atmosphere are 13 / 10.. Really, really good for what they're trying to achieve: Creepy as all hell.The graphics are simply amazing... Underwater, the floating bits, and fish, and other sealife are fantastic!   Standing on the edge of the abyss, looking back at the top of the cable-car station, with the encrusted railings fading into the blackness, I actually felt a strong sense of vertigo: I was standing over 3km of nothing! Very very impressive...The story has Pathos in spades.. It's not just the name of the station, but the whole premise around which SOMA revolves.   It swings you alternately back and forth between hope and hopelessness.  The conversations and voice acting are brilliant.   Simon says what I'm thinking, and the responses are informative, if not reassuring...The controls are very standard... WASD,Space,Shift, and anyone who's played an FPS will be able to get the hang of it in no time.Level design is simply superb.  Really REALLY well done. I'd say lavish, but I don't think that does it justice.  Opulent?  Well, that has connotations of being nice.... It just feels that the level designers spared absolutely no expense in making the environment as good as it could be.Lastly, the enemies.  Hoo boy, they really take the biscuit.  Each enemy type is different, and getting past them (there's no fighting here!) is an exercise in frustration if you don't take a little time to learn a bit more about them....I have to really really strongly recommend this game, although I know it's not for everyone. It's hard not to tell too much of the story, for fear of ruining it.  this game will scare you.  It also might make you a bit morose if you finish it.  But as a story, and the ethical questions it raises are second to none.  Bravo Frictional! Bravo!"
,Recommended,282140,33445136,Posted: 10 July,all,SineSwiper,"Highly creative story.  Explores moral dilemmas about consciousness and AI that no other game or movie has explored.  Calls into question your entire worldview.The gameplay is capable, even if a little weak at spots.  Still, this is a horror game for people who hate horror.  None of the tropes or jump scares that Hollywood has bludgeoned to death.  Hardly any enemy is used more than twice, so the gameplay doesn't feel detached from the story.It's best to go in blind with this game.  Don't read any more details and just play it!"
,Recommended,282140,33448624,Posted: 10 July,all,Frostilyte,"A must play if you like horror games that spend more time and effort on the environment and atmosphere than they do on anything else. I really enjoyed how eerie the game was as I slowly made my way through it. I also think the game was aided greatly by the inclusion of a narrative throughout as well as lore that helped to piece together the events leading up to the time when the player is going through the game. The one knock I would put against the game is the, at times, unnecessary inclusion of monsters in areas. In some instances it works great for both adding tension to exploration and for adding to the story of a particular area. At other times they interfere with exploration and are downright annoying to deal with or work around."
,Recommended,282140,33449407,Posted: 10 July,all,Kaelis,"Awesome story-telling game. The atmosphere is very well crafted with stunning visuals, good art direction and efficient sound-design sided by a smart soundtrack.The story is well-written and well paced, giving the player the want to progress and uncover the mysteries of Pathos-II and along the way question himself about much wider problematics.For anyone loving horror stories, deep sea environments and well crafted games in general, this one is a keeper. You can get around 8-9 hours of playing time out of it and it's a very good length for a game of that type. Machine for Pigs was clearly shorter for instance and Amneasia less well-paced imo."
76561198157677034,Recommended,282140,33466013,Posted: 11 July,all,hmparticle,This game is something else. The storyline is deep and interesting and there are a few jumpy bits too. Really worth it!
76561197990833450,Recommended,282140,33466990,Posted: 11 July,all,Orolyn,"Its extremely immersive, and scarey, but not silly jump scarey, nor Amnesia scarey.  This game is actually a pretty perfect blend of horror and story telling and at times it seriously makes you think."
76561198075249586,Recommended,282140,33468499,Posted: 11 July,all,ECSTASYxOFxGOLD,"Well, i'll keep it short.It was every single dollar worth!+ The graphic is nice+ Also the atmosphere is breathtaking+ The story is unique and you have to listen carefully to every single conversation+ This game makes you think about some things in life. (no♥♥♥♥♥♥ haha)- What i didn't like were the mechanics of NPCs... The ""evil-robots"" or even those weird dead bodies walking through the corridors were pretty much the same... All the time. You knew that it is easy to get through those levels. Sometimes i had a little bug, where i couldn't get through the level, because one of those scary things blocked the way and seriously, the thing didn't move from the door for like 3 or 4 minutes. I had to die, which wasn't something big but well, it annoyed somehow.So to be honest, i didn't expect a REAL good game. It had some jumpscares and they really got me.If you like games with some deep story behind, this is the perfect game for it! SOMA has a story which makes you think about your life, and the meaning of life. What's behind heaven, god, and hell... So, just give it a try. Trust me...This is a clear 8/10..."
76561198352414610,Recommended,282140,33469476,Posted: 11 July,all,hahahAHAHAHAHA,What the f*ck (very much recommended)
,Recommended,282140,33470283,Posted: 11 July,all,Aquatico,SOMA is a totally unique game. A fantastic story married with a perfectly chilling atmosphere and flawless voice acting. It'll make you question your morals. It's honestly the best single player game I have ever played. What a f**king brilliant game.10/10
,Recommended,282140,33470432,Posted: 11 July,all,Kyra Silver,"A really good story, haunting at times, lonely and slightly depressing.SOMA doesn't offer much, but what it does offer, it delivers rather well.Very relatable to The Talos Principle in way of story style and philosophy.Instead of a puzzle solving game, it's style is horror. Deep sea horror.A must play for anyone who wants a full on, immersive and thought provoking experience, however short.8.5/10"
76561198103596781,Recommended,282140,33474502,Posted: 12 July,all,hharzel,I can't believe I missed this game back in 2015. Damn Witcher!One of the best games I've ever experienced.
76561198022815840,Recommended,282140,33422938,Posted: 9 July,all,Flame,I liked it.... SOMAch
,Recommended,282140,33352623,Posted: 7 July,all,jonezie,"Start with a classic survival horror genre, then throw in a few fistfuls of twists, and add plotline that will have you questioning your own humanty -- whatever the hell THAT means -- and you can begin to appreciate the depth of gameplay that SOMA has achieved. Heh... ""Depth."""
,Recommended,282140,33036363,Posted: 30 June,all,Banjoof,Pros-Exelent story-Immersive atmosphere-interesting moral choicesCons- some monsters stop being scary and can just be frustrating after a bitOverall I thoroughly enjoyed the game well worth the purchase
,Recommended,282140,19914629,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,KuroKawa,GOTY 2015
,Recommended,282140,33122053,Posted: 2 July,all,elcmaeed5,A true horror game. Not just jumpscares.
76561198280352696,Recommended,282140,33150857,Posted: 2 July,all,Clark Watson,One of the best horror/open world games of all time.
76561198038396793,Recommended,282140,33065856,Posted: 30 June,all,Mokkingbird,Just play the game....  I just finished it.  I need to take a walk outside and question the meaning of existence
76561198055363810,Recommended,282140,33064311,Posted: 30 June,all,Sepp.Berg,"Of all the video games I have played in the last 20 years, Soma has by far the best story. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,33021473,Posted: 29 June,all,Psycho Mantis,The bottom of the ocean is scary.
76561198139496768,Recommended,282140,33057972,Posted: 30 June,all,jeggelaar,A gem.I will be thinking about the story for a long time to come.
,Recommended,282140,33059736,Posted: 30 June,all,aymon,"Frankly the enemies in this game are extremely annoying, not frightening. You find yourself annoyed at being dead. You already get turned around so much in the levels in this game, for them to just have monsters running around that kill you dead instantly, you end up walking around the same places over and over and dying when all you want is to progress to the next part of the story. Story and puzzles are nerdy and good. Also bug where exitted and saved the game only to not be able to move when I reopened the save, so never got to complete it."
,Recommended,282140,33063198,Posted: 30 June,all,BenEvolent,"Great stuff. Good elements of horror, spectacular setting and atmosphere, good story."
,Recommended,282140,33193775,Posted: 3 July,all,Engeri,"Let there be no doubt, SOMA is a rollercoaster like no other. The game will hit you with some massive dissapointments, and then amazing feelings of success and acomplishment. SOMA is undoubtedly a story driven game, and should be played thereafter. The start of SOMA can be a bit slow, and might demotivate you. But keep going!This is one of the few games that have gotten me thinking about ethical questions and the moral that drives us. This game tells an amazing stories, asks some mind twisting questions and gives shocking answers. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,33206889,Posted: 3 July,all,PhoenixDIE,Great game. Doesnt take to long to beat. Scary as all hell. Find yourself wanting to see more and get farther in the story.Everyone who likes a good horror game should play this at least once. It could be reality some day! ahahah
,Recommended,282140,33228876,Posted: 4 July,all,Quiteblank,"This game is fantastic. I'm not a fan of the horror-y bits, but highly recommend it based on the story alone. You'll definitely want to immerse yourself for this one (dark room, no other distractions, etc)."
,Recommended,282140,33691877,Posted: 21 July,all,aNode,"One of the best stories I've ever seen from a horror game. Very thought provoking once the ending is reached, and makes one question about the meaning of life."
76561198263452568,Recommended,282140,33680554,Posted: 20 July,all,Void,"It's an amazing game containing the greatest story i've expierienced so far in video games.It has got some actual philosophical aspects confronting the player with existential questions as ""What does being human mean?"" for example. It has some chasing parts that (because of the great story) may be unnecessary, but it's not that you couldn't come through first try most of the times.Definately something you should try out, even if you don't like the horror genre!"
,Recommended,282140,33640067,Posted: 18 July,all,volatileFreak,"A truly brilliant game.This is one that had been on my wishlist for quite a while and I am so glad that I eventually picked it up as it is a great story told in a very engaging way. It is totally linear and all the better for it in my opinion. The story moves at just the right pace, engaging you and asking questions all the time. The graphics and physics are nice and weighty immersing you more in the story and the soundtrack fits perfectly.It's fairly short, weighing in at around 12 hours for my playthrough but felt like just right. There are some scares in there which add to the atmosphere but I wouldn't call it a horror game, although one part did make me properly yelp and made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up!If you are a fan of story-led games then do yourself a favour and pick up SOMA, you won't regret it."
76561198067939855,Recommended,282140,25992288,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Bleddyn23,It's spooky
,Recommended,282140,33556817,Posted: 15 July,all,Nebulous Idea,"This now stands as one of the best game I have ever played in my life. Stands up there with Half-Life, Dark Souls, and Spec Ops: The Line.I cannot recommend this enough to anyone and everyone. It isn't even a horror game, more of a thriller. Still, hands down a 10"
76561197980804917,Recommended,282140,33552700,Posted: 14 July,all,Nixy,Another wonderful frictional game...breath taking !if you loved amnesia you have to play this baby10/10
76561198024311750,Recommended,282140,33553717,Posted: 15 July,all,chadjcrase,"SOMA is an unforgettable experience and the positive reviews are justified. The gameplay is not the greatest but the puzzles do vary and although the graphics are fairly average, technically it's fine. The audio is very good, and distant creaks, rattles or footsteps add much to the tension. The stealth parts of the game would probably be the weakest point, as the enemies just seem to find you no matter what you do. This game was very scary at times and I found myself pushing on in the desparate hope of soon escaping to a new area. The atmosphere is generally oppressive, claustrophobic and extremely lonely, and the game does a great job of creating a believable post-apocalyptic environment.The story is one of the best I've found in a game and the overall package pushes it into a high level of artistic achievement. There are also a few moments in SOMA that would rank as some as the most emotional and memorable ever. I highly recommend buying this game, especially for sci-fi fans."
,Recommended,282140,33560229,Posted: 15 July,all,TheMazeGunner,"If you like the Amnesia and Penumbra series, you are going to like this as well!"
76561198294534624,Recommended,282140,33675029,Posted: 20 July,all,2cul5scul,"Nice game. A very interesting plot. (Haven't finished it yet).But some things feels off.It's similar to the ""slenderman"" and ""outlast"" kind of games- where you run, activate stuff to do more stuff and so on. But I don't think it's very fitting. I think perhaps if it was more of a puzzle game or even a fps kind of game would have fitted more. I personally kinda dislike these sort of games, where you NEED to run away all the time. But hey, if you're into that kind of things, or willing to suffer for the plot, have fun!"
76561198149567056,Recommended,282140,33661156,Posted: 19 July,all,bilas,"Nice singleplayer campaign,"
76561198209022088,Recommended,282140,33759563,Posted: 23 July,all,Snort,"This game was amazingly put together by the creators of Amnesia the Dark Descent. Horror/Atmospheric/Psychological Horror/ sci-fi/ and more. I use the mac and it surprisingly worked really well for it besides other types of games, the graphics the sounds, the movements the animations were all done really well in this, especially the voice acting, mainly between Catherine and Simon. I believe a lot of people would enjoy this, even those who hate horror, especially because of how tragic and sad this can be. But all in all this game was amazing, and was made well. So, highly recommended."
,Recommended,282140,33738329,Posted: 23 July,all,Radioactive_Rabbit,I  have nothing to say.Best game i have ever seen.Play this...
76561198000365721,Recommended,282140,33755878,Posted: 23 July,all,Winden,"SOMA is the most mind bending and sadness inducing game I've ever played. You'll have so much to think about when it's over. I felt weird and empty days after the ending and I could'nt stop thinking about it all. I keep feeling so sorry for all the poor souls trapped in this world, including yourself. You'll know what I mean once you've played the game yourself. But until then, you have no idea what you're in for...10/10, would recommend any day!"
76561198049558514,Recommended,282140,33792231,Posted: 25 July,all,hawkmeister01,"amazing narrative, good voice acting.quality story. the game play is fine but the story is what this game is about. really recommend it."
,Recommended,282140,33800208,Posted: 25 July,all,SamTheCrazy,"SOMA is a true Horror Game!The game starts you off a little shaken but understanding of your surroundings then throws you into a nightmarish world unimaginable. The scares are not just jump scares but a combination of sounds, environments, stories, and creature of terror. The story draws you and while the world is expansive the paths are there to guide you making it pretty hard to get lost. Checkpoints are very forgiving and make sure to leave you startled and fearful of your next deathOne of my favorite parts is where you are force to confront these Terrors head on in order to progress further into the story. Wait all you want, eventually you build up the nerve to push forward while your heart races telling you that this could be a mistake.The story in itself is a physiological nightmare adding a few moments that make survival fight humanity. Accept your fate and take a plunge into the dark depths to see if you can escape."
76561198094699787,Recommended,282140,33801524,Posted: 25 July,all,Buckeye_Spartan,"WOW! This game was a trip! It's been awhile since I played a game that made me think about morality, mortality, and what it means to be human this much. I'd say it's a lot like the Talos Principle in that regard. Soma had me running the full gamut of emotions, too; fear, joy, sadness, fear, confusion, fear... did I mention fear? Now let me just say that, personally, I'm not a fan of horror games at all. But I powered through the scary parts of this one just because the story and characters were so fascinating.The only real problem I had with this game is that I would occassionally encounter massive framerate drops, sometimes down to 1 fps. As far as I remember this was only in ""transition"" areas, so it wasn't a huge deal, but it would sometimes linger a few seconds afterward. Just a minor annoyance, though. Not game breaking by any stretch."
76561198254393802,Recommended,282140,33707086,Posted: 21 July,all,vortex shadowstalker,It took me at least 24 hours to complete the whole entire thing rest in peaceXD
76561197960393469,Recommended,282140,33834613,Posted: 27 July,all,Raazen,"Great game, worth every penny if ur into story'n♥♥♥♥♥♥as in♥♥♥♥♥♥ting ur pants."
76561198149881474,Recommended,282140,33815706,Posted: 26 July,all,trentvh,"Loved it! Very tense.The ending was good, but I'd kinda heard it was some huge twist, and it wasn't that, although it felt very good and fit the story very well."
76561197970523898,Recommended,282140,33827772,Posted: 27 July,all,Electric6,Real gud game
76561198031765203,Recommended,282140,33826609,Posted: 27 July,all,SleepThieff,"Overall, well worth your time if you are into this genre.The ambience is spot on, the story is thought provoking, and the theme is as human as it gets. I9/10, Highly Recommend"
,Recommended,282140,33868445,Posted: 28 July,all,Everester,"Intelligent, beautiful, realistic, and horrifying, an assault on all your senses, you should buy it."
,Recommended,282140,33938994,Posted: 31 July,all,Mertes,A great game that makes you question reality. The story is really fascinating and has led me to explore a whole lot about it ever since completing the game not long ago and I can definitely say that the story is one of the most interesting ones I've come by in a long time. It brings up so many difficult yet intriguing views of how the mind works and how we has humans are affected by many different aspects that the game throws you in.I also need to mention that this is one of the first (if not the first) horror campaign game of which I've bought and wanted to play through myself rather than watch a gameplay and I can most definitely say that it was totally worth it. I did however watch a playthrough of it after I completed the game due to me wanting to see what that player decided to do and I also know they explore more of which I am sometimes too dumb to do.I recommend this to anyone who is looking for an intriguing story to follow and awesome yet scary gameplay. Good luck!
,Recommended,282140,33941032,Posted: 31 July,all,Jedcom,"The atmospheric, storytelling focus of Firewatch combined with futuristic Fallout vibes - Plus horrifying creatures and stealth gameplay.The good: The story hits a few intriguing sci-fi concepts with chilling consequences.The bad: Some procedural elements are frustrating at times."
76561198165544471,Recommended,282140,33847730,Posted: 27 July,all,hburns2,The atmosphere and ambience is on-point. I've never had a video games make me feel so thoroughly uneasy. Definitely play with headphones if you can. Completely imerses you and the sound design is incredible. Does it bring anything new to the sci-fi/horror genre? Not really. But it is a very effective experience.
,Recommended,282140,33963085,Posted: 1 August,all,Rummplforskin,"One of the most well-thought-out games I have played. When it goes on sale, just get it!"
76561198055797487,Recommended,282140,33963291,Posted: 1 August,all,crawlinginmyskin.exe,"This was an astounding experience, through and through. The game gave me chills time and time again, and not just out of horror. The questions of life, death, and it's meaning through existence are hard hitting ones put here on a truly beautiful display.  Reminds me of Ghost in the Shell in some ways. Whereas Amnesia enveloped the horror of the unreal, Soma covered the horror of the real. This game stands well in it's own right though, a great chapter in Frictional Games' lineup. The gameplay was solid too, as intense as ever. They nailed the desire to explore yet the agony of doing so. Yet the real fear this game gives is the fear of what it means to be you.The story was engrossing. Visuals and effects terrificly done. Incredible atmosphere.I can't express how highly I recommend this game. Well done."
,Recommended,282140,33963252,Posted: 1 August,all,Latch,This game is beautiful and dark at the same time. It made me rethink what it means to be human... good thing I'm just a fox.
76561197994598101,Recommended,282140,33960747,Posted: 1 August,all,The Spankster,Awesome.
,Recommended,282140,34066588,Posted: 6 August,all,Fart Commander,10/10 I love it.
76561197999538786,Recommended,282140,34065151,Posted: 6 August,all,pretorian.stalker,"Having finished the game I can say that it was well worth my time. It's an interesting story that unfolds well and the player knows just as much about it as Simon does. It's very philosophical and  deep, part time making you (and Simon) question what reality is.That said - SOMA is NOT a horror game of the classical sort. You never really get the feeling of dread or loneliness. There are hardly any jumpscares, theres plenty of light around and it's not very claustrophobic, even inside the confinements of the waterbase. Eerie, unsettling and spooky are words that better suit the atmosphere. The main thing about SOMA is the extential questions that unfold during gameplay.All in all, I came out of the game pretty satisfied."
,Recommended,282140,34065772,Posted: 6 August,all,SpOOn,A great game with a rich story and really makes you feel immersed.I didn't want it to end.
,Recommended,282140,34075853,Posted: 6 August,all,Iowa,"The creators of Amnesia bring to us this masterpiece that made everyone jump or scream at least once. With its oppressive ambient, the innovative setting and the original enemies we face, the limits of what we call ""horrendous"" are stretched and bent, I enjoyed every moment of the game, and I played it on one night. Every time I have to remind myself where the jumpscares are, but the game always finds a way to make me feel, if not scared, at least creeped out. Good for people who like to question the nature of humanity."
76561198203970499,Recommended,282140,34044209,Posted: 5 August,all,jennihim,"DON'T THINK, JUST PLAY. GAME OF THE CENTURY. STORY, HORROR, ATMOSPHERE..WOW."
76561198013719855,Recommended,282140,34044725,Posted: 5 August,all,rollin643,"This has to be one of if not the best concept/plot ive encountered across all media, this game is truth, this game is progress of the mind, evolution. Every thinking person needs to experience this story."
76561197993397262,Recommended,282140,34031153,Posted: 4 August,all,shaykeno,Giving my Love.....this game is a must!
,Recommended,282140,33503925,Posted: 13 July,all,Divided,"I finally finished it!This game had me bricking it WAY too much. When it comes to Horror games, I suck, but I'm so glad I played this. If anyone wants a story and fear enducing gameplay, this is for you. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,282140,34053764,Posted: 5 August,all,Bawk,"GD fantastic game. Way to go Frictional! It has a great story, great narrative, easy learning curve on the controls and smooth onboarding. My only complaint is that I WANT MORE! I haven't played a game I've liked this much in a long time."
76561198042036589,Recommended,282140,34019795,Posted: 4 August,all,lfairban,"If you like story driven games, you will probably like SOMA.  Not much shooting, but a lot of running around the bottom of the ocean and the facility there.  The puzzle parts are more like problem solving.  The moral and existential parts are interesting and so is the relationship.  When you get to the end, sit through the credits for the second ending."
,Recommended,282140,34031534,Posted: 4 August,all,bOba feet,"wow this is the first time i have felt ""scared"" in a game for a long time. Vey immersive and deep game, def add to your wishlist for the next time it goes on sale."
,Recommended,282140,24649517,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Super Hans,F-ck off! I heard The Strokes before you...
76561198008778914,Recommended,282140,34019583,Posted: 4 August,all,Ser Kezian,"An amazing game and an amazing experience. Excellent atmosphere, excellent story. Can't recommend this game enough. Go out and buy this now!!!I know it says I only played for a couple of hours but due to my job I play offline a lot. I creeped (it's scary in places) through this game in about 12 hours."
,Recommended,282140,34030478,Posted: 4 August,all,Ahnumak,"Masterpiece. Rare to find such works nowadays. 10/10 would play again. Keeps you tense, keeps you connected."
76561198323463669,Recommended,282140,34096857,Posted: 7 August,all,MASTODON,Quite scary scary game verry fun and story rich.
,Recommended,282140,33975969,Posted: 2 August,all,JaZne,"OMG, just... just... JUST ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY IT !!!"
,Recommended,282140,33978856,Posted: 2 August,all,frosty \ε':/,"I really wish this game had a bigger fan base... because it's honestly a fantastic game! It's a great example of what a horror game should really be about. While it's not as scary as Amnesia or other games of its type and does not have the greatest gameplay, it does a very good job of immersing the player into its exceptionally freaky and creepy story. In this game, what scares you the most are not the monsters, but the idea that you are alone trying to fight your way through so many things to save whatever is left of humankind. While playing, this game will make you question: ""What if this was different? What if that never happened? What if..."" every time giving you a different outcome in each of your speculations about it. That's what makes this game great and, in my opinion, something that other horror games should really try to focus on."
,Recommended,282140,34095323,Posted: 7 August,all,Rumi,"SOMA is an engaging piece of storytelling.  SOMA does well to keep you on the edge as each plot twist moves you along.  As a survival horror experience, which it is billed as by many other players, it largely fails.  Your enemies are easily avoided and there is little consequence for failure.  SOMA instead excels as an exploration title with light puzzle solving, bursting at the seems with beautifully designed environments.  Despite its flaws, I found myself demanding to know more about the events, the characters, and what lurked around the next corner."
,Recommended,282140,34111480,Posted: 8 August,all,Soviet Coffee,SOMA is one of the best games I have ever played. Watched many people play it before I bought it myself and I must admit that I wasn't disappointed. I already knew what would happen but that didn't stop me from enjoying the game. The story is beautiful and it really made me think about some things. The idea of brain uploading was interesting by itself. I can't find a single thing to complain about in this game. It is a masterpiece in my opinion.The monsters still managed to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me and they sometimes made me take a break from the game.This game has been a rollercoaster of emotions and I would recommend it to everyone. Just try it and you won't regret it.My personal score would be: 9.5/10Great job!
76561198068385756,Recommended,282140,33958848,Posted: 1 August,all,Beep Beep,really triggered my thalassophobia 10/10
76561198214984568,Recommended,282140,34259948,Posted: 15 August,all,Powzer,This game has THE best story in any videogame ever made (so far).THIS IS A MUST PLAY GAME IF YOU LOVE A GOOD STORY.
,Recommended,282140,34312221,Posted: 17 August,all,Kreater,What does beeing a human mean when you can digitalize your mind and transfer it in other bodies? Does pulling a plug mean murder? Can artifical life be real life? I have no idea but this game is great.
76561198073707672,Recommended,282140,34310584,Posted: 17 August,all,Shallow,"I really enjoyed this game, full of mystery and Intrigue.Voice acting and story were top notch.Graphics and Sound are on par with todays best.Probably the most atmospheric games ive played, almost to the point of making me♥♥♥♥♥♥myslef on more than one occasion.If you have surround sound with a decnt Sound Card I couldnt reccomend this game enough.If you dont have surround and a Sound Cards, Why Not?If you're looking for somewhere to emmerse yourslef and take a few hours out of reality, try this game you wont be dissapointed."
76561198082598490,Recommended,282140,34534388,Posted: 27 August,all,SirEllusionist,10/10would pull the plug on humans by accident again
76561198344280297,Recommended,282140,34566769,Posted: 28 August,all,EvanD,"This is one of the best games i have ever played, and by far the best story based game. The pacing of the game was spectacular, it kept the story moving forward but slowly enough to keep you wondering what would happen next. The ""fights"" were well done, and we difficult to figure out, but not in beatable. The attention to detail throughout the game was spectacular. I would highly recommend it to anyone, no matter what genre they typically play."
76561198416625559,Recommended,282140,34592369,Posted: 29 August,all,joel.oliver.ec,"So far it's pretty creepy, walking around trying to find your way while you know something is in there with you."
,Recommended,282140,34584792,Posted: 29 August,all,Salty,"This game really makes you think, its also quite scary at times making it a prefect late night experience. The game is short but the rich story and decent art style makes this a must play!"
,Recommended,282140,34585860,Posted: 29 August,all,"Brian ""wew"" Hicks",Haunting narrative will make you question your decisions. Highly reccomend
76561198010078404,Recommended,282140,34582559,Posted: 29 August,all,Heavenly Blues,"Absolute masterpiece, pure existential horror at the bottom of the ocean. Monsters/enemies can be a bit tedious but the story more than makes up for it. Vast improvement on Amnesia and feels a lot more true to the lonliness and isolation of the Penumbra games."
,Recommended,282140,34431250,Posted: 22 August,all,gib battle points pls,"10/10 at inducing an existential crisisNote, contrary to initial marketing, this isn't Amnesia with SCP elements. It's more a mix of Bioshock and I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream."
,Recommended,282140,34398856,Posted: 21 August,all,yumitsui,11/10 story5/10 gameplay (Gameplay is just running around pressing buttons.)7/10 graphics10/10 sound
,Recommended,282140,34421770,Posted: 22 August,all,Flexina,"Loved the game, deffo recommend it to others who likes horrors and creepy games.Liked the story, wich is a plus.Don't really have any negative to say, probably because i did not expect anything before playing it.I hope there will be more games like this one in the future."
76561198354972055,Recommended,282140,34518874,Posted: 26 August,all,BigChombo,If you are a fan of horror games this one is pretty decent! An interesting and captivating story that actually made me play through until the end.
,Recommended,282140,24446321,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MistahBurp,Story = LITVoice Acting = LITAtmosphere = dank AFReally good game overall.10/8 can recommend for people who poop.
,Recommended,282140,33931513,Posted: 31 July,all,Non™,"Deep, immersive and scary... both the ocean and the game.Didn't expect this to be that amazing, but WAU!If you appreciate movies like The Matrix or The Prestige, this one is perfect for you.10/10 would thalassophobia again."
,Recommended,282140,34316258,Posted: 17 August,all,Snus,"It's hard to tell much without spoiling anything, so I will make it short: play it. SOMA offers an amazing experience and, unlike other ""walking simulators"" it actually has a solid gameplay."
76561198006357457,Recommended,282140,34316376,Posted: 17 August,all,.:AFT:.Lorodion,Love the story and atmosphere! Long since I found a gem like this.
76561198062358574,Recommended,282140,34385352,Posted: 20 August,all,Lavinathael,"Wow.I enjoyed this game. The atmosphere was immersive and the whole story was interesting. After I saw the credits start rolling, I sat there contemplating the whole experience for a good 30 mintues.It is not as scary as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but it was creepy enough."
76561198115026330,Recommended,282140,34341465,Posted: 18 August,all,Rabbit,"One of the most thrilling and intense horror games I've ever played. This game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me....literally, I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself....."
,Recommended,282140,31351283,Posted: 24 April,all,CYBP93,I thought it was a great game.Thumbs up from me.
,Recommended,282140,34389276,Posted: 20 August,all,Branchy,"Story was terrific and the atmosphere was a perfect fit for the horror theme, appreciate the lack of cheap jump scares, Only part that could've been improved upon are the sneaking elements and the AI overall."
,Recommended,282140,34466951,Posted: 24 August,all,Tjokker,What a story :O
,Recommended,282140,34480003,Posted: 25 August,all,SchutzStaffel,very gud gaym
,Recommended,282140,18292681,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Umbra,"Clearly Frictional's best work. The atmosphere is top notch, with tireless hours having been poured lovingly into the varying locations. The environments range appropriately from dark, cramped, and claustrophobic to uncomfortably wide-open. The creatures are horrifying and diverse. The sound design is creepy and sometimes unsettling enough to make you want to take your headphones off every now and then just so you can actually breathe. And the story and character progression really leaves you thinking for sometime even after your done playing."
,Recommended,282140,34460622,Posted: 24 August,all,secf4ult,"Immersive atmosphere and compelling story, one of the best Sci-Fi story and so far my favorite walking simulator."
,Recommended,282140,34470241,Posted: 24 August,all,ZeratulVen,"It's been months since I finished the game and sometimes for no reason it comes to my mind the story of SOMA, a story that you can give the turn that you want. You have the front seat in the morality choices of the game, something that very few games do actually. VERY RECOMMENDED!!!"
76561198140436980,Recommended,282140,34509409,Posted: 26 August,all,baaadaaasss,"This game is awsome! The graphics are awsome, the setting is immersive, the story keeps you guessing the entire time, and has ending that makes you think about life. This is a horror game, but its not too scary, there are some levels where you might need to take breather, but overall this a very story driven game."
76561198281292829,Recommended,282140,34501817,Posted: 26 August,all,Jaoryn,"Great story, beautifully crafted world, great atmosphere and hands down one of the best endings in any game ever."
,Recommended,282140,34623043,Posted: 30 August,all,Piero,"This game is awesome, love it, totally recommend it if you're into story rich and immersive games."
,Recommended,282140,31445395,Posted: 29 April,all,Taigar,Existential Crisis in video game format10/10
76561197985630987,Recommended,282140,34722045,Posted: 3 September,all,ACE of DIAMONDS,"Really enjoyed this game. Loved it actually. Thought provoking and intense. Some scary moments, great voice actors, atmospheric, good plot and story development - makes you think. They should make a movie out of this."
76561198022682375,Recommended,282140,26802038,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WiTh,Psychological horror ;!+ great story+ monster's design+ likable main characters+ excelent voice acting+ mind blowing ending- noneOveral rating 10/10 ;!!
76561198196433647,Recommended,282140,23110115,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,JoFefferson,"This is a fantastic game. You easily become immersed in the atmosphere, making the monsters scary and the story compelling. Would recomend, 10/10"
76561198043571196,Recommended,282140,34768887,Posted: 5 September,all,liter cola,It was incredible. Much more than just a jump scare horror game (although it's guilty of a few of those).  I think my favorite part is that it doesn't feel the need to hold your hand and tell you where to go or what to do.  Any time I thought I was stuck and was about to go google what to do the answer appeared a moment later.  It was constantly refreshing to realize the developers trusted you to just figure it out without any HUD or indicators.  I feel this should be an example for how to make games 101.
,Recommended,282140,35215700,Posted: 25 September,all,Alchemist,"On the surface it is pretty standard Horror game fare. Without any means to defend yourself you play a deadly game of hide and seek with quite frightening biomechanical monstrocities at the bottom of the ocean, in the underwater facility PATHOS-II.Interestingly, the encounters with said creatures are probably the least interesting part of this game. It certainly is not an action title, so if you want action survival horror this isnt it. I think that it could actually be possible for the game to lose most of the monsters altogether without impacting the game much. However that by no means makes this bad, what would be standard horror hide and seek with sci fi monsters, is elevated by a compelling story and a hauntingly evocative setting.I can't say too much about the protagonist or the setting, because to talk about either would be going into spoiler territory and this is a game that benefits greatly from going in without a plot synopsis.Highly atmospheric and mood setting, PATHOS II looks like the 80s Sci Fi of the ALIENS franchise, by way of Bioshock's rapture. SOMA has a fantastic command of lighting, sound design and visual design that really sell the setting as you creep around its broken halls.Gradually piecing together who the protagonist is, and what happened to PATHOS II was altogether the best part of this game. To begin with I wasn't particularly connected with the characters within the story, but as time went on I became quite attached to them and their plight.Like good sci fi, it leaves you thinking and pondering long after the credits roll (word of note, there IS a post credits scene that is pretty essential)."
76561197974896879,Recommended,282140,35214647,Posted: 25 September,all,Ivan P.,I am just gonna say wow... this is one of the best video games ever!
,Recommended,282140,35214714,Posted: 25 September,all,Blah,"Terrific game.  The start is a little slow and may cause you to not want to continue, push through for a great narrative."
76561198013945018,Recommended,282140,24131874,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Brutalanal,"Install and start gameGrab your heart and make sure it keeps on beatingPlay gameReceive PTSD, become religios, lose religion, make haste to hell""Finish"" gameClose down game and shut off computerQuestion if you´re still in the gameWhat is human, what is a machineGreat game with a new and interesting atmosphere that´s like it´s predecessors, but different"
76561197980269721,Recommended,282140,35231358,Posted: 26 September,all,tazommers,"Lots of first person puzzle solving type games out there to compare to and the interface for each can be compared all sorts of ways based on peoples different tastes, but what this game has over others I have played is the ability to send shivers down your spine.  I didn't believe some of the reviews saying the game could scare you, but I have to say I don't remember playing anything else that invoked that head rush panic feeling at times.  Awesome job, very fun game, even though yes some of the underwater walking parts were a bit slow."
,Recommended,282140,35233866,Posted: 26 September,all,Stellar Psyke,"SOMA is a dark sci-fi horror game with a heavy emphasis on story.THE GOOD-The astmosphere, the sights and sounds of being in a failing underwater facility-The unique setting/background and it's implications-Just the right amount of scary and most of the horror comes from the atmosphere (no jump scares here)THE BAD-Slightly clumsy action scenes, mostly erring on too easy but some are frustrating-A little confusing if you don't take the time to pay attention to all the auditory and written content as you progress-Graphics starting to look datedTHE VERDICTA must-buy if you are a fan of existential philosophy, horror games or dark sci-fi stories.  However, it is a bit short if purchased at full price. You will get the most out of this game if you fully immerse yourself in the setting and consider your choices carefully."
,Recommended,282140,35236133,Posted: 26 September,all,titpecker,think of it as a interactive movie. play it for the story.
,Recommended,282140,34340924,Posted: 18 August,all,xX m3 Xx,help
76561198062264151,Recommended,282140,34657096,Posted: 1 September,all,d66b65,"I had known the end of the game despite this, i bought and played it and it was really cool experience i enjoyed a lot."
76561198001251929,Recommended,282140,34787161,Posted: 6 September,all,KasperKyd,"I've been playing this in 3d vision mod, underwater environment looks so real.The game can be way more horror, I've been always expecting things, but nothing lolNice game anyway"
,Recommended,282140,34784043,Posted: 6 September,all,McSimon,PLAY THIS GAME
,Recommended,282140,34782567,Posted: 6 September,all,Dr. JoshFTW,"What a game... It's been a long while since I've felt compelled to write a review, but this game deserves the maximum amount of praise it can get.It's heavy.It's sad.It's terrifying.But most of all, it's an incredibly fun ride from start to finish that doesn't insult your intelligence or hold your hand in any way.I guarantee you'll be kept up at night pondering things you wish you didn't consider. Prepare for your mind to be opened in strange and uncomfortable ways."
,Recommended,282140,34780895,Posted: 6 September,all,Abraham Q. Lincoln,Fantastic game (with the Wuss mode mod)!
76561198166740317,Recommended,282140,34788786,Posted: 6 September,all,JibleyJ,I was skepticle not  typically being a fan of the horror Genre. I was infinitely wrong... my life was a lie... I should be incarcerated for being so wrong...The story ALONE is enough to make this game worth the full price but you get SO much more!!I dont even know who I am anymore.. but I know if you are looking for a story that will leave you mentally drained then you need this game.
,Recommended,282140,34960784,Posted: 14 September,all,Vifegget,"Absolutely amazing game. The sound and atmosphere are phenomenal. While maybe not the scariest experience, it definitely is eerie and delivers a great, well-thought out story that hits you right in the guts.P.S. Stop reading reviews and get it instantly."
,Recommended,282140,34927236,Posted: 13 September,all,Heartless Blaze,scary...Deep...Beatiful... find out for your self if you can help the main character
76561198019557497,Recommended,282140,34950050,Posted: 14 September,all,Shadow-,One of the best games i have ever played! 9.9/10
,Recommended,282140,34972800,Posted: 15 September,all,hooloovoo,"Absolutely top notch story, something I have sorely missed over the last few years, with everything nowadays being crappy early access or free-to-play with no plot and the same copy-pasted gameplay mechanics.  Environments look great, and you will feel tense throughout.  The monsters all exist to support the story and put the player under additional pressure.  They can be annoying at times when it isn't clear how to bypass them, but there aren't many so I can forgive that.I don't think there is any real replay value unless you miss things the first time and want to be more thorough, but it's not expensive and you'll spend three or four nights playing through it."
76561198007108663,Recommended,282140,35056739,Posted: 18 September,all,White.Reaper.94,"This game was great, I would recommend. Story line is strong and keeps the player engaged. I found myself wanting to discover more.  Story mission was short as expected around 10hours but still worth it."
,Recommended,282140,34982469,Posted: 15 September,all,Daedric Dave,An absolute masterpiece. One of the best games that I have ever played.
76561198017224231,Recommended,282140,34994492,Posted: 16 September,all,Danua's Amnesiac,Im not one for writing reviews but holy mother of ♥♥♥♥
76561198009069010,Recommended,282140,35034235,Posted: 17 September,all,eric36272,A great atmospheric sci-fi game that I would recommend to any fan of horror or sci-fi.
,Recommended,282140,35007999,Posted: 16 September,all,Quinjelly,Beautiful game
76561198032271298,Recommended,282140,35007675,Posted: 16 September,all,Thinquar,"Just finished my first play-through of this game. It was a hell of a lot better than I was originally expecting it to be. I love games with such immersion,(no pun intended, those that have played will get it, those that haven't will when they do),and the fact that its more or less a FPS game without the shooter bit made it even better. Recommend this game to anyone who loves FP style games and games with an excellent story, the two combine perfectly here."
76561197968555056,Recommended,282140,35026709,Posted: 17 September,all,jaffa_geronimo,"imho a great game which was quite fascinating to play.nice story, neat graphics and the ""horror parts"" are mixed in the right ratio - not too much to turn it into a complete horror game but enough to keep up the tension.atmospheric sound and music complete the picture very well.playtime about ~18 hrs with extensive map exploring"
76561197979631155,Recommended,282140,35032360,Posted: 17 September,all,Nate J,A bit jumpy.  Story is fantastic.
,Recommended,282140,35069866,Posted: 19 September,all,Syn,"There have been few games which have affected me this deeply or made me think about the ethical and philosophical questions it raises. I am not much into horror games, but I ploughed through my fear so I could see how the story resolves itself. Truly one of the most underrated games in recent times."
76561198259930559,Recommended,282140,31494653,Posted: 1 May,all,jost,Scariest game i have ever played.
76561198158710812,Recommended,282140,34624209,Posted: 30 August,all,taylor_redman,I really enjoyed it. It had a unique feel to it and a pretty good story that had me pushing on not because I wanted to but because I wanted to know what happens.
76561197977608351,Recommended,282140,34718004,Posted: 3 September,all,Robin,10/10
,Recommended,282140,34720729,Posted: 3 September,all,☁️ Touka,"A MASTER PEICE, This game is obsolutley outstanding and I highly suggest you this gameVisuals 10/10Overall theme and feel 10/10Spookieness 10/1010/10"
76561198051248943,Recommended,282140,34722176,Posted: 3 September,all,dietDOOM,"I had never heard of this game and bought it on a whim while it was on sale. So worth it - This game is in my top five all time favorites. It has the adrenaline induced thrills of a horror game, but is so much more thought provoking than your average haunted asylum game."
76561197970189071,Recommended,282140,34959375,Posted: 14 September,all,bucinnutter,"Superb, thought provoking and scary."
,Recommended,282140,35098670,Posted: 20 September,all,roni_sl,"Best game i ever played, I was waiting for another horror, but horror is little part of this game, i hated sci-fi before this game. Story line is very curious and 100% need to be finished. If u think, buy that game or not, just buy, u will never regret."
,Recommended,282140,35118814,Posted: 21 September,all,SirDuckbeard,"I didn't really know what to expect going into this game, but HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! Give these guys a ♥♥♥♥ing gold medal. The sound design/foley work is amazing, and it's rendered beautifully. I'm excited to see what else they can come up with.10/10 would have existential crisis again."
,Recommended,282140,35140874,Posted: 22 September,all,424 apologist,this game would be scarier if the monsters didn't keep making noises that sound like a kid farting in a bathtub
76561198287613040,Recommended,282140,35004915,Posted: 16 September,all,ChariotMan,Great scary atmospheric game reminds me of Dead Space very strange story and creatures and I like that! I totally recommed playing this game with all the LIGHTS OFF. EASY 10 out of 10
,Recommended,282140,35004419,Posted: 16 September,all,Daytona White,"The story, astmosphere, tension..its all there and very well done."
76561198142396326,Recommended,282140,34942441,Posted: 13 September,all,SquishierGnat,the development team did not take any shortcuts
76561198071024228,Recommended,282140,35004121,Posted: 16 September,all,Scythe,"Just finished and must say it is awesome, especially if you already know amnesia series(which you should and again if you did not you should).+Very good example of stealth game(not as continuous heart attack mode like outlast)+Thrilling story, even makes you decisions that gives you chills+Not so hard enemy encounters which could have made game total neck pain(or butt)-In game documents are sometimes unneccesary, seems elaborate, but gives more realistic atmosphere.-Enemies dont chill you that much(if you are an Outlast enthusiast), but still balanced :)"
,Recommended,282140,35014626,Posted: 16 September,all,TwoCatsYelling,"Fantastic game.I did end up using the wuss mod, starting with the last leg of Theta. Areas previous to that, and afterward, even, seemed very well balanced between puzzle/story/enemy encounters. But Theta, for some reason, leans *very* heavily toward ""enemy encounters"" and it started becoming more frustrating than challenging to me, and I didn't want to burn out on the game as I was really enjoying it otherwise.The puzzle solving remained intact, and there *are* still segments you have to do correctly to get through without dying, but it allows the story to continue flowing better for sure.Upon finishing it, I thought back to how it all started and, though I only really started playing some days ago, man it feels like weeks. What a journey.Definitely plan to play it again. Maybe I'll even try it without wuss mode at all, since now I know the story and so I don't need to feel like I'm being ""pulled away"" from it too much.I can easily recommend this."
76561197972505537,Recommended,282140,35005576,Posted: 16 September,all,matthew.rodgerson,"Absolutely brilliant game, compelling story complete with philosophical reflections on the nature of being and the continuity of mind and personality. It's pretty scary too, with no means to fight back against the monsters I found myself often crouching in and corner in the dark looking at the wall, waiting to see if it would pass me by without noticing. The underwater world is very well realised and often quite beautiful amongst the horror. There are also some profoundly moving moments, and the excellent voice acting plays a large part in this game's strong emotional impact. Highly recommended but not for the faint hearted."
,Recommended,282140,35024461,Posted: 17 September,all,[T.WW] Scarab,The most horrifying things in this game aren't the monsters.SOMA is an existential horror masterpiece that deserves your attention.
76561198014098251,Recommended,282140,35037406,Posted: 17 September,all,STATIC_AGE,10/10 -- Quality story. Spooked my mule on many occasions. Enjoyed every minute of it.
,Recommended,282140,35087249,Posted: 20 September,all,Bigmack,"*ignore gameplay, 15 hours plus on console*I love this game so much.Not much in terms of replayability, but the insanely decent story'll stick in your head for years.. so definitely worth picking up.PLUS 100% cheevos just for playing, what's not to love??buy dis you sexy mofos. tah xx"
,Recommended,282140,35218293,Posted: 26 September,all,nicocharlebois,"My favorite game this year! Love the ambiance, the music, the gameplay but I especially love the story. It's so immersive and well written. The plot is just.. AMAZING! Once you start playing it, you have a hard time stopping.I saw there is extensive Workshop content to add some replay value. Love those developpers who also made an other of my favorite game: Amnesia: The dark descent.I really recommend this game! Bought it on sale, so maybe wait for an other one before buying?"
76561198150098457,Recommended,282140,35194542,Posted: 24 September,all,Cthulhooligan,"Finished game, turned it off, stared at the wall for a while.10/10, would experience creeping dread and profound questions regarding the definition of existence again."
,Recommended,282140,35246644,Posted: 27 September,all,Time_Lord,"Don't read about it beforehand. Go in not knowing anything. It's brilliant!And when you're done, look up what SOMA means in Greek."
76561198038304470,Recommended,282140,35246371,Posted: 27 September,all,BishopWalrus,+Chilling atmosphere.+Interesting story.+Amazing scenery.+Lots of twists.+Alright pricing.=Definitely worth playing.
,Recommended,282140,34694386,Posted: 2 September,all,YNE,"This game is so immersive!I couldn't stop my self from moving forward, because I just had to know what would happen next.It's just great! The story, the setting, the gameplay, the sounds. It's a masterpiece.Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,282140,34703757,Posted: 2 September,all,Noslip,"This game absolutely incredible, Fantastic job by frictional game, i said again this game is great..Story 10/10Gameplay 8/10Jumpscare 7/10Graphic 8/10#OneOfMyFavoriteGame"
76561198004479345,Recommended,282140,35276292,Posted: 28 September,all,Sir Lee,Very good game.
76561198232837092,Recommended,282140,35304690,Posted: 29 September,all,Abe,"Frictional Games outdid themselves - againSOMA starts off with a 26 years old man waking up and going to get his head examined after a tragic accident. But things take an unexpected turn when he wakes up alone and confused in an underwater installation about a hundred years later into the future. Telling anything more would just spoil the game for you, but know that SOMA is not the next installment in Amnesia series, but Frictional Games' first foray into scifi-horror which takes you about 8 hours to complete.The game consists of walking and solving puzzles in an atmospheric, at times spooky and downright chilling, environment packed with all sorts of hazards. Graphically the game is not very demanding, but can still strike you with awe the moment you least expect it. The underwater segments are especially noteworthy, and the atmosphere is even stronger at times than in Amnesia: The Dark Descent. There are monsters, but they are not the main attraction this time, but only a sideproduct of the story. Unlike in Dark Descent, here the monsters pose no such a dire threat as they can be maneuvered with relative ease. It may be a bit of stating the obvious, but there really is no fighting back, either. Your best option is to run away and hide.The fulcrum of SOMA is its story, which is more like a synthesis on what it means to be a human, how we define existence, and what is real for whom. As weird as it may sound, after the credits roll, you are left with feelings of loneliness, sadness, and even anxiety. Make no mistake, SOMA is a game for mature audiences because of its gripping dissection on the human mind and how we perceive ourselves in relation to time and space.Very few games in existence as of today have managed to tackle above mentioned subjects with such grace as SOMA. I congratulate Frictional Games for their succesfull effort and cannot wait for their next game(s).SOMA nails its targets at nearly every turn, but there a couple of niggles here and there. Real-world pictures of cats, trees etc. are used in the game, but all human faces are not animated, but hand-drawn. Consequently, whenever there is dialogue, you may find yourself just looking at a hand-drawn image of a person's face which breaks the immersion severely. Another small negative is the fact that there is no replay value whatsoever. There are no secrets to find or achievements to unlock, and no multiplayer.Pros:+ A captivating, chilling take on transhumanism and existence+ Level design is outstanding ranging from mundane appartments to derelict underwater bunkers+ Sound design fully supports the atmosphere and kicks it up a notchCons:- Drawn faces of characthers take you out of the immersive game world- No replay valueSOMA costs only half of what a typical triple A game does, but delivers more in terms story. This is a game you don't want to miss, and one which you'll remember for all eternity. Good job, Frictional Games!"
,Recommended,282140,27566745,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Didacuas,"Haven´t played it yet because i don't want my life to end. The second I finish this game i might kill myself, because no wife, kids, money will bring me happiness like this game will. 10/10"
76561197972873960,Recommended,282140,35318287,Posted: 29 September,all,TMC-TheDude,A gorgeously designed game and a captivating story. Frictional Games gives us another classic.
,Recommended,282140,35148345,Posted: 23 September,all,Corruptor0127,"This is one of the best games I've played so far, it has a good story and some monsters you have to avoid, but the best thing is that you can modify your game to your prefered playstile:-You're a total ♥♥♥♥♥, but still want to experience the story of the game?Just install the Wuss Mode mod!-Or are you the kind who doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about story and just want some Stealth gameplay?Well, this game might not be for you, but if you have no better alternatives, or actually care for the story, but already played through it once and you're searching for a way to play it again with a bit more of a challenge;Try out the Hard Mode mod!"
76561198099742160,Recommended,282140,23979150,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,VoidWalker,Catherine...
76561198039598735,Recommended,282140,35173927,Posted: 24 September,all,jongbla,Story is soo good! Got goosebumps at the ending.
,Recommended,282140,35167676,Posted: 23 September,all,Browsing Dank Memes BRB,"It has been a LONG time since I have been able to say this- I played this game from start to finish without stop. This is without a doubt, one of, if not THE, best game I have ever played. It is truly an experience, a perfect blend of thrill, horror, story, characters, exploration, and awe. You are constantly kept guesing, constantly surprised. Everything feels fresh and interesting. I can say without a doubt that this is 100% a MUST PLAY."
,Recommended,282140,35190433,Posted: 24 September,all,MexCFood,Solid experience that relies on atmosphere and mood in lieu of jump scares to keep you on the edge of your seat.  Thought provoking and impactful.
,Recommended,282140,35190400,Posted: 24 September,all,SilentHunt,They are not us!
,Recommended,282140,35207658,Posted: 25 September,all,ObviousAaron,One of the best experiences I've had with a game. Loved it. Where's SOMA 2?
76561198072427736,Recommended,282140,35224705,Posted: 26 September,all,Joelester,"I love this game, it has the right amount of creepyness and scare factor that a horror hater like me loves. Get this game especially because if you finish the main story quick you have hundreds of mods waiting for you."
,Recommended,282140,35249646,Posted: 27 September,all,tunikb,"Nowhere near as scary as amensia and the likes, but the overall package of the game exceeds those in excellence by far. Amazing atmosphere and interesting story. Definitely play this, if you like dark sci-fi."
,Recommended,282140,35250369,Posted: 27 September,all,getdizzzy,The only scary game.
76561198209155859,Recommended,282140,35251631,Posted: 27 September,all,DevastatorPC,"Excellent game!!  Great story, great game play.  Highly recommend, this game acheived bringing an experience to the player, atleast in my case.  I will definitely play this game again down the road..."
,Recommended,282140,35253002,Posted: 27 September,all,Mord,"Soma has one of the best stories in gaming. Period. Beyond it's fantastic graphics, gripping audio and fantastic voice acting is a story that by the end credits will have you emotionally captivated, likely beyond anything any game has been able to do. The concept's of being alone, isolated, and our very existence as humans - all is questioned. This is a game that you will finish, because you'll simply need to know what Happened.I was Simon. I am Simon. I am Simons copy."
76561197994190665,Recommended,282140,35389692,Posted: 1 October,all,Artyom,"Never have i felt so inquisitive of my own existence, and the nature of what it means to be human, 10/10."
76561198052717442,Recommended,282140,35379652,Posted: 1 October,all,elder,"the game is good - interesting SiFi story, good graphics, almost zero bugs. I like it"
76561197962409481,Recommended,282140,35480093,Posted: 4 October,all,GROFAZ,"i recommend the game by a slim margin.ONLY BUY ON SALEi really dont like when the player character speaks long scripted dialogue.its not my voice or what i would say and hinders immersion, which detracts greatly from the gameplay experience.game was o.k, finished it in 12 hours.pros;- atmosphere- sound- music- storycons;- hijaking of the camera/controls during cutscenes/dialogue- painfully long cutscenes/dialogue that you cant always skip- embarassing script dialogue at times- could do without the preachy kindergarten philosophy- frustrating at times when your stuck doing ""trial and error"" gameplay"
,Recommended,282140,35488523,Posted: 5 October,all,Elapso,"Bravo, Frictional Games!9/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix3mHTH9URQ"
76561198311149307,Recommended,282140,35490605,Posted: 5 October,all,Eagle_of_Fire,"I've played this game more than once. My last playthru, which is the amount of time played on this account, lasted me about 8 hours and while I didn't rush it I knew what I was doing this time around. I would still strongly recommend since the appeal of this game is not the value you get from your purchase but rather the quality in story and how it try to ♥♥♥♥ with your mind. It really shine on this aspect and it will more than likely stay in the back of your head long after you completed the story. A great experience nobody who like this kind of game should go without.I would strongly suggest that you wait for this game to get on sale rather than purchasing it full price. The real value of this game should be between 15 and 20 dollards.As a side note, I'm not really sure why this game got an M rating. Probably because of the story itself and the direction it is taking? I certainly didn't notice the ""nudity"" or blood and you get more violence just watching the evening news. Oh well. :)"
76561198106819697,Recommended,282140,35500421,Posted: 5 October,all,Lucky,"What can I say?This game has a lot of scary moments, like the trailers of the game say.But there's a lot more to it.This game is probably one of the best games I've ever played: it has a beautiful atmosphere, a great story, some puzzle elements, difficult choices to make and there a lot to explore. Like......a lot.Find all the memories and you can understand pretty much everything that led to this mess in the first place.Overall: 11/10"
76561198015217908,Recommended,282140,35505419,Posted: 5 October,all,Will,"SOMA is first person sci-fi/psychological horror game with deep storytelling, high quality dialogue, great voice acting and heavy atmosphere. Also with some great funny dialogues (dark humour). This is exploration/puzzle game and there is no combat. I don't want to reveal the story (don't watch trailers for greater enjoyment) and I will just say that if you're a fan of sci-fi don't miss this game! This game will drag you into it's world and keep in it all the way to the end. You will think about this game long after you finish it.I don't usually write reviews but this game deserves a high recommendation. Although this game have some glitches/bugs at moments and puzzles aren't so difficult, I will give this game 10/10. Frictional Games.. well done!"
76561198070245815,Recommended,282140,35506681,Posted: 5 October,all,Caboose,"I absolutely love this game's story, its immersive and brimming with enviornmental story.Soma isnt something thats played for strictly gameplay or monster mechanics, I find both of these aspects okay but not great."
,Recommended,282140,35509369,Posted: 5 October,all,fineous,"Great science fiction and philosophical food for thought.  The story does a nice job of drawing you in deeper as you try to get your head around what's happening.  Excellent undersea effects that are immersive and convincing.  Puzzles are relatively simple but logical and not arbitrary.  I liked that there is not a lot of tedium objecting hunting and resource hoarding like some games.  The focus is on moving the story forward and revealing more of the plot.  There's some ""running from the bad guys"" stuff which is maybe about 25% of the game.  Any more than that I would have found putting off, but definitely added some good tension.  Make sure you watch the credits to the end to get the full experience."
76561198043383639,Recommended,282140,35509902,Posted: 5 October,all,Territorial Pissings,Pretty cool. If you liked bioshock you will like this.
76561198376199650,Recommended,282140,35509929,Posted: 5 October,all,StringBeanFetus,I beat this game about 1 month ago and...i still feel empty inside. Theres always that feeling. great game.
76561198167660942,Recommended,282140,35516598,Posted: 6 October,all,ARM-V03,One of the best horror games I have ever player.
76561198271547587,Recommended,282140,35515304,Posted: 6 October,all,wi1s_tar,Truly something special.  I'm only 2 hours in and it's captivating.
