user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,282210,14912533,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DrNoesis,"I decided to give this game a few hours of play, and a couple of days to judge if my opinions about it were sufficiently objective, and I've deliberately avoided reading other reviews so as not to colour my judgement.At a very cursory glance, it's an ok, fun, civ: beyond earth themed mini game, that will provide a slightly different way to  sink a few hours in to a game for a little bit.I tend to think of games in terms of wether they ""break even"" for me or not - am I going to get sufficient gameplay out of a title that the cost per hour played is less than or equal to an arbitrary value.For me, I tend to consider this value at a nice easy £1 per hour, pretty much the price of a cheap cup of coffee... if a game beats that, it's broken even or possibly even done a lot better. If it works out higher than that, the cost to own is too high and not worth the expense.On those terms, this title doesn't even come close... as I doubt I'll play beyond the 3 hours or so I've put into it so far, leaving me at a cost to own of over £3 per hour...I'll try to embellish more below.Do you remember the free companion app for Mass Effect 3 that was released a few years ago? Called Mass Effect: Datapad, it allowed you to play a basic mini game on a tablet or mobile device that could influence events in the main game.Simply put, Starships is the ""next gen"" version of that.  There game is a little more complicated than Datapad, but in essence all there is to it is a vehicle for delivering unlockable content in Beyond Earth, which from the initial unlocks I was able to make, are pretty basic, and add a few slightly different starting options for civ's in any new game you start after the unlock (eg a ""sponsor"" option when setting up your civ to start with ultrasonic fences, instead of the vanilla options)  Unlike datapad though, it doesn't add the Beyond Earth equivalent of ME's codex, and does nothing else to really expand on the game or the overall experience.When you consider that, as mentioned, Datapad was free, albiet a little more basic, it brought a lot more to the game universe it represented than Starships accomplishes for £11/$14 - and that in itself, really draws the value of this title into stark contrast.Don't get me wrong, it is a fun little distraction, but there really isn't all that much to it beyond a distraction.  Every mission map is ostensibly the same... a randomly generated asteroid field with a couple of flavour target decorations in suitable locations.The galaxy map, where you take part in all your diplomacy, upgrades and travel, is pretty miniscule, even when set to ""extreme"" size, (I counted approx 20 systems in my last extreme map, for example) which is pretty poor and clearly designed around rushed, dirty play.  Similarly unit limitations in missions (up to 15 whole units at once... wow) is a pretty clear indicator of the intended audience.... tablet users, with PC and Mac users obviously catered for purely as a bonus extra revenue stream.The game, currently, has no tutorial, and requires users to integrate both Starships and Beyond Earth with a 3rd party accounts system (which isn't all that obvious to find) in order to benefit from any of the inter-title unlocks.The advertised ""starship customisation"" feature is pretty poor, and is simply a case of pumping points into a specific attribute to beef it up a bit.The ingame AI is pretty abysmal where scaling difficulty does nothing to changing AI tactics, and instead seems only to make them more able to soak up and dish out damage. As soon as you've worked out that it's possible to spam your way to success pretty easily, all the real challenge is lost, and it simply becomes an exercise in chosing the most economical way to collect all the ingame systems.Sure I hold my hands up, I had different expectations of the game when I preordered it, and from the demo's and trailers I saw, I was kind of expecting a turn based 4x strategy title.  I was disappointed when I realised this wasn't the case, and I cannot say strenuously enough, this is not a 4x strategy game, but I tried to keep playing and experiencing the game regardless, and have tried to judge it on it's own merits rather than how it didn't match up to my expectations.Is it a fun little minigame? Yes, as I said at the start, it is an amusing distraction for an hour or two.However, I have played similar games in flash based web games, and I've downloaded far better, and more involved or complete, games than this for free on my mobile devices, and have had varying levels of satisfaction from them.I found the subject of ""cross compatibility"" a little bit of a misnomer too... Where Datapad could impact on how prepared the galaxy was to deal with an impending threat, or where Assassins Creed allowed you to affect the economy and environment in which you played, all Starships offers is the ability to unlock gameplay options that would previously just have been included as standard.Seen in that light, it's little more than a rebranded DLC pack for Beyond Earth, which demands not only your money but also your time in order to unlock the content you've paid for (and by all rights, should have had access to in the first place)In light of all that, I simply cannot in good concious recommend the game to anyone at it's current retail price.Taken as a DLC, it's easily double the price it should be for the features it brings to your Beyond Earth experience.Taken as a stand alone mobile app, it's probably closer to triple the price of a title with similar depth.Taken as a stand alone PC/Mac game, to be honest, I've paid less than a 10th of the price for indie titles that were far more robust and deserving.Add it to your wishlist, and wait for it to be added as a bonus game to a humble bundle or something.  Spend the £11/$14 buying lunch for a couple of homeless folks, you'll get far more satisfaction in the long run, and someone far more deserving than the developers behind this title, get to have you buy them a meal."
,Recommended,282210,14891050,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,GM Pax,"What The Game Is NOTI suspect many of my fellow reviewers simply saw Sid's name on it, and expected a large and complex 4X game in space.  Which, if they had paid even half-attention to anything the developer said prior to release, they would have realised was never meant to be the case.This game was never meant to be something like Endless Space, or Galactic Civilizations, or Master of Orion.  Firaxis was quite clear about that during the development process, in everything they said to their fans.What The Game ISStarships is a light/casual strategy game, suitable to playing when you have a few spare moments - during a lunch break, for example.  It's less aboutgrand strategythan it is abuttactical combatwith a small fleet.  And within that framework,it is a very,verygood little game.Just, lighter fare than most of my fellow strategy-game enthusiasts will be used to.Moral of the Story:Never buy a game just for the title, especially, just for whose name is on it.  Always take the time to at least learn what it's publisherclaimsthe game is supposed to be.To all of those people who bought this, expecting a dep and complicated 4X game requiring multiple hours, and hundreds of turns, just to complete a single playthrough, I say:CAVEAT EMPTOR; the only person to blame for your poor experience, is yourself.Next time, do your homework, and at least learn what the game itself actuallyclaimsto be, before setting yourself up for disappointment when it turns out not to match your unfounded expectations."
76561197966771655,Not Recommended,282210,14928510,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Crowe,"Short version:  This game should NOT be purchased at this time. Wait 2 or 3 months for 2K to either abandon support or actually finish testing this game.  This game is NOT in Early Access and should be a finished and tested product. However, most of the Early Access games I have played were far more stable.Longer version:I've never written a review on a Sid Meier game before and it's a shame that this has to be the first one. The bugs that are inherent in this game indicate that very little testing was done prior to launch. In an attempt to stem the tide of negative posts, one of the 2K devs sticky'd a thread to try to capture all technical issues. I don't think he's actually replying to anything there. This thread has been out since 3/12 (today is 3/16) and is up to 32 pages so far and growing.I entered a support ticket on the 2K page after reading their FAQ/Known Issues thread.  I'm suffering from two of the frequent issues. The game doesn't play fullscreen for me -- the Windows taskbar always shows up. The FAQ said that if I hide my taskbar in Windows, this would resolve it. Really?  Why the heck would I do that? Shouldn't they just write the game to overlap it fullscreen?  You know, just like every other game developer already does?  The other issue is far more irritating though. The game crashes after the second set of logos... just about 4 or 5 words into the intro. 100% of the time despite an uninstall/reinstall. So I've not watched the intro yet. The only way to get past this is to spam the Escape key as soon as the second set of logos comes up. I don't get the intro but I can play the game... for a while.  Yes, dear friends, the crash-to-desktop bug persists into the game itself.  Randomly, the game just shuts itself down with no error messages. Not so bad if you save frequently but later into the game when you have control of a bunch of worlds and a decent-sized fleet, it gets to be a real PITA to save just to go from one world to the next then save and move to the next... But you have to do this if you want to store your progression because you never know when you'll be dumped right out.  When you enter a ticket on this at the 2K support site (which I heartily recommend as they need a swift boot to the tail for this), you'll notice that if you select ""crash"" as an option, they even already have drop-downs for ""crash after second logos"" and ""crash during gameplay.""   This game should have never ever ever launched in this state. These aren't minor bugs to be worked around -- they are show-stoppers.Now on to the game itself... It feels more like a tablet game than a Windows game.  The price point is about right -- this isn't a deep simulation or world builder. You're not in-game to get invested and watch your planets grow (except for maybe your homeworld).  The combat is what the game is all about. It's relatively simple and straight-forward in the basic mode.  I haven't tried hard mode yet since I haven't been able to sustain the game long enough to complete a normal campaign. (see the paragraph about the perisistent crashing above)"
,Not Recommended,282210,17781226,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Cpt. Nommingtons,"To me, this game is simply a stain on Sid Meier's name. I can't imagine he had any interest in the project, and it feels like the producers simply pinned his arms to the desk until he signed over permission to use his name for a overly-glossed project that probably didn't take them very long to develop.This game tries to 'feel' a bit like Master of Orion, but it fails to deliver in pretty much every category. I played it for two days and finished it on epic size. Every planet, faction and technology is the same, no random events happened, there are a short list of ""missions"" for every uncolonied planet which are all very much the same. It is to MoO what Empire At War was to Supremacy: take a good concept, cut it down to its most bare elements, and slap a price on it.There's almost no diplomacy, not in the sense that you feel there is real politics taking place as happens with Sid Meier's civilisation games - the AI is neither bold to attack nor is scared of you when you're powerful. Alliances are empty. The game feels as though it has no soul to the purpose but to play through the simple rules, you are fully aware you're just clicking to interact with a simple ruleset, no immersion in actually ""being a part"" of a story, not even on sandbox level.The graphics ""are nice"" but feels like pretty paint on something so simple and simply boring. The game forces you to watch ships explode in its terrible animation (which is, flashes here and there, while the camera shakes galore, focusing on the ship with no choice, then it disappears, this animation when repeated actually made me a bit ill) so, when you take out 5 ships with one torpedo (which is pretty necessary to get through the game without spending too long in the boring battles) you just check your phone while you wait for it to go all ""oh look shaky screen in space, isn't space cool??"" No. It's not cool.This is the space-4X equivalent of Farmville. It's only worth getting if you need to keep your son quiet in the evenings, but even then, in my opinion, it's also a waste of his time."
76561198030752296,Not Recommended,282210,14855111,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Karasukafka,"And in the seventh day Firaxis and Sid got tired...I want to love this game. Really. Spaceships and planets! Exploring with your fleet and investigate different civilizations! Sounds a cool concept, also the maps looks amazing. I did not expect a really complex 4x game, but rather something with fun rules, easy gameplay but challenging enough.And possibly, hopefully Starships executes that... but there is no real way to find it as the game full with bugs (and no, not the bugs from Beyond the Earth). It crashes for many people with the current built, so honestly I can't advice to anyone to buy at it's current state. Wait a couple of days to see what will happen.Civ: Beyond the Earth was somewhat a disappointment and I am sad to say but Starships seems to go to the same route. A could be great and fun game who never fullfils it's promise. Please prove me otherwise Sid."
,Recommended,282210,17561534,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,kschang77,"Sid Meier's Starships (SMS) is NOT Civ-in-Space, as many people hoped, but rather, it's as if ""Heroes of Might and Magic"" (HOMM) had a baby with ""Strange Adventures in Infinite Space"" and transplanted into Sid Meier's CIV: Beyond Earth universe. It somewhat resembles the Civ Series in that it involves growing star systems, managing resources, and has multiple victory conditions including tech, diplomancy, population, and so on, but all the parameters are either preset or simplified into ""levels"" rather than micro-management choices that delighted Civ fans. And rather than building as many units as you want, you have to make do with a single fleet (which can be a swarm of smaller ships, or a few uber powerful ones) that you must continually upgrade as needed. As a result, it's a bit of ""neither fish nor fowl"". It's not as complex as Civilization series (certainly not that this price point) yet it's deeper than most games at this price level.SMS limits you to a single fleet, which started at 2 corvettes, but as you continued to upgrade them they became larger, stronger, more heavily armed, more heavily shielded and armored, faster, better sensors and/or stealth, even more fighter bays. You can also add ships if you can afford to do so. Prices go up as component ratings go up. And given the various fields you can upgrade, you can customize the ships to fit almost any strategy. Enjoy hit and run? Long range torpedo attack under stealth? Long range laser bombardment? Sending fighters to pick apart the enemy? You can do it in this game.SMS starts you off with one world, and as you move your fleet you will discover more systems, each of which will have a mission for you. Could be as simple as fleet action (where you need to destroy the other fleet) to hold on for five turns, to escape in 5 turns, and so on. Each world also produce resources (energy, food, metal, science, etc.) which can then be spent on planet upgrades, ship upgrades, research, and so on. Each planet upgrade, much like the city structures in Civ, have tangible production benefits. Perform enough missions at a system and you can pull that planet into your sphere of influence.SMS lets you interact with other political entities as you find them, and they, much like civilizations in Civ, will greet, threaten, cajole, sign treaties, and more.SMS lets you setup various map conditions from tiny to huge in size, different starting positions and tech levels, and more. Even the win condition can vary, as you can go for domination, or get wonders, science, diplomacy, and other victories.You can only have one fleet, whcih is why this game drew a comparison with the Heroes of Might and Magic (HOMM) series, where the hero with his stack of creatures move around the map, to various action points on the map to do combat with either defenders of a castle or other important locations. As one conquers each castle one also needs to spend $$$ on the castle as improvements, much like in SMS one must buy planetary population or planetary improvements.If there's combat, then your units will do combat on a hex-map of the system where there are various wormholes, asteroids (small and large), planets, and other structures, as your ship(s) will fire lasers, plasma cannons, and/or torpedoes at the enemy ships, as well as send out fighter wings to conducting harassing or direct attacks. Whoever left standing is the winner, but depending on damage suffered it can be a pyrrhic victory. The idea generally is put yourself where your fleet can concentrate fire on one enemy ship while staying out of range or firing arc of others by hiding behind asteroids and/or planets.Graphics are ""fine"", as it's sci-fi-y look but quite clear and concise. The map scrolling takes a little getting useto as there is no free rotation (there is, but it snaps back into place as you release the mouse) and there is no edge scroll or keyboard scroll which surprised me somewhat. OTOH, the ships, the protagonist of the game, are interesting as everything you add has an immediate visual effect. Ships get longer, bulkier, with visible weapons and other modules added, and what was a wimpy corvette will eventually morph into a full battleship, and you'll visually see the differences.All in all, SMS is NOT Civ-in-Space, though it has a similar feel, but it's far more related to HOMM or Infinite Space series than Civ. As long as you keep that in mind, enjoy the strategy-lite game."
76561198006621144,Recommended,282210,14886908,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Taghmon,"NO Civ or Usual PC-StrategyStarships is a Fast-paced, Turn-based, tactical and strategical game aimed at modern players, who prefer a short campaign with a strategical depth that they can grasp while playing it casual.Something that a Fan of Sid Meier, Civ, Firaxis and PC-Strategy just isn't used to. And therein might be the reason for most negative reviews: every feature is reduced to its bare essentials to provide a dense and fast strategy experience. It doesn't want to fill your evenings! It want's your small chunks of spare-time, entertaining for 30 to 90mins at a time. Your trip to work, your break, or that 40mins that you can steal away while your kids watch their favored show.Unusual Design Decisions(Things you should get accustomed to, to enjoy it)Just one FleetStarships strategy core is to use your one fleet most efficient. Your effectiveness at the meta-gameplay is defined by accomplishing as much as possible with this one fleet each turn. No matter how big your empire, your turn has always the same amount of moves and actions. No uneventful early turns or tedious later turns.Every turn counts!Tactical MovementThe tactical combat is all about movement: range and angle for the shot but most of all cover, mixed with some divide&conquer. Unusual for a spaceship game, but it ensures that how you move is always more important than the strength of your fleet!Simplified ProgressionStarships has 4 paths of progression: The Fleet (invest energy), Research(invest science), more Planets(conquered), and Production(invest food and metal). where each part of progression isn't much more than a counter with increasing price for every point. But everything is well crafted into one big progression circle. The progression is simple and easy to comprehend, but exactly the right amount for a fast strategy game like this.Closing WordsI love strategy games, no longer hardcore, but ""normal"" ones like Civ. And yes, this game isn't for me, at least not for that part of me. It can't fuel a strategy addiction with dozens of hours, but Starships never wanted to! It tries to offer tactics&strategy to casual and short-time players; Or old ones, who can only relive the old days for one hour or two at a time.It deserves a place on the gaming market, but right now it is drowned in negative reviews of players, who expected something else.Please understand, that Starships weaknesses are a strength to a lot of gamers out there. Give them a chance to find it!"
,Not Recommended,282210,14927393,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Werelock,"I hate to say it, but this game is simplytoosimple.  It is the strategorical equivalent of Monopoly.  Yes, it's light, it's simple, and the tactical battles can be a little fun.  But there is no real resource management or troop management or build management.  Everything you want to build, is built instantly on your turn.  New ships, ship upgrades, planetary upgrades, cities, even wonders.  If you have the resources, you could win by building a ton of cities or wonders in a handful of turns.  There are no tough decisions about building 5 small units or planetary upgrades instantly or building 1 large unit or wonder that will take a few turns to generate.  All of my turns devolved into - have energy, build/upgrade my fleet - DONE!  Have food?  Add cities.  Have science?  Research something - BOOM, added to all your ships or planets.  It is waywaytoo simple.If they ever add multiplayer, itmightmightgive this some more potential.  As it is, skip it if you truly enjoy 4x games.  I feel I get more strategy from Clash of Clans than Starships...and for a Firaxis and Sid Meier title, that is a deplorable thing to consider."
76561198025111262,Not Recommended,282210,14918267,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,archer,"A number of reviews have underscored that the game plays as a tablet/smartphone game.And unfortunately, it's true. It does feel like you're playing a 3€ indie iOS game. Unfortunately, what I purchased was theoretically a 15€ PC game from a major PC game studio.The game, per se, isn't too bad. But it is definitively not worth the current price. Wait until it's a 80% steam sale. Uninstalled here after 1 hour."
76561198079639716,Not Recommended,282210,14855373,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,RisingStorm,"I like to say this first I have never done a review before so please be nice .(for those of you who things this is going to be a sid meiers verson of galactic civilizations you will be disapointed )Now I do like the game its a good little expansion on the Civilization: Beyond Earth but it should of been on a tablet not PC as it lacks a lot in areas most PC sid Meier games don't.""Tactical Space Combat: Encounter unique tactical challenges in every mission"" not really you just face 2/3 ships at most which  just charge you so all do you is get fighters then swam them instant win also there's no fog of war so you see every step they do  and so do they which means  cant ambush them, flank or do any strategic movements BTW don't worry about losing all you ships as all that happens is they send back to a non enemy planet and just needs repairing""dynamically generated maps""  consist of about  few dozen asteroids hex in a random cluster in groups  here and there that only take a small % of damage away from the attack, a planet which does nothing but block your shoot , worm holes that's not needed really as you cant go through them and use the asteroids as cover since they allow the shoot anyway and a passage way through asteroids  that no point in using as there's little benefit for using them.""victory conditions"" are the same 4 as always domination, population , wonders,  science  BTW if you want to do no victory conditions you cant and  you have to pick one and if you want to keep playing you cant its returns you to menu.""foes""  did 12 battles before I got bored which  10 of had the same ships and 2 had the same but with one extra new type of ship but little was different same lets charge tactic same weapons and modules just looks different.""Fully Customisable Starships"" no I say wouldn't say fully as all you do is choose modules that constant of 9 things engines, shields, armour, lasers(long range,) plasma(close range),  torpedoes, (that are useless since they take 2/3 turns to get where you want but by then your target has  moved far away and cant change path to him them) sensors, stealth, fighters (which are all the same ) and you cant paint  them  or rename the ships and there's little different when you upgrade the modules they just get little bigger .Also all you get is corvette that have different names and start stats such as fast corvette that starts with a little boost to speed""Diplomacy"" for not major factions are all the same kill/protect this for this rewards and  influence so that they join your federation for major factions is very stupid you ask them about their cooperative and they tell you their population the ships they have which modules they have so you can very easily keep a eye on what they r doing with no spies ask them about their territories they tell you what planets they are targeting what they have in both resources and planets then you ask them what they done they tell you everything from what research they done to what repairs they done and  then its I like you lets be friends and then end call there's no treaties that I found after 20 turns""Strategy"" I do this for the galaxy map.  You have only one fleet  so attacking in multiple areas is a no so you just pick a target that you can move to so that you can win .""Exploration"" is not possible as it works on planet jump system where you go from planet to planet which  when  ever you go to a planet you have to do a mission they set or you go back to the last planet you was on""Expand the influence of your Federation and gain the trust of the citizens of new planets."" do 4 missions they join you that's it""Use the unique abilities of the each planet""  are just higher production in one area not amazing and basic need for a game such as this""Fight pirates, protect colony ships, destroy rogue AI and more""can be summed up asfight the same ships, protect same ships  form a faction from the same ships of the pirates , destroy a ball that looks like a eye and repeat""Multiple Paths To Victory"" there's 4to shorten the review its a  pc game that will end up being a tablet game by then end of next week"
76561198006329309,Not Recommended,282210,14859198,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dwaldor,"I don't usually write reviews, but in this case I needed to make an exception.97 minutes.Yep, that's how long it took to start up the game, futz around with it a bit looking for settings, reading the options for your new commander and then win.I know - it's a bit slow, but in my defense, I did actually read the initial missions thinking there would be something deeper there.  There isn't.Get enough energy to build your ships up to battleships, take enemy home planet (which gives you instantly everything they own) and rinse / repeat for however many players there are.  No need to build wonders, cities, or anything else meaningful (though I did waste at least half of that 97 minutes doing just that thinking it would matter.)Makes you wonder as to the replay value, though I suppose if I'm truly bored I can try a variety of the missions just to try them out.Sorry, Sid.  For as much entertainment your games have provided me over the years - this one just plain stinks."
76561197978094686,Not Recommended,282210,14928404,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ctl0ve,"A board game set in space with Sid Meier's name attached. As far as board games go it's decent, if repetitive. But as a game bearing the brand of Sid Meier... well, it's lackluster. It doesn't have the strategic depth of the Civilization series nor does it have those little details that draw you into the game world being portrayed, like Pirates did. Starships felt like something an indie studio would have done and I would have been pleased purchasing this game as a $4 iPad app. But with the expectations of a Sid Meier game, well, it left a bad taste in my mouth."
76561197970643146,Not Recommended,282210,14941613,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Richard Cockburn,"Pros: It's a cheap DLC package essentially.Cons: The games are so short when playing against the computer, it almost makes no sense. It's mind-numbingly repetative tasks and very little in the way of actual gameplay. You basically have a small, static technology tree that you invest credits into. You have planets that you perform very basic tasks with and you essentially fly around the galaxy map as quickly as possible to friend or conquer as many planets as you can to win the game. The game seems very broken too. EPIC maps are fairly small and picking a victory condition seems to have no bearing on the ending at all. I've lost a number of games now where I picked domination as the victory and computer players have beaten me building wonders or having large populations despite not controlling most of the galaxy. Games rarely last 30 minutes or more. When you capture a number of planets, there is no central management screen, so you have to hop from planet to planet to build new cities or other improvements. It's really not what I expected. If you want a starship game, with control of resources, ship customization, civilization customizations and deep technology trees, then find Master of Orion III or Endless Space. This felt like a really cheap, unfinished knockoff of past, great titles and thankfully I only spent $14 on such a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,282210,14858289,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Comr4de,"I don't even know where to start with this one. I bought this one being a space-game junkie and a Sid Meier fan. I don't know what I expectedLet's start with the menu options. Namely the settings. Is there a resolution setting? There is not. Is there a LOD setting? There is not. Is there Vsync, or literally ANYTHING ELSE FOR THAT MATTER to optimize graphics? There is not.The only settings you can change is the volume. Unbelievable.Let's talk about the gameplay. This is so very obviously a mobile title hastily ported over to PC/Mac. There is no avoiding it. The simplistic GUI/gameplay mechanics drive this point home. Most of the core civ mechanics are there, like... building improvements and wonders. And resources.Another thing I found odd (probably a holdover from it being a mobile port) is that you(or AI) can only control one fleet at a time. Greeeaaaat. The combat is fun but not very solid. You upgrade your ships with energy that you get each game turn. However, as the game goes on, combat becomes exceedingly easier.Capturing a capital causes you to annex the ENTIRE opposing empire. Not a percentage of it. ALL of it. Meaning that you can achieve victory VERY quickly. My first playthrough on hard only lasted two hours(!). My quickest Civ 5 playthrough EVER was 6.Also of note is that my computer crashed twice while playing the game. Not the game, the actual computer had a kernel panic.My final, most egregious sin that I found in this game is that it is a Sid Meier gamewithouta ""One more turn..."" option.I canot recommend this game in any way. It is a pure cash grab."
76561198055979170,Recommended,282210,17476171,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,killerbee,"This game is not supposed to be like Civilization.There I said it.People are worked up about how shallw the gameplay is, but it was never meant to be a major release from Firaxis. The development team was small and the resources are definatly not on the level of Civilization or XCOM. It is a fun strategy game though, with easy games taking about 2 hours to play. I don't plan on putting a lot of time into this game, but it is fine for what it is."
76561197996573674,Not Recommended,282210,14917335,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Alex10301,"I know civilisation and games related to civilisation start out simple and boring, but i think this takes it to a new level.The settings screen is just 3 volume changers and a fullscreen button...There is no advanced game settings like Beyond Earth or Civ 5 that you can use to change map settings, specific AI's, etc...The missions and turn-based space combat is good though and kept me interested for a bit.Overall i would recommend not buying until there has been some major updates to improve the whole game and make it more interesting, like Beyond Earth"
76561198034397003,Recommended,282210,15397885,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,switt1313,"Overall I would recommend this game, not without a couple of warnings though.The game is fun to play and I'm sure to play it many more times... but there is also the first problem. It is a very short game. Personally I prefer the long drawn out building style or grand strategy games. This game can often be brought to conclusion (win or lose) in less than two hours, which for my personal taste is about two or three hundred hours too short ;) You are limited to one fleet which also makes it a bit too easy (no need to choose where precious resources are used)The other problem that ties in with the above is that it then also tends to get quite redundant quite quickly (which does not mean it cannot still be fun! - I do have a lot of fun with it). There is a limited number of missions, which although randomized by the terrain do tend to be ""always the same"".  There is always a ""Pirate Homeworld"" and a ""Marauder Homeworld"". And since there tends to be very limited time you can't really get much into planing long detailed ""reasearch paths"", because the game will be over long before you reach your goal. Part of this can be alleviated by playing a domination game, but even then time will still be very limited.So in conclusion:Fun to play (thus the thumbs up).But way too short."
76561198000409451,Not Recommended,282210,14857238,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,OmeletteDuCyka,"I've seen better tablet games on google store. Either Sid Meyer's is getting old and crazy, or he's getting greedy. I'd be ashamed to have my name right next to a game like this sold 15 EUR"
,Not Recommended,282210,14927967,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,steppenwolf,"I am a huge Sid Meier's and Civilization fan, and I am even one of few people who really like Beyond Earth.That said, it makes me sad to admit that I do not recommend this game.Starships is a short, mostly boring, choppy game that constantly lags and crashes. It would be alright on mobile if it were cheaper. For PC, and for the listed price, for what you are getting and the unreliable quality of the gameplay, it is not worth $15."
,Not Recommended,282210,15935403,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Extremist_Pain,"not a very immersive game. its replayable, but very limited in this regard. no depth exists, and it was clearly an attempt to break into the mobile market, which was screwed up with the apple only. this permitted the launch to exclude many players who now get the chance to read our reviews and not make the same mistake we made. buy it only if it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,282210,14854489,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,[BKNE] MrAconter,"To be honest, this game is fun for a short while but that's it, it really lacks something to keep you playing, so i say its not even close to be worth 14,99€"
,Not Recommended,282210,20524574,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ravenblade,"It's essentially a mobile game ported to PC and an offshoot of Civilization:Beyond Earth. From the settings, over the game setup down to the entire gameplay concept the game feels very light in terms of substance. You control a fleet and send it around the map to take over planets via tactical combat. You develop planets and do research. There is diplomacy, a market system and different victory conditions.You may now think:This is wonderful! Exactly what I am expecting from a turnbased strategy game!Unfortunately, since it's a mobile port, the game lacks in all mentioned aspects.The AI in tactical combat is not very clever and can be easily outmaneuvered, leading to repetitive combat making it, due to the lack of auto-combat, appearing like a chore after a while since scenarios differ very little. This cannot be offset at any time by the fact that you can customize your ships even though even that feels a little bland as it's more or less pushing weapons and speed to the maximum of level of 8 for each ship. Your ships also do not get destroyed per se but only suffer from repairable damage and based on random chance may also level up.Planet development is based on four resources (metal, food, research and cash). Each resource has a resort function, food allows you to spam cities which in return allow higher production of all resources, metal allows you to build a select few different buildings up to an amount of 8. Research allows you to tech certain aspects of your ship up to a level of 6 while cash is solely used to upgrade different modules of your ships whereas ship class is almost meaningless as each ship has exact the same amount and type of modules.The diplomacy system is as deep as billboard and the market system at some point a pain to use due to static and low exchange rates.Even though overall gameplay can be further tweaked through selection of affinities, victory types, difficulty level, map size and number of opponents I find its replayability degrading quickly. You are in fact better off playing a better space combat sim or just BE(RT).Overall the game can be quickly summarized and in terms of essentially being a mobile game: its gameplay depth and replayability is far lower than say Fallout Shelter is and that one, despite also being a different genre, is free.I don't expect much depth from a low-budget PC game but there are better choices for 14.99 €. I suggest not to buy it outside special sales events at a maximum of 7.49 €. If you are a hardcore TBS player I would skip it really unless you really feel the need to unlock those traits for BE(RT).Firaxis can do better but this game is really not adding anything positive to the genre, at least not on PC."
76561198035289955,Not Recommended,282210,14859023,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Sound&Fury,"I really wanted to like this game.I have loved every previous Civ game released.Sid Meier's Starships wouldn't be worth downloading if it were an app for an iPhone.No multiplayer, no replayibility, and a massive waste of my $15.I don't even care that I threw away money on this waste of time, I'm just disapointed given what it could have been as compared to what it was.I suppose this is what happens when you are naive enough to purchase a game based on previous brand goodwill alone."
76561198008054658,Not Recommended,282210,16102180,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,jacobpovlich,"The other negative reviewers have it right. The mechanics of the battles are very simple and don't provide much need for innovation or strategy and it quickly becomes a grindfest after 5-10 hrs. of game play. Similarly, the tech trees are all very linear. Races don't feel different. Your play style will remain largely the same with each. Those hoping for the thrill of the Civ games in a space/tech setting will be disappointed."
,Recommended,282210,29959448,Posted: 16 February,all,Bhard the Tryhard,"Short game with limited replayability. I still enjoyed it. I wouldn't pay full price for it but if you can get it on sale for $5.00 or so then I would recommend it for sure. It's not a bad game, but it lacks depth in my opinion.The game continues the story from Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth, where the original colonists of the planet have advanced down three possible paths. You get to choose one of the same three paths in Beyond Earth in this game as well, only in space this time with spaceships. This affects the cosmetics on your ships as well as a few other things. You are also able to choose from a variety of different leaders which give a unique starting bonus. One of these bonuses that I love is the one that gives you a second starting ship, since you only start with one.After you choose your starting conditions and possible victory conditions (there are many ranging from population, to even domination.), you then jump into the game. It's quite easy to win even on hard difficulties. The player takes their ship to a neutral planet in an attempt to make the planet join their side. After a few missions (that you have to pass), they join you, but don't think you can just go and take it with no competition. Your ship/ships have limited movements, so choose which planets you want to take wisely. Other civilizations will try to compete against you for the neutral planets until there are basically none left, leaving only one way to expand. Domination. Or you could just win a different type of victory by then and have the game end, it's quite possible.Combat is quite easy, as long as you don't throw all of your ships into the grinder to get shredded apart. Your ship can use a variety of different methods for combat such as hangars, long range weapons, short range weapons, and other utility items such as a cloaking device or a scanner. The problem is that if you have enough supplies to upgrade your ships to be overpowered, then you will be unstoppable. Resources are quite easy to get too, so that means overpowered ships are as well. So you could just win the game with one ship if you really wanted to, instead of making a ton of ships. Do this by getting a max level hangar and spitting out little fighters to wreck your enemies.There is also diplomacy in this game, so feel free to explore that option as well. You can befriend others and team up to take down another, or force others to give you resources or ship upgrades. Last but not least I will mention this: each planet has upgrades that you can do to increase resource production, population, etc. Most planets also have great wonders you can build that give (sometimes overpowered) upgrades to your ships depending on your playstyle. Some upgrades could be useless to you if you don't want to use a certain thing.Basically, if you aren't a fan of easy games I'd avoid this, but I still enjoyed my experience with it. I'd give it a 5/10."
,Recommended,282210,15649850,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dan,"This game is classic Sid Meier's - its not Civ - nothing like Civ.  To me, Sid did not disappoint with this title.   I probably should have played Beyond Earth first (bought them in a bundle), but for now, I'm having too much fun with this game.Overall:Lovely little game.Play time:Few hours per game - sometimes it finishes before I'd like.Complexity:Pretty simple.  Learn the few basics and you are good to go.Replayability:Can see it get boring fast.Graphics:Nothing spectacular.  Quite immersive at a 4K resolution.Multiplayer:None.  I wish there was.Glitches/Bugs:Next to none - the screen shakes too long when your ships are destroyed.  That's it.Stability:Perfectly stable for me.  No hangups or crashes at all.It should be calledSid Meier's Starships!(with an exclamaation).  The simple game depth and design reminds me more of Pirates! and Railroads! ... all quick little games that are great fun."
76561197996907339,Not Recommended,282210,14854912,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Reed,"It is a cute little game. Certainly worth being an app, but as a PC game it is a huge let down! Twice in a row for Civ."
76561198006987657,Not Recommended,282210,30430617,Posted: 10 March,all,Mad Canuck,"Simply boring and a waste of money. I would have expected MUCH better from a Sid Meier title especially one with loads of potential.Likes:1. It was cheap.2. It's pretty and,3. The music is ok :)4. I kinda like the interface?!Dislikes:1. ZERO customization. ZERO!2. the 3 factions are exactly the same, just with different art and laughable back story.3. I don't remember if they even changed the names of the faction leaders?!?I could go on but I just can't be any more not interested. Next time guys send me a message and I will write the back story for free :D"
,Not Recommended,282210,14860299,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Haggard Sauce,"As others wisely said (sadly, after it was too late for me) Avoid this pitfall of a game. This has got to be by far the dumbest-downed Sid Meier's game in history. Let me just list some things this game lacks that are just inexcusable in this age of gaming, no matter the price:1. Any form of Diplomacy or for that matter, interaction with other factions and AI players.2. The tutorial is hilariously lacking, even as a Civ 5/BE player with well over 1000 hours I struggled to understand what all I had to do and how to control the game both in battle and out of battle.3. Customization of your units by picking Harmony, Supremacy, or Purity at the beginning of the game ends there4. Basic information in tool tips is non existent5. Graphic Settings. Yes, that's right, there are absolutely no graphic settings. No resolution, no v-sync, heck you can't even change the brightness of the game. The only setting is full screen or not.6. Auto-Saves. Yep, there is no autosaves in the game, and no options to turn it onLoading from an In-Progress game. Made a mistake and want to reload? Sorry, exit to main menu and reload.7. Balancing is non-existent. On hard mode, factions will declare war with you within 5 turns of the game starting and will have ships that do ten times the damage yours are capable of. They will also take all of the planets possible, leaving you no resources to upgrade after your first turn.8. Settings in general are missing entirely. No key bindings, no controls explanation, no sound adjustments beyond volume level, no game customization beyond Race, Bonus, and opponents.Honestly, Beyond Earth stripped away dozens of features and I thought that this game was thier answer, that this would plug the gaping holes in thier most recent 4x Game. Unfortunately, they stripped it down even further to it's barest of bones, literally leaving you with a game so very simple that you can play with one hand on your mouse as you beat your head with a hammer held by the other hand for buying this game.Do not buy this game unless it's in the $2-$4 range, I'm not kidding, it's that terrible."
76561198038617953,Not Recommended,282210,14858492,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,gamihai,"Game ran well for me. I pre-ordered and started playing 5 minutes after it was enabled on Steam.I am a huge fan of 4x , TBS and Sid Meier ...but this game is not worth 15 EUR . A price tag of 5 EUR would be ok for it and advertised as a DLC for CIV: BE . As a standalone game it sucks and is the first Sid Meier game that completly lacks 'One More Turn' effect :( .My First campaign was a fiasco. I had 40%+ domintation and suddenly an AI did a wonder victory. I don't know how, what a wonder victory means or how it is achieved. The game gives you no information on stuff like that. Also there are no options inside the game.Overall it feels like a crapy game. I have seen better games done by advertising campaigns for some random products."
76561198045122389,Not Recommended,282210,14928489,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Shadowtech629,"Unfortuanely for now, I can not recommend this game. It is very buggy, and very prone to random close outs during gameplay. In addition, upon restarting the game, it fails to load.Until these bugs are fixed, it isn't quite worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,282210,15003874,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,WskOsc,"Review fromWhiskey ReviewsSid Meier's name has become a stamp of instant approval over the years, ever since Pirates! we've accepted it as a seal of quality on Civilization games. Beyond Earth was hugely disappointing, so can the follow-up mend Sid's damaged appeal or is it time to hit end turn? Follow the link to find out.Lets be upfront; Starships is a huge disappointment. Like a good PC gamer the first thing you'll want to do is hit the options button and change resolution and bindings and the like; good luck getting any of that. The game is simply full screen or windowed, though you can resize the window it has the feel of playing a tablet game on your PC - and I've looked favourably upon many a tablet/phone port in the past but Starships stinks of lazy.It's not a bad looking game, resembling Civ 5 on medium settings but tough♥♥♥♥♥♥if your PC can't handle it because there's no graphical quality options to tinker with.While we're being upfront, there's no multiplayer either. If you're mainly a Civ multiplayer person then you'll probably want to skip right to the score and replace whatever number I pick with a big fat zero.The most thrilling Starships ever gets.That feeling doesn't subside with the actual gameplay either, you have one fleet of starships that you can upgrade and move around a randomly generated map. You can build more ships but they always go into this one fleet and no matter how much you upgrade them they're always one of a couple of classes and strategy is rather basic.Like Civilization combat takes place on a hexagonal grid, this time littered with asteroid fields of varying density that you can hide behind and which will lower the power of or block your shots entirely. Unlike Civilization 5 weapons have gigantic ranges of half a dozen tiles or more and more than one unit can occupy the same tile, eliminating what few tactical advantages the hex grid system had.There's no point building a flimsy cruiser loaded down with torpedoes because the enemy can just shoot its long range lasers past your friendly units and take it down, for example.Your two main tactics come in the form of asteroids and stealth.Asteroids as previously mentioned will lower a shots power or block it entirely. It's not always a perfect solution but you can hide weaker ships behind partial asteroid fields and launch fast but flimsy fighters or torpedoes from safety.Stealth meanwhile is a game breaking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t button. Hitting the stealth button puts a ring around your ship, enemy ships have to get into this ring to detect your ship and fire upon it. It doesn't take many upgrades to bring this down to a one-hex or even half-hex size, making your ships almost entirely undetectable since the AI seems to forget sensors exist.Coupled with long range lasers, or even powerful short-range plasma weapons and you have a recipe for domination no matter what the odds. Throw in a wonder that allows you to enter stealth at no cost, activating it for free when you move which allows you to remain invisible and fire at the same time and you've got an instant win that'll allow as little as two or three moderately equipped ships to rampage across the galaxy freeing planets from your enemies influence often with no opposition as the AI attempts to preserve resources by not facing you for fear of being dominated.Remember that options screen from earlier?Some flavour is added to the combat via each encounter's random modifier, for example you might not be allowed to move directly right (referred to as ""east"" in game) or asteroid fields might disappear as the battle goes on, or shields might not work as well. They're minor, sometimes annoying and calling them flavour might have been a bit too generous because after four or five matches you'll stop reading them and just hit next.Second on the flavour menu is battle cards, again random effects that buff your fleet for varying effects; perhaps adding an extra shield level or allowing you to move two spaces further or even repairing your ships or damaging the enemies. They're useful in the right situation but I've gone whole campaigns without even using one, mainly because my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t stealth fleet was untouchable.Ooh! Choices! Those are the default selections by the way.The metagame is likewise light on stategy and content; you have crew morale/fatigue and that limits how many times you can move your fleet each turn. The idea being to jump between planets and secure influence to bring them into your empire in order to gain their resources and benefits.You do this by taking part in randomly selected missions for rewards. Having them randomly selected is nice but the serious lack of them, I think there's only about 7 or 8 in total, makes for a lot of repetition even in a medium sized galaxy let alone over multiple games. The missions generally come in three flavours; blow something up, run away, or play king of the hill with an AI too stupid to capture more than one of the points.One mission type I particularly hate, to the point that I let AIs actually take that planet and start a war to get it back later is the maze type. You either get limited sensor range or a limited number of turns and have to navigate a dense asteroid field set up like a maze, sometimes with enemies chasing you too. It's boring and stupid and if I wanted mazes I'd be playing a better game like Rogue, or Shining Force.Gameplay: Still not that good.Resources come in four flavours and have a single use each:Energy allows you to upgrade your ships or add new ones to the fleet.Metals allow you to buy planetary upgrades and build wonders.Food allows you to build cities, improving the resource generation of planets.Research allows you to research things (duh).Credits, lastly, are for buying the other resources via a Sins Of A Solar Empire style market.While I can't complain about the simplicity of the resource system, it does turn into a checklist of things to do every turn, since there's not much point holding onto anything because the diplomacy system might as well not exist so you may as well just dump everything into upgrading your own empire as soon as possible.The only resource you'll really put any thought into is energy, because it's used for repairing damaged ships you'll want to hold a little back each turn in case of a disastrous defeat or, more likely, a ding in the paintwork.Research is similarly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Wonders make a return too, not every planet has one but many do and they're expensive to build but confer a powerful and ride ranging set of bonuses upon your fleet, and only your fleet.Bonuses range from the almost useless Torpedo Boosters (extra torpedo move speed) to the must-have Cloaking (free and automatic stealth) or Fleet Tradition (fatigue doesn't lower your crew's performance), making your third battle per turn just as easy to win as the first.The problem with wonders is that they're also a victory condition, having seven of them is an instant win so if you're late grabbing territory the AI can score an easy victory over you but this also backfires spectacularly as you can just let them build the wonders then go in and start stealing them out from under their noses.Of course, it wouldn't be Starships if they didn't manage to ♥♥♥♥ up the implementation somehow. Wonders aren't the only victory condition, but you'd be forgiven for thinking they are because it's so easy to accidentally win a wonder victory. For example, if you're going for a domination victory (holding 51% of all the planets) you'll have to grab enemy territory and their wonders along with it which leads to accidentally hoarding seven of the bloody things and winning via the condition you didn't want.Too long for Steam: Read the rest athttp://wskosc.blogspot.co.uk"
,Not Recommended,282210,14909307,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Schweff,"Was fun, but way too simple. Completed 2 games over 14 hours of gameplay...where's the Civilisation week-long investment?A common complaint these days, games just feel rushed out without time to think the gameplay experience through.Mid-end game combat ends up a walk in the park, and so I found the only tense moments are in the first dozen turns...and the diplomacy system is laughable - just 'war' or 'not war'. Where's the tech exchange? Treaties? Backstabbings? Alliances? Trade? Nope just that on or off switch...When only 0.7% of players have had their homeworld attacked, you know something's gone wrong.(there's an achievement for it ...and it actually shows only 0.7% of players have been awarded it)"
76561197987595186,Not Recommended,282210,14924572,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,www.freedomfilm.com,"Maybe for 5 dollars on the iPad I'd give it a thumbs up. Maybe. But it simple doesn't have the depth or features one would expect with  the name Sid Meier attached.Cool concept, but overly simple and lacking in character. Very very repetitive, with limited features. Clearly designed for tablets and not a true ""PC"" game.If this is your type of game, I'd look at Endless Space (especially on sale) or something similar first."
,Recommended,282210,23496884,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,MechPilot524,"I think people were expecting a lot more from this game than what this game really is. It's just a little twiddle exploring one of Sid Meier's ideas. I can beat an ""epic"" difficult campaign in a matter of hours - my 26 hours as of this review has already put me through multiple campaigns. And in XCOM or Civilizations, I'd normally be maybe halfway through. And it's a spinoff of the Civilization Beyond Earth games - which are okay in their own right but thankfully the real Civilization games are still being actively developed.- Graphics? What graphics. They get the job done, though, and the engine's fairly optimized (Not completely stable, but optimized) so even paper PCs will run it well. And there's no finnagling with the UI, for the most part.- The ships are interesting at first until you understand just how simple they are. It's easy to learn, easy to pick up, and easy to exploit - perhaps too easy.- Combat is really simple - if you don't splurge on turn-based strategy games it might even be interesting, intriguing. There are a few options available to you - long-range laser sniper, hive mind swarmer with fighters, or close range facepuncher with plasma cannons. But compared to a game like XCOM, which has many small intricacies and almost nothing is certain (everything is certain in Starships, believe me, the only random action in a fight is whatever the AI does), Starships really does fade in comparison. You always know what's going to happen, and it happens the same way every time. It really hurts the replayability when you know the same thing that happened last campaign will probably happen again, even on the harder difficulties.- I consider the difference between tactics and strategy as follows: Tactics is being able to whoop someone's♥♥♥♥♥ whereas strategy is putting yourself in a great position to whoop someone's♥♥♥♥♥ That being said I think while the strategy level is just as simple as setting up your ships, the actions you take in the galaxy have a direct and tangible effect on the battlefields. For instance, you can't really be a great carrier swarmer without having Tight Squeeze, Hyperlaunch and Dual Command wonders built and AI modules researched to make the fighters worth something instead of just bait. You can't cover your ships in plasma cannons, engines and shields without having the planets to produce your energy, or which specialize in building said equipment for cheap. So the benefits to good strategy are there. But, like almost everything else, it's just really simple.It's difficult for me to recommend this game, it really is, because of what people will want and how simple this game is. I'm half-convinced that the main target platform for this game is the mobile platform - this would probably be a great mobile game, and it's just so underwhelming for a PC.But for what it is, it's a nice little gem to me, worth a few dozen hours. In the end I won't try to dissuade you from buying it, particularly if it's on sale. Even though feedback is bad, I want a bigger, badder, more complex version of this game that we can really sink our teeth into. Something that can stand proudly by Civ and XCOM. Even if it does have to sprout off Beyond Earth."
76561198005866421,Not Recommended,282210,14861332,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Davidklk,"What a great mobile gameWhat a disappointing PC gameVery superficial. You can't even go fullscreen. Looks and feels designed to be played in short bursts, without much depth or thinking required. Perfect for playing on the go. Not so much when you're looking for a sid meyer's strategy game.Wish I could get a refund and pick it up on a tablet instead."
76561198018651424,Not Recommended,282210,14861223,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,LostToTheZone,"1/10, I didnt get $15 worth of entertainment. Im normally forgiving with games, and Naval warfare (scifi or otherwise) is my addiction, along with 3X games so this one should have been right up my alley. If facing mattered and getting broadsides and crazy boarding actions were features Id be too busy playing to talk about it.This was fun for a few minutes then once the whole universe was revealed I felt so underwelmed.UI is tough to read at timesAI characters have as much personality as a loaf of breadNo tech-treeNo real tutorialTons of repeated dialogPoor AI PathingPLAYED FOR 2 HOURS AND NOT A SINGLE CONFRONTATION AGAINT AI!?!"
76561198077928075,Not Recommended,282210,14953067,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,peachJuice [CZ],i expected a bit more from this.... even civilization from 1991 was more fun and more complex.... shame Sid :(
,Not Recommended,282210,14859719,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,DigitalSedition,"I rarely write reviews so that should tell you a bit about the emotion I have for it. This is one of the most INCOMPLETE games I've ever played. There are some pieces of genius within this system, but they are hidden by a completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fleet management system, a stripped down research and upgrade system, a planetary management system that is just ""for show"" and a tech tree/wonder system that could be entirely missing and have the same impact on the game as this one. Don't even get me started on the victory system. While this isn't as bad as the abomination that was the spreadsheet simulator MOO3 - this is close enough to bring it up within this context.Clearly there was a lot of thought going into the creation of this game, but it just never comes together in any cohesive way. If you thought that Beyond Earth needed work or never delivered on its promise, stay far far far away from this demoware/proof of concept masquerading as a game. I'm surprised Sid Meier let his name be associated with it."
,Recommended,282210,31053242,Posted: 9 April,all,JadeMason,"This is a tough game to boil down to a simple Yes/No recommendation.  It's not full Civ.  I wouldn't even call it Civ Light.  So what is it?  Imagine you took all of the hexes that weren't cities out of a Civ map. Then convert those cities to planets and change the background from surface map to a star field.  Now, eliminate all of the units from the map except for one.  On your turn you may move this one unit (which is actually composed of multiple starships) from the planet it is on to an adjacent planet for a ""crew exhaustion"" cost. Once it arrives you will engage in one of a handful of templated battles: destroy the enemy fleet, survive for 5 turns, escort a ship to a warp point, prevent an enemy ship from reaching a warp point, capture the resource point, and so on.  You'll see exactly what you are running up against in the mission preparation screen.  When you succeed in the mission you will receive between 1-4 ""influence"" with that planet.  Once you've reach a full 4 influence, the planet aligns with you and becomes part of your empire.  You'll typically have enough ""exhaustion points"" to engage in at least two missions per turn.The missions themselves are turned based tactical battles.  You can upgrade your existing starships with features like torpedoes, improved long range lasers, short range weapons, deployable fighter ships, stealth cloaking, and more.  The more features you load on a ship the slower it gets, so you'll also be pumping points into your engines to keep your range up.  You'll eventually want to purchase additional ships, but don't go overboard because not every mission will allow you to bring your full fleet.  Once the mission begins you'll find yourself on a new hex field cluttered with planets and asteroids that block movement and weapons, ""Narrow Passages"" are gaps that toggle open and shut between some asteroid sections. There are also warp fields randomly littered around the mission area, and random is truly the word because if you move into one you will be warped to the location of another random warp field.  This can be really frustrating, as you have no control over where you come out, and you can sometimes step on one when not paying attention to your ships pathing.  Each ship will have a set number of movement points and may take one action per turn, whether that is firing a torpedo (which is a special type of timed weapon), shooting directly at an enemy, engaging a cloaking field, or detecting cloaked ships.  Battles quickly become repetitious as you maneuver behind a ship, fire, and move away.Planets you have influence with you may modify.  You can add more cities to improve their population and production. You may build improvements which increase production of certain commodities: science, energy, metal, and so on.  Planets within your empire can have Wonders constructed which provide unique advantages.This probably sounds very similar to Civ, and it is.  However, in Civ, especially on harder difficulty levels, you can easily improve a city into weakness.  You have to carefully balance your improvements, purchases, science, and so on.  In Starships you would need to make an effort to build your way into weakness.  On the contrary, the game seems built to provide unbalanced advantages to you.  Unlike Civ where you can only reach higher tiers on tech tree after fulfilling a set number of base technologies, in Starships you are free to Min/Max the techs.  Want to quickly annihlate your opponents? Spend all of your science points on upgrading torpedos and outfit your ships with multiple torpedos.  Each mission will be a breeze.You declare victory in the game in one of four ways: Population (over 50% of the total galactic population is yours), Domination (last player standing), Science (have three Lvl 6 techs), and Wonder (control 9 wonders).  Population is definitely the easiest of the conditions to meet.  Once you win, you're done.  There is no ""Just one more turn"" option.Starships lacks the depth of a full Civ game, intentionally so.  So where does this game fit in your game library? Steam often has sales for Civ V that discount the game to $5, so I can't recommend Starships at full price with a straight face. On sale for a few bucks, though, and Starships might have a niche spot.  You can play a campaign in just a few hours without spending too much thought on it. Have a long conference call that you need to be on? Starships in the background would be a fine distraction.  It doesn't replace full Civ, but it also won't keep you up until the wee hours of the morning."
,Not Recommended,282210,14861186,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ThorBear22,"I expected more from Sid... this is a kinda fun, super simplistic tablet game. Nothing separates this $15 dollar game from similar (and often better) $2.99 games in the App Store. If that's what you're looking for and you've got money to burn, knock yourself out... otherwise this is not what you want."
76561198018733768,Recommended,282210,29126234,Posted: 8 January,all,Kaiser Sousse,"TLDR:Fast-paced, single-player, turn-based game.  More like ""Galactic Civilizations"" lite, than ""Alpha Centauri"" or any of the Civs.  Graphics and music are ok, gameplay is fun enough, but the user interface sometimes leaves you swearing at the monitor in an alien language.  I like the game, but was surprised it was a Firaxis title (lacked their typical depth and polish).Pros:+ Unique features add a nice twist+ Decent AI in the game's begining+ Some story and mission variety+ Immersive graphics and music+ Dynamic strategic/tactical mapsMids:* No tutorial (but not hard to learn)* In-game help (encyclopedia) is eh* Limited to 1 fleet (max 8 ships)* Not really a 4x - lacks real control* iOS port; VERY limited settingsCons:- Interface limited and frustrating- Some weird graphic glitches- Diplomacy is a joke - war/peace- Almost no data, lists, or charts- Big mid-game ""steamroll"" effectConclusion:Can't say I don't like the game, as I have enjoyed playing it.  I am however glad that I didn't pay much for it (I'd easily recommend it if you're able to grab it on sale for $7.50 or less).Kinda surprised this was a Firaxis game.  It's fun and all (graphics and music help to make you feel the way you'd expect to when playing a space game), but there is SOOOO much more that could have been there but isn't (list of planets and cities, charts showing ships, ability to make more than one fleet, less kludgy interface, etc.).Consider this a mildly enthusiastic thumbs up (would probably be  ""Thumbs Sideways"" if Steam allowed for the option)."
76561198035516926,Not Recommended,282210,15882557,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,scarr805,"I've been playing Sid Meier's games for a long long time. They ARE basically what I look for in a PC game and have brought me years of enjoyment. Now we have Sid Meier's Starships, which I'd been waiting for excitedly after the surprisingly great jump to space in Beyond Earth. Unfortunately this game is absolutely horrible. The game lacks that compelling desire its predecessors have to play and defeat it in all ways possible, or even explore the game or the world(s) within, because the interface is awful and the ""story"" throws you into space to do unexplained busy work. I can't begin to explain how this shook the foundations of what I believe to be the fundamental truths of the video game industry. This is coming from a fan who continued to play your games after my brother fell dead at his computer, due to a medical complication, and it just so happened he was playing Alpha Centauri when he passed. I never brought myself to play Alpha Centauri again, but I'd be real sad if he had died playing this pour excuse for a game. I hope you think real hard before putting your name on any product again. I think your time may have passed.Sincerely,Formerly one of your biggest fans,Steven R. Carr"
76561197960287617,Not Recommended,282210,14862073,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Kehldon,"This is a really casual game that would be very suitable for a tablet and the tv sofa.For us veteran PC players that were expecting a Sid Meier Civ kind of game with a strategic depth and some added roleplaying parts, wraped in starship wrapping, its a disapointment.The game itself is not bad, but I was expecting more."
76561198035681645,Not Recommended,282210,14870603,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Patchadams,It's still buggy and crashes ever now and then.  Also the no option to continue play after the end is not a good idea.
,Not Recommended,282210,14858859,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,LuNiS,Horrible game. A disgrace to the franchise. Doesn't even have coop. Graphics might be ok but gameplay is anything but. Would not recommend wasting your money on it.
,Not Recommended,282210,14940098,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Skydragonace,"GAME BUGGED TO ALL HELL!!!! Devs give practically no help for those who can't even launch the game.  DO NOT BUY!!!!  Wait to hear if they ever release a patch to fix all the hundreds of crash issues.Known Crash Issues:Instant crash2 logo screens in and crashesAll video screens cause crashesRight before victoryAnd probably several others.  Wonder if the devs took money and ran.  I know this is relatively new, but this is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥you solve BEFORE LAUNCH!!!UPDATE:  Been several months after purchase (update on 5/20/2015), and game still refuses to launch.  Gets to the two logos, and doesn't work.  Great quality control there...."
,Not Recommended,282210,14935126,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,GnuHorn,"*sigh*  I've played several games at this point and feel that I have a really good handle on the AI in the game.  I *do* find the game enjoyable as a general time-waster, but the game is basically unfinished.  I really, really, really wanted to be able to recommend this game....  I honestly did, but as it stands right now the game is far too buggy, its rules too simplistic, its tactical combat far too imbalanced, and that results in an experience that is frustrating and extremely shallow.I've been playing on easy and, as expected, the AI hasn't really surprised me.  In 10 hours I haven't lost a single battle.  However, I've also lost every single game.  How can this be possible?!?  Well, it's because the victory condition system is horribly broken for the type of game this is (similar to how it's horribly broken in Beyond Earth, only worse).In every single case, I've been defeated by a Wonder victory.""Disable Wonder victories and just allow a Domination victory then!  Problem solved!""Yeah... that's what I've been doing, and it doesn't work.  So I decided to shift my tactics and aggressively go after building wonders... which worked until I got 65% of the galaxy and the rest of the enemies all spontaneously decided to join up together, resulting in a collective Wonder victory.I am literally cleaning the floor with the computer AI and it just declares victory with ... math.And that's possible because at its' heart, all this game is ... is a linear resource race.  Every. Single. Aspect of this game is a linear resource race... and victory would be entirely guaranteed if the Victory system wasn't totally broken.I really wanted to like this game.  I had really high hopes upon reading it and, like I said at the beginning, it's a fantastic time-waster... but the game needs more than bug fixes to solve its' issues.  It needs a rules and mechanics redesign, so I really can't recommend it.I guess at least I don't feel cheated.  I got almost 10 hours out of a $15 game and something should be said for that.  I think the people who worked on this game honestly cared about it, and I think the same is true for Beyond Earth... but ultimately I feel like I just keep dumping money into this franchise because Civ 5 was so darn amazing.  Unfortunately, Firaxis has been basically unable to live up to that triumph with both offerings.I hope that both Beyond Earth and Starships go through an overhaul to fix these massive issues... if that happens, I'll happily return and rewrite this review.Until that happens, I can't recommend Starships.  It's far too broken right now to do so."
76561198036215120,Recommended,282210,28877503,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,netherton,"After reading quite a few reviews of this game, it seems as if it is the reviewers expectations that missed rather than the game itself.  As a few others have said, if you want a big sprawling 4X then go play Civ or Beyond Earth.  This is exactly the game I wanted, sort of a Gilligan's Island (or How I Met Your Mother for the millenials) - mindless entertainment to let my head decompress after a day at work.  Yes, it has all of the complexity of an arcade game, but that is what makes it work.  The game controls are simple, the task is pretty obvious and there is just enough strategy to keep you playing time and time again.If you want a fun game to give you a 45min to 1 hour break from the world, you have to look a long time to find one better than this.   I just wish it ran on my laptop, but that is my problem, not the game developers."
,Not Recommended,282210,32494463,Posted: 16 June,all,tribaut,"Let me just say I've loved Sid since I was just a boy first getting into grand strategy/4X and when I heard the newest Civ game was going to space I just about squealed. Then came Starships which despite the negativity surrounding its initial launch I bought. It was a mistake.I find if I play a game for one hour per dollar it was worth it, its 15 dollars now and even at that price you'd be hard pressed in getting 15 hours out of this game its short, super short, even on the largest maps and longest settings, you cant control the victory conditions and the balance of combat and missions is off making certain missions really easy and others very difficult. cultivating planets feels superfluous, and having to back track to fully capture them just ends up breaking any flow they bring to 4X strategy. Its clunky, It's Unballanced its not worth the name.All I can say is, You broke my heart Sid. </3 </3 </3"
76561197996982051,Not Recommended,282210,14858883,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,davetomos,this game is a lot of fun but you go from easy to the very next up it is stuped it is like going from easy to hard core this needs evened out. i dont see how aney one could even play in hard without cheating. you would be dead by turn 3. and i can not use the plasma cannon at all.
76561198015593891,Not Recommended,282210,15014007,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jinx Striker,"Very good concept, great play through.  However, one glaring unexcusable problem.  Not long enough.  Right as you are getting really drawn in with the game, really starting to enjoy it.....  its over.  Boom, no more.  Game over.  Each play through once you figure out what you're doing (which takes 2-5 play throughs) takes at max 1 hr.  The potential for this is great.  The reality is a tease.... and I VERY much want to like it, but I feel dirty everytime I play it."
,Not Recommended,282210,14861811,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,16161d,"I will not write an extensive review of this game for a few reasons, one being that the problems with this game are already being vocally expressed, and secondly because I believe the game in it's current state is very incomplete and has the potential for change over the coming months if the developers are open to feedback and implementing it.I will probably just focus on the one thing that bothers me most about this game and that isImmersion.Civilization 5 is already universally accepted as being a great success in the Civ franchise, while lacking in some of the hardcore elements of the previous titles, it still makes for an enjoyable and immersive experience from start to finish, with engaging mechanics and DLC.Civ:BE - A game I wanted so much to fall in love with, being a huge fan of SMAC, lacked in new and engaging mechanics, and felt slightly hollow, despite it's somewhat empty nature I still found my experience with Beyond Earth to be fairly immersive, and this immersion is what drives me to commit a few hours to enjoying the games content.Now onto SM: Starships, unfortunately the immersion for this game ends not long after you've chosen your leader and faction, and gained your first territory, after that you begin to realise the game offers very little after that in terms of a feeling of progression, success or any kind of immersion in the world.I like the mechanics of how the missions are fought, I like turn based strategy games played on grids so I enjoyed these aspects somewhat, but found they were not very challenging or interesting enough to remain immersed in the action and cause of the game.The AI at this points seems fairly dead, they will make their presence known and then afterwards there isn't much diplomatic use for them. You will find at some point you're either going to have to betray your allies or make peace agreements with them which completely block you from travelling into or through their territory to reach new unclaimed planets, this can lead to you getting completely isolated and unable to progress.The game needs a lot of work, it has the workings of a great game, but it feels as if it hasn't been worked on enough yet, the UI needs to be more engaging and helpful, think back to Civ 4 and 5, while Civ 5 did not offer as much as Civ 4 did in terms of the advanced customization of how you can play the game, both titles gave you enough to build yourself an engaging and immersive experience. It seems the developers have been limiting that customizable freedom which has been such a defining feature of the Sid Meiers Franchise, starting with Civ: Beyond Earth and now with Starships, I hope the devs are able to look back to the past and remember what made their games so successful and work on keeping their reputation alive.One of the main criticisms of this game right now is that it feels more like a mobile app which is what it has also been released for, and right now it seems as if it has been limited more for the mobile app platform, rather than developed as a fully functioning game that can stand the test of time on both platforms. While smart to break into the booming market of mobile applications and mobile gaming, I feel they should of perhaps decided on either releasing a standalone mobile app, a desktop exclusive release, or simply put more effort into developing the game mechanics and elements further.At the moment I cannot recommend it, for the very simple reasons that I don't believe you will get much enjoyment out of it for too long in it's current state, and is certainly not worth it's current price in what it offers.I look forward to following where this game goes next, and what the supposed cross-game functionality with Beyond Earth will offer (it seems to me that whatever that feature is has not yet been released), but for now I'll be letting this one sit in my library."
76561198034258344,Recommended,282210,19592007,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Andy,"If you think of the Civ Series ""Beyond Earth"" as the ""meat and potatoes' of Sid Meier's 4X games, you can think of Starships as the ""snack food"" equivalent. Most people have had a beef with this Sid Meier spinoff game because it doesn't look or feel like any of his similar 4X games. This one is built for speed and playability, but still has depth if you want to go deeper on the building and resource explotation aspects. Most fans of the regular Sid Meier games who expect something like it in Starships aren't going to find it here. However, if  you take the game for what it is, a 4X lite game where you can jump in and finish a game in under a half-hour when you just want to jump in but don't want to play something that's going to suck you in for hours, it's quite satisfying.  It does have some downsides, the integration to Beyond Earth is kind of a throw away feature that seems like a a good idea never brought to fruition. In any case, I would still give this one ups if you want a ""Sid Meier's Light"" game in your collection you can play with a non-gamer cousin."
,Not Recommended,282210,14884415,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Pataties,"Basically a tablet game sold off of the back of Sid Meiers name.  The potential for a lot more game is in here.  If you want something that will occupy you for a few hours then go for it, if you're anticipating something with depth and replayability then avoid."
,Not Recommended,282210,14860197,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Doctah,"Overall, this is a good mobile game, 6/10 for PC. Unfortunately, it is not worth $15.00. I would pay maybe $5 for this.I'm just including the negatives, I had a good time play/learning but I don't think I'll be investing too much more time into this as it doesn't have the ""Yes I've won"" satisfaction of other strategy games I've played even though it has a really fun combat concept (execution was a bit off but you'll read why below). The ""grand strategy"" portion was very mobile-y which is okay since it never claimed to be anything more but a man can dream...What I didn't like:The game features only 8 leaders. The affinities from Beyond Earth are there but I didn't really notice a worthwhile impact of including them when it comes to gameplay.No tutorial, just ""this how things do"" page before the start of a game.Customizability of the ships is awesome but not reflected in gameplay (lack of clarity of weapons/shields, vision not really helpful).The wonders offer diverse spread of gameplay modifiers, however some are way more powerful than others and the planets determine what wonder is available so there is a luck factor involved (not bad, but annoying).Price scaling on techs/wonders didn't seem logical at all to me.In terms of combat gameplay, there are a few graphical glitches that were distracting but not hindering.No obvious tell of what weapon I would use in what situation, so I kinda just upgraded both (lasers and plasma cannons).Scanners and stealth didn't seem that relevant in combat unless the always active stealth wonder was owned.The lack of pre-battle deployment was the biggest negative of the combat. Sometimes my ""carrier"" type ship would be spawned on the frontlines with my ""corvette"" type ships in the back. Or the wonderful spawning of my destroyer with asteroids on 5 sides."
76561197996610838,Not Recommended,282210,14856722,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Quesa,"I didn't play any alpha or beta so I had no idea what I was doing.  Started a new game on Normal difficulty, barely did anything to my planets just beefed up my ships whenever I could...beat the game in ~45minutes with only losing a single planet after the first 2 turns.Not sure if lucky...or what...Very simple game, still not sure if it's even worth the $15."
76561197981744495,Recommended,282210,14982361,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Quinn FTW,"This game is skewed more towards casual play than hard core strategy gamers. It's like Civ Lite, almost. I've seen it compared to Pirates or other titles. What's important is this: the game is easy for a casual player to pick up. You can knock out a game in a few hours, or stretch it out by trying different victoty modes. I'm an old FASA tabletop player, so I really like that 2D combat grid system as it is implemented here. This is a Great Buy at the price (under $15 via Steam Sale.)"
,Not Recommended,282210,14941529,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,renegaderaccoon,"Waste of time, this ""game"" (more like a mini-game)  would only be worth 5 dollars. I've never been so dissapointed from a game of the Sid Meier's seriers."
76561197992629457,Not Recommended,282210,14859533,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,hurleybird,"Overly simplistic and repetitive. Doesn't really qualify as a 4X, but also doesn't work well as a space adventure. Works better as a casual mobile game, but even then there are mobile games that are far superior to this."
,Not Recommended,282210,30573246,Posted: 17 March,all,Ant-Paladino,"Would have expected MUUUUUCH better from a Sid Meier title especially one with all this of potential. Repetitive with limited replayability. You can try it, but don't pay the full price, wait for a sale;  use to play in a tablet, if possible. Bether buy Stellaris."
,Not Recommended,282210,14865830,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Wilson [MG],"Unless they vastly expand the content (for free), stay away from this one unless it's on sale for $5 or less.  It's got the depth of a tablet game, and a casual one at that, not a modern PC game.  You also can't change certain starting parameters like Victory Conditions for the AI, only yourself, so even the ""huge"" maps (which are actually very small) will only last a couple hours even if you're trying to draw out the game through a domination victory.The initial gameplay is actually quite fun, and the battles interesting, but you'll achieve everything possible within a couple hours at most and as soon as you realize that there's nothing new to discover about the game that initial excitement quickly fades.I squeezed 6.3 hours out of it and I'm not sure I'd play it again unless something changes.  Even for $15, that feels like a rip-off to me."
76561198035935249,Not Recommended,282210,32431088,Posted: 15 June,all,norsefurniture,"Pretty boring game, with no real technology tree.Just a quick money maker for Sid with no thought put onto it at allDO NOT RECOMMEND"
76561197982820187,Not Recommended,282210,14859902,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,michaelmerlin,"I wanted to like this game. I'd also like to, at some point, play this game. So far it can't play without crashing to desktop."
76561198009782677,Not Recommended,282210,14859503,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,sum_stupid_punk,"At this phase, its essentially a mobile app game on your pc."
76561198124142997,Not Recommended,282210,24641205,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,nallonby,"It's got the very basics of a good game, they just didn't bother finishing it or adding any polish. Disappointing really."
76561198040330126,Not Recommended,282210,14858271,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,thegreenfern,"I played for .9 hours. Im not being sarcastic but thats how long my game lasted. I accidentally went to war, won a battle or 2 but was not quick enough to pull a ""suddent-death"" population victory. It was that quick. Certainly not worth 14.99. I would have liked and expected something more indepth- social engineering, ship design options, a Federation-esque council, an interface that reflects my affinity, maybe even a full screen presentation. Yeah, the Civ series was never one to show awesome graphics in units. The tradition still carries on with Starships. The ship designs look more like sprites from an old 2000s or late 90s game. Eitherway, its not detrimental. Its just I would have expected to see more in that arena of a game with the title ""Starships"".Like other Civ games, opponents are placed way too close to me. Most interesting was that I was placed in a corner in Starships. Where is the buffer- the exapnse of space/planets that allow me some peaceful expansionturns? I know this is a civ simulator, war is going to happen but I always wonder why the AIs are spaced out but I am placed right nextdoor to an AI.Diplomacy and/or War Room screens, like BE, are paintings. Nice to look at but offer nothing in terms of universe immersion. I can overlook the short game, the bland UI or cartoony ship models. But I am tired of seeing paintings. Give me a reason to care about my people, show me videos for Wonders (What is the Dadaleus Ladder?), show me more background on the faction leaders- do something! Please! For 14.99 (on top of the original 50 for BE), I have Chessmaster X in Spaaaaace. As someone who loves to get engrossed in story (and hearing that the fiction for this universe is kept at Firaxis), this not something I am overly happy about.Perhaps its a bug or maybe its by design:At default, the game opened up in Windowed Mode. Going full screen still leaves the Windows Start and Task Bar visible."
76561197986336400,Not Recommended,282210,14875087,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,sarcerok,"I just played a large map with 4 opponents. I finished the game in 7 turns, getting 13/31 achievements. I'm not seeing much replay value. I liked the 3 sound effects for weapons fire (one for each weapon). The game seems really...rushed. I really did not like that I had to exit the game to load a saved game, though 25 years ago (around the time Civilization came out) that would have been normal.I'm still a bit in shock that this is a Sid Meyer game. I'm sure it will hit me in a few days, and I will start crying."
76561198011166028,Not Recommended,282210,14902538,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Absolium,"The game is interesting, but shallow.Like most reviews says, it's more and IOs game than a PC One and even if the gameplay is interesting at  first, I feel it will become very repetive soon. So, I guess the replay value is rather weak.Yes, there's more than 40 differents missions( fighting, escort, prevent escaping, labyrinth, etc), but they all have the same core mechanic. so they are not that différent.For a 5$ to 10$ game, it would be fine and I would recommand.BUT, the real problem  is the incredible amount of bugs. I believe no beta testing were done at all.After reading some reviews and comment, I felt luck I can launch the game unlike so many other. But I can't save, and I've had some graphics issues.So, the game is good: no more, no less.Probably too repetitive, so it'll lack replay value.And have way too many bugs  so I can't recommand."
,Not Recommended,282210,15632716,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,KrazyA1pha,"This game was fun for about 30 minutes before I got bored. There's not much here, and what is here is put together incredibly poorly. I've long been a Sid Meier fan, but this game isn't any good."
,Not Recommended,282210,23456234,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Solar,"As a huge civ fan, when I saw Sid Meier in the title I thought this was gonna be a great 4x strategy game like civ. Unfortunately it is just a simple mobile game that left me very dissapointed. There isnt very much strategy to this game at all, you just build a bunch of spaceships and shoot the enemy spaceships. I do not think this game is worth $17, and I would not even recommend buying it on sale."
76561197970624224,Not Recommended,282210,14857482,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Abraxsus1983(Twitch),"The biggest fail i ever seen in yeahrs ...This game, has no soul, no deep no fun...2/10 I will call this a Handy GameBest to use on the Pot if u sail down a sausage"
76561198027729809,Not Recommended,282210,14857890,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Asriel,"Confusing to grasp at first, underwhelming game play and a feeling of further confusion at how it ties into BE in terms of storyline.Wishing I spent my £10.99 on something else."
,Not Recommended,282210,14857853,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Aerotonic,"Interesting concept, like a turn-based Empire Strikes Back however the game is over simplified. It does have the level of complexity and intrgue as Civilizations (not even as complex as the very first one). If you thought Civilization: Beyond Earth was dull and simple compared to other Civilization games, you will definitely hate this. But for the price of this game, I guess you get what you pay for."
,Recommended,282210,30717328,Posted: 24 March,all,SanMan,"This is a casual game with the name of Sid Meier attached to it. The economy is simple and so is combat. If you buy this game knowing that, you won't be disappointed. I play this when I want to get a break from the other more intense games."
76561198021919449,Not Recommended,282210,14856875,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Vir4030,"I started on an epic galaxy with six computer players.  One of them spawned on either side of me, and both of them took influence away from me on the first planet I visited and gained influence.  Then I took a mission where you had to escort a colony ship to a jump gate, and every move took 2 HP away from every ship.  There was no way to heal, and there were too many spaces between the ship and the gate for it to survive.I cannot believe how dumb this game is.  I was expecting a 4x game, like a Civilization in space.  Instead, I got an epic failure of a game.  I was very excited to play it, and now I'm completely turned off.  This all happened in about 10 minutes of gameplay.  I don't even want to give it another chance, because it's not even the right type of game.  It looks like a 4x, but wow does it fail.Also I want to add that the user interface blows.  I expected to be able to interact with and rotate planets when I was zoomed into them, but no.  However, you can slide the top of one of the lists up and down in a klunky, unnecessary and superfluous way.Sid Meier made one of the most brilliant games ever in Civilization.  He's cloned that model so many times now, that it seems he has forgotten what a fun game is.  He got money from me this time purely because of his name, but he won't again.  I'm bitterly disappointed."
76561198018920707,Not Recommended,282210,17519378,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Meteuremu,♥♥♥♥♥game that is meant for phone/tablet that they completely ♥♥♥♥ing lied to us about and made us think it was for PC as well. Lost a lot of respect for them because of this disgusting game and the way they manipulated us to thinking it was for pc.
,Not Recommended,282210,17902510,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,KYLLE,"I want to like this game.But it's hard when the quality is so low.Maybe I should have followed the development process. So that I dit not get so disappointed.+Easy to learn.A Sid Meier game.Fun to play in small amounts.-Too expensive, buy it on offer. 75% at leastToo easy to play throughToo easy.No replay value.Maybe it will work on a tablet, on the bus over a cliff. On a cold and dark night."
76561198052076487,Not Recommended,282210,14853582,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,RSCO2410,"Seems ok, only been on a short while, rather basic, no custom settings which sucks, still im going to reserve full judgment on this title until ive been able to play around with it for a while longer, still, no custom settings, cant get over that.EDIT: I have tried, and i mean tried to get on board with this game, i just can't, everything from lack of settings, basic uninspired gameplay and what i can only describe as lazy developers have seemingly chosen tablet gamers over PC, instead of giving us what we deserve and expect from a Sid game we get a half baked experience.i would do a pro/con list, though i feel at this time its just not even worth my time typing in regards to this game.Dear Firaxis, please reconsider and develop the game again to the standard to which we expect to see from a Sid game, at the very least, open it, so that the community can fix it for you."
,Not Recommended,282210,15050859,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Rom,"I want to like this game... I really do. It's fun for about 30 minutes. I've played a little over an hour and it's already list it's appeal. It was a cheap game so I didn't really expect much, but it didn't even meet my expectations. The game is just way too thin. There isn't enough strategy, customization or story to keep me interested. I am a huge Civ fan and bought this game with Beyond Earth. Both a pretty big disappointments. Step your game up Firaxis."
76561197968959943,Not Recommended,282210,14855338,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Lepus,"Even though I would've loved to give this game a thumbs up, I cannot.I have been a fan of Sid Meier's for a long time, and have never been disappointed before, until now.I feel like this game misses what makes a 4x space strategy game, management.It is near impossible to run out of ressources in this game. and therefore you win way too easily.And well, the research system was maybe the most disappoiting part of the game, the only thing you can do is level up 8 things, which are all connected to ONE subsystem in the ship.Sorry Sid, you can do better."
76561198018607841,Not Recommended,282210,14856229,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,dmetry_k,this is not like galactic civilization. oh no not by a long shot not even close. it's like comparing a bicycle and a motorcycle.Pros: i only played for a 30mins  but i find it pretty fun. it's fast phase game.Cons:1. i only played for 30mins but i already seen all what the game can offer.2. It's confusing... the interface is pretty simple but not neccessary easy to understand. at least in Civ V there are some bult in guides and wiki. when you enter combat you have these icons and different terran type but there aren't any hover text to tell you what f**k they are.3. they could have stream line the game by not showing the bridge scene and just display those information at the map itself.Try Xcom instead of this game or Galactic Civilization II (not three)Too light weight for 15.00 dollars.
,Not Recommended,282210,14894233,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,PhoenixOmega,"Don't get me wrong, its a great game and consept, but the way its presented, is poor and can be at times, easy! I believe the consept is great, its good to have a civ game where the focus are on planets and rulling the galaxy! But. its just to bare, and I believe it could be more like a pure civ game, wheres it more about tactics and, dare I say it, more complicated!The vast majority of this game is all about war, (Which, in my oppion is the best part in civ! :P ) but there is no way to forge allys and cordinate your attacks. Negoations and Diplomacy is the strongest bit in civ games, which can decide the game and be the difference between Victory, or Death off you civilizations! (Which is normally the latter with Domanation!) But the one MAJOR flaw, is that it has NO multiplayer! Which many games strive on, which has proven to be a major asset for this series!Still, for the price, it is good for people who want a quick game which has great pick up and play value! For those who like  simpler games, its great! In my oppion, it would benfit greatly on mobile, as it has the great potienal for it! In conclusion, its great for people wanting to get into turn-base and resource management, but its just to simple! I would advice you to save up for another civ game, Civ 5 if you can!"
,Not Recommended,282210,14857972,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Merciless Moses,"At $15, you are not getting an epic 4x space strategy game.Keep your expectations low."
76561197982517017,Not Recommended,282210,14857771,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Phantom Mercenary,"This game feels like a Beta.  It offers no true full screen resolution; switching to ""full screen"" mode in game streches out the screen and causes graphical errors.  Leaving it in windowed mode cuts off the bottom of the screen with the task bar, cannot read the bottom of the screen.  Even moving the taask bar does not help with this.  Seems this game was favored for Tablet over the PC.  It is currently unplayable for me.  From reading the other reviews it also sounds like the game is too short and/or simplistic.  I bought due to SM's reputation and becuase of the potential future connection to Beyond Earth without doing my research first.  Shame on me.  They really pulled a fast one on us.  Here's hoping I can help you from making a purchase you'll regret."
76561198009382852,Not Recommended,282210,14860026,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,varacalli,"Its a bird? its a plane??? NO ITS... a bunch of space hippies in green ships planing on stealing my planets... darn...at first glance this game is something to be admired. It takes Civ BE, and expands the story into space and allows you to unite planets colonized by humanity during our exodus into the stars into your federation. So i thought ""WOW COOL ITS LIKE CIV... BUT IN SPACE!!!"" i was quickly given the idea of galactic Civ games, with a touch of that good old Sid meier's magic. and who wouldnt want some of that magic!?! Those damn space hippies thats who!Then i was hit with a game i can only describe as a briliant and stunning idea... that was hastily designed with the sole intent of making a quick buck based off the name brand...  this game would be perfect... if it were for Iphone IOS or the like. The only justice it does to the sid meiers name... is that it has the name ""sid meiers"" in the title. while visually decent, the animations for combat (I.E. explosions, weapon firing, movement, missiles and ship destruction and what not) are just... no... to call them bad is giving them too much credit. The voice acting for the combat senarios are just as bad. Every civ leader from BE who has been ""expanded"" in this game all share the same dialog with their predecessor. and the game just tosses you into the map with a horrible ""tutorial"" if it can even be called that, with an equally bad user interface... the tech tree is very strange at first, the way you gather resources and spend them was confusing, and from my very small amount of play time all i have seen are the same ships with different extentions on them, nothing different or new, just different shiny objects on your already similar body ship.it makes me sad writing this review... i want to give it a thumbs up... because i have never thought bad of any sid meiers game... I want to like this game... i really do... I am a huge fan of the sid meier's brand and absolutely loved Civ V and even BE, to an extent (personally i feel like they need to add more DLC's for BE creating religion and a united nations like body like the expansions for Civ V did), but this... this just made me a little sad. maybe in time with some patches and tender love and care, this game can truly blossom into something beautiful like it should have been. but it seems sid meiers has fallen into the ""lets dish out as many ""games"" as we can and profit from them because our fans will pay anything for our ""products"""" pit just like ubisoft with Assassins creed, and the publishers for Call of duty. I hope this was just a test run for an idea, and that they will expand this game... or at least expand BE... because ive been waiting for that for a long time and it doesnt seem to be going anywhere.All i can say is that if you want to put forth the money for this, go ahead. Maybe you will enjoy it? and i hope you do because that is what i wanted for myself. however, as of now i have to say im truly dissapointed in this game in its current state. maybe in a month or two il come back and see a picture of what it should have been, and i will change it to a thumbs up... but for now i just see something that could have been the greatest thing ever, and fell so far short of its potential.like when god gave me a llama farm, and yet i cant ride one as my trusted steed to school. life can be so cruel at times :/"
76561198109500046,Not Recommended,282210,22930883,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,hobotone,Unstable mess. Forums are full of crash complaints that were never addressed by the devs. No updates in ages.
,Recommended,282210,14873306,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MaxVector,"I think this best way to sum up this game would be to simply called it ""pocket/mini sized strategy.""Starships comes at a weird time Firaxis and 2K games.  Beyond Earth left many consumers wanting more and genuinely confused.  Why did they charge for a full price game that amounted to nothing more than an expansion pack for Civ 5?   SO what do they do?  They make a game even smaller in scale than BE and charge much less for it.  I assume the strategy now is: ""the price should match the experience"" and what you get with Starships pretty much feels like a $15 game.I'll get this out of the way immediately: this is a mobile game that happens to playable on the PC.  What does that mean?  Well, it means that a lot of the complexity of the Civ series is stripped out and the player is left to make spot decisions and map movement choices.  The interface was clearly designed for tablet touchscreen.  The buttons are in weird places and the menus/screens are stripped to the bar bones essentials.  That said, there is an enjoyable strategy game to be played here.  Let's take a moment to talk about it...The gameplay:Players familiar with Civ 5 will immediately recognize the hex grid format.  The player starts on the grid with a small fleet of starships and a planet.  Each ""turn"" basically boils down to this pattern:- Spend Resources on starships, planets and various upgrades- Move your war fleet to a new planet- Complete the mission on that planet (aka combat, more on this in a moment), thus gaining influence over that planet- MAYBE move again and do a new mission on a different planet- End Turn (aka Shore Leave)Let me touch on the combat scenarios (missions) on each planet:When the players arrives on a new planet that isn't already in their empire, the citizens of the planet will request help in the form of some type of starship mission.  This is where the real strategy of the game comes into play and the theme of ""starships"" really plays out.  Whatever war fleet the player has assembled is now used in a turn based mini strategy game.  It is important to note that SOMETIMES the mission doesn't use the player's war fleet but instead presents some type of puzzle.  But most (>70%) of the time the player must use his/her forces to defeat a squadron of NPC starships.The battle scenarios are most similar to ""war"" in Civ 5.  Each mission is played on its own hex map (separate from the overworld map) where the player manuevers their starships and fires various weapons to destroy the enemy NPCs.    Each starship is its own character on the map so if the player has five starships in their fleet, they now can battle with five ships on the combat map. This is defintely the BEST part of the game.  This is where all the time spent buying new ships and upgrading them pays off.  The player can choose to stay back and use long range weapons to try and get up close and personal with fighters or close range weapons.  If the player is successful, they ""win"" influence over the planet and eventually it folds into their empire.The players wins the entire game when they control most of the overworld map (or lose if they fail to do so).  I *think* its 70%. (Update: There are several victory conditions present but in my play time, so far, I have usually won by accidentally acquiriing 70% of the map.)  When playing on easy mode it is very easy.  Medium and Hard present much better challenges.The truth is that the game isn't very deep.  Upgrading planets and ships usually involves just buying everything.  There aren't really any penalties or drawbacks.  Even if the player concentrates on, for example, energy production, eventually it all evens out.  And that's where Starships is arguably very weak.  This is not a deep game.  The best part of the game is the combat and the starships.  Everything else is nothing much more than a big map the player simply uses to move and drive the game.I found the $15 is worth it.  The strategy of the starship combat is fun albeit not engaging.  The game does retain the ""one more turn"" type gameplay but that's where it ends.  The overall, 4x strategy simply isn't present.Bottom line?This is a $15 strategy game and I recommend it based on the starship combat.  If you want a bigger strategy, with more depth, look somewhere else.Final Score: C"
76561198137774528,Recommended,282210,14887888,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,polar buffalo,"If you're looking for your typical civilization game, you won't find it here. However, if you've come for a fun tactical space adventure, you're in the right place.The game is very simple and easy to learn, has great ship customization and intuitive turn-based strategy battles.Not a very big game, but not very expensive either. A worthwhile buy."
,Not Recommended,282210,14859065,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,AlabamaAngyl,Buggy garbage. Crashes constantly.
76561197960461643,Not Recommended,282210,14857091,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Violator,"Ok huge strategy fan, and Civ fan.  Ok the cons: Short game.  Units too are too much alike. Simply its a very simple game that makes me feel that is meant to be a game for ipad or android.  Yes it fun for a hour. Then you realize how simple and lacking of depth the game is.  Very disappointed with this game.  From the makers i expected more.  Great idea but i think they spent very little time and money on making this game."
,Not Recommended,282210,14858186,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Harbinger1,"Played 70+ hours and still can't recommend it. The bugs, the broken rule set, the poor AI and lack of customization ruin what could be a great game. Sad."
76561198178040633,Not Recommended,282210,14854837,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,m3duz4,"This game shouldn't have been released yet! Crashes when trying to upgrade ships. Crashes in combat mode after moving a ship. Crashes in combat mode after moving map to see other ships. Crash... Crash... TRASH! And that is on a ""supported"" system... -sigh-"
76561198033662924,Not Recommended,282210,15515811,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Spaceman,"You can tell it was made for iPad and other mobile devices. For a game that was made this quickly, and cost so little, I should have known I wasn't in for hours upon hours of classic Sid Meier addiction. While I can't say it's a terrible game (you certainly get what you pay for, but maybe a little less than you'd expect), I do expect more from my gaming experiences and this isn't enough."
,Recommended,282210,25267472,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"Fun little space civ style game. Simple, gameplay gets stale quick."
,Not Recommended,282210,35038898,Posted: 17 September,all,Monterico Gaming TV,Sid Meier's sadly makes some bad titles mixed in with the winners. This is one of those sad attemps at a space game. Even with the updates to improve enemy AI the game itself lacks much thought. Also the game crashes far to much for a game that is done with updates so stear clear of this one folks. Just not worth it.
,Not Recommended,282210,14856115,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,PeteUplink,"From what I've seen of Sid Meiers Starships, I have to wonder why it wasn't just a DLC for Civ Beyond Earth. It's pretty basic.   In fact it feels like it was designed for the Commodore Amiga  30 years ago... If I had played this game 30 years ago I probably would have thought it was brilliant.It's missing many of the things that we take for granted in PC games, like fully adjustable graphics options and the ability to run in full screen.  The mouse controls are clumsy and you can't scroll by moving to the edge of the screen like in other Sid Meier games.At least if it had been a DLC it would have been able to use the in-game display settings of the base game.Sadly I cannot recommend this game. It's the first Sid Meier game that I'v ever been disappointed with...----A quick addition for people who think this game could never have been done as DLC:It wouldn't have been hard to get this to work as a DLC.The game may look different, but it uses the same basic engine (albeit greatly slimmed down). All they've really done is replace the flat terrain maps of Civ with a star field and planets and replaced the normal ground and water based units with space ships. It's basically CIv trying to give the impression of space when it's actually just a 2D hex based RTS like all the other games in the series. Basically the ships aren't flying through space, they're moving along an invisible ground plane, or the equivalent of, with a star background replacing the terrain we normally see. With all that in mind, it wouldn't have been all that difficult to add the maps, units and other features to the main game. There's nothing in Starships that couldn't have been accomplished in the base game.It could have been an add-on for the base game, and added new gameplay features, in the same way that The Sims add-ons often add in new features that weren't built into the base game, but expand upon the original game mechnics."
,Not Recommended,282210,14869943,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,scott.thigpen,I don't write many reviews and I usually don't impulse buy games however I like Sid Meier games but thoroughly let down by this game.  It's too simple (and that's coming from a casual player) and just isn't good at all.  What a let down.  Will not impulse buy again.
,Not Recommended,282210,14872280,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Germany : Connix,The game was a huge let down
,Recommended,282210,16378965,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Daybreak Blue,"Pros:+Very appealing backgrounds and colors, I love the whole space theme and primary color organization+Gives Bonues to Sid Meier's Beyond Earth+Can transfer over your SMBE game to this game and get bonuses+Easy to 100% if you are one of those kind of gamers+Easy to manage your ships and level them up to overpower just about anythingCons:-It feels more like an iphone game app than a PC game-I understand there is a lot of critiscm for lacking any controls over cities, I kind of felt why druing this game-Impossible mode isn't really impossible-even though it your civ will grow into a galactic scale, you will only see human ( or human-looking) beingsWell, that's that."
76561198030885506,Not Recommended,282210,14906012,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,doughnutdoney,Was really looking forward to playing this and for the first few days I had installation problems. When I eventually got around that and actually played the game it felt like it had no depth. The missions were pretty straight forward but with no real varation. Yes their is no tutorial in this so you already start on a pretty high learning curve but its not that hard to know what you need to do. It seems to me that this game wasnt built for a PC but (as others have mentioned) on tablets or laptops. At least the game isnt full priced and its not too bad value for money...but is it worth it? No not at the moment needs more things to do ..more depth.
76561198088495798,Not Recommended,282210,14907385,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,neverleavinca,"I am completely unable to enjoy this game, because it crashes within the first 2 clicks of any action that I take. If I knew how to demand a refund for my money, I would."
76561197992216510,Not Recommended,282210,14903156,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Trracer,"Overview:A decent turn-based strategy game that doesn't require days to play through. However, after about 4 hours, the fun is starting to wear off for me. There's more cons than pros for this game. I'm really on the fence about recommending this or simply saying skip it. On the one hand, it's fun for a few hours, on the other it gets repetative and isnt very immersive. I'll only recommend it if you want a change of pace and have the $15 to blow.Pros:Strategy-based gameplay is fun at first. You have to plan your moves around asteroids, debris fields, etc. You have to pay attention to which way your ship is facing, manage your weapons systems and keep track of enemy movements. Once you get past the initial learning curve (there's really no tutorial aside from some ""advice"" boxes) it's easy to play through. Upgrading your fleet and managing your systems is easy (perhaps too easy).Early on the game is challenging. Go into the wrong system and you might run into a fleet of carriers while you only have three cruisers. However, there is no shortage of ""easier"" battles to build up your fleet.Cons:It's repetative. After you expand your fleet and upgrade your ships, every battle becomes repetative and very one-sided (in the player's favor). I was pretty much destroying every fleet I encountered with little resistance (this was on the medium difficulty setting). I have a feeling regardless of the difficulty, once you reach a certain level of upgrades and fleet size, every battle turns into move ship, destroy enemy, repeat.System management. You can upgrade each planetary system by building cities, and resource generators (food, energy, etc) but again, as the game progresses it becomes unbalanced. Every time I won a battle, I had enough resources to pretty much build out each system with every module (food, energy, metal production). At that point there's no challenge to resource management.Enemy AI is not aggresive. I dont think I ever saw an enemy attack one of my systems. Again, this makes the whole game too easy and too one-sided. Since the AI never takes over my systems, I just continue to expand and build my fleet.Ship upgrades are confusing at first and too simplified. You basically increase the number of lasers, cannons, torpedoes and fighters. This isn't clear at first and I was left wondering if upgrading my weapons increased damage output or range or some other spec. Lasers or cannons are automatically chosen based on range - which I guess is ok but not very immservie. Increasing fighters gives you more fighter groups to launch. As you upgrade your ships, they also automatically change class (frigate, cruiser, battleship, etc.)Torpedoes are way overpowered. Put a torpedo in the right place and you can destroy any number of ships within the blast radius in one shot.Very little in the way of a tutorial. Some basic advice like ""upgrade your fleet"" or ""research this technology"". Aside from that, there are no real details on how weapons systems work, etc. Even the in game info section is lacking."
,Not Recommended,282210,14963815,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,greendruidray,"*sigh*I wanted to like this game dispite what the masses were saying on how it was not what was expected.Mr. Meier, I really wanted to like your game. You and I have been doing business for many a year now, but Starships made me sad.Maybe it was the lack of options when choosing a leader (It seemed pretty redundent). Perhaps it was that I was able to win in less then 30 minutes and then instead of being to just roam and explore (as your other games allow) I am forced to start all over again.To the Development Staff, The game is awesome looking. You did make sure that the game is smooth and very eye catching. Thank you for that. But maybe if you don't feel the need, you could maybe let this game open up so we can have the people step in and add to the game, open it up for more possiblilties. Like I stated before, I would personally like to see more of a playability then 30 minutes. Set my enemies further apart. Allow allies and alliances maybe? Trading? etc...Hard mode, 4 players on an Epic sized map... All 4 were bunched around my planet.. for an epic map?Please Mr. Meier Keep your money, I feel I got what I deserved for not listening to others. But do me a favor? Put that money to good use making an even better Civ VI!Thank you"
76561198012125571,Not Recommended,282210,14868937,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,timdraco,Ok first we had beyound earth. It's not bad but not good. Now we get a half finished tablet game disguised as a pc game. What is firaxis doing with all there spare time? Did they fire sid and just use his name? This game is not worth the 15 bucks i spent on it. In this condition i would say a dollar is paying to much. They shoulda just went to free to play and charged for the extra ships. I really don't recomend this for anyone for pc. Get your act together firaxis.
,Recommended,282210,31176492,Posted: 16 April,all,JMPunk,"Sid Meier's Starships is a good and replayable turn based strategy experience that will certainly appeal to lovers of classic science fiction franchises and to those who appreciate the way the leader of Firaxis managed to make player choices relevant.The game is actually fun. It's not deep and doesn't pretend to be. I have only been playing it for a few hours, But I can see that I will continue to play it in the future."
,Recommended,282210,22436938,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,♥,"8/10The gameplay was great, game runs well and plays smooth. Only dissapointment was the complete lack of multiplayer, of the entire Civ franchise, this title has the most possibly to be able to actually complete a multiplayer game in a single waking period, but eh...Also, no intergration with the most recent additions from Beyond Earth : Rising Tide. :/And after a reinstall I lost all ""my2K"" progress.Otherwise, great game, ""mini""-Civ."
,Recommended,282210,20367174,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,【ツ】,"A simple strategy game without the nuance of its Civ predecessors, this game is quick to play, but ultimately shallow and repetitive. If you can pick it up at a discounted price and absolutely love Civ themed games, buy it, but don't expect it to be anything like Civ or Beyond Earth."
,Not Recommended,282210,17610403,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Busverpasser,"When I first heard about this game, I was pretty excited. I really liked Civ V and the idea of a less complex, faster to play strategy game made me very curious. Eventually I got the game and have spent 14 hours with it. They really did strip down a lot of complex features. In theory, removing unnecessary stuff is a good thing to make the experience smoother and in this case less time-consuming. But for me, they also stripped down the fun part of the game. You have one fleet of ships that you can progressively upgrade. The upgrades don't really allow for specialization. The upgrade system of the planets is even less interesting. The initial thought of the game is still very enticing but the realization doesn't appeal to me at all..."
76561198107423175,Recommended,282210,23554390,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,SearedChess,"I think a lot of people expected this to be civ in space. It's not. It is a ported mobile game, and I think the gameplay is good. It is worth the price."
,Not Recommended,282210,17673296,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,NoGirlsOnTheInternet,"This is an overly-simplified version of Beyond Earth. It's clumsy, uninteresting, lacks any compelling content. This is the only Steam game for which I've requested a refund thus far - even though it is only $15, it's just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,282210,24805301,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,RaptureRaven,"What? How did this even get his name on it? This is garbage. Its a boring, 2D, super plain and simple game. I wouldnt even call it a stragety game, so much as it's a turn based movement simulator. This is a disgrace to Sid Meyers. This has about as much effort put into it as a daily poo"
76561198006243109,Not Recommended,282210,14869118,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ronin75,I am hugely disappointed. A mobile game port without much effort to adjust to a PC. A game that is not worthy of having the name of Sid Meier associated with it. Not even by a very long shot. No more words are wasted on this.
76561198065227727,Not Recommended,282210,14867232,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Full On Cougar Town,"I really want to like this game but it feels like an unfinished product. There's a lot of things that I'm sure its got going for it, but I can't even click the buttons or enter commands. They need to update this game and fast."
76561198013155151,Not Recommended,282210,14868775,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ranger,When I saw the prview for this game I got really excited and preordered right away. Upon waiting all day at work to get home and play what I was expecting to be a fun and engaging game I was rather dissapointed. What I got instead was a rather bland reskin of Ace Patrol. While it has some novel features over all you can play it once and you know exactly how it will play out every time. The tactics are bland and the missions blander if that's even possible. The game feels empty and for what it costs its overpriced. Its a neat idea but it would have been bettered served with a story or campaign. As it is right now it feels like it should just be a mini game in Beyond Earth.
,Not Recommended,282210,14860287,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,fishfighter29,"The worst game i have ever played with Sid Meiers name on it, STAY AWAY!"
76561198027506260,Not Recommended,282210,14860159,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Vandalf,"My computer should be able to run this game, yet there are so many visual glitches I cannot play it at all. Like not even the celestial objects show up in the map. In addition to this as far as I can tell there is no access to graphical settings so I can't even tell if my computer isn't cutting it, or if the game is a disasterous lump of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I certainly can say for sure that this is supremely disappointing thus far, even considering how cheap it was, simply because of how much I've loved all the Civilization games."
,Not Recommended,282210,14861923,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Stardog,"Here's me thinking, ""oh hey! this be good on my Surface!"". I can't even play it for more than a few minutes before it makes me rage.Straight away the game comes off as cheap and lifeless. It just isn't enjoyable.To make matters worse, the touch is completely broken. This is a game made for touch devices, but the touch is shocking. I'll tap the screen to select a unit and the map will shoot to the other side of the galaxy.Not happy. :("
76561198039601046,Not Recommended,282210,30305137,Posted: 3 March,all,Miaounathor,"Repetitive, Lack of Depth and the UI is Done for mobile. This game is not worth the full price, if you can get it at discount price why not though"
,Not Recommended,282210,14864101,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,DocWinters,"Well I guess you get what you pay for. This is a very small game, like it had promise, but its just so small.I suppose die hard fans of Fraxis games will buy it, but no one else really should waste their hard earned money over it"
,Not Recommended,282210,14868976,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Arleonenis,"Game is very simple, I can even say simple to the extreme. No options not even working full screen option.Vistory conditions don't work (they are limited to you so AI can win as it see fit no matter what you pick).No real research and ship upgrades (just click to raise a stat.Well to be hones I've seen free browser games that were better in all departments, even graphics.Game is worth max 5$, not a cent more.,."
76561197970394415,Not Recommended,282210,23337346,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,bftbg_foxhunter,Worth maybe $5.This and Civ: BE have soured me to Firaxis.
76561198030925878,Not Recommended,282210,14861120,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,donschmiddy,"FOr the player:Yes i already played the game for 12 hours. Long version short:TO LITTLE TO SOON! but please do not simply forget the game IT IS NOT THAT BAD...(maybe they add stuff... and fix stuff... you know? )AS FOR SID/FIRAXIS/DEVELOPERS:where has your love for details gone since you created civ 4.... i played it for hours. your last 3 games civ 5, beyond earth, and starships  are nothing compared to what civ 4 offered... In this game there are no scripted events, the graphics seem weak and the worst part: it is unbalanced... nobody is going to give a rats♥♥♥♥♥about this game in a year because if offers no depth, no story, nothing that grabs you...For christ sake just read what the freaking fans tell you and do it! Or just think of something amazing again and come back... otherwise this is going to end soon..."
,Recommended,282210,15537850,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,QŬPĿEŦ,"It's a great game. I don't see what all that hate is about. It's a small game that is suppose to take place after Beyond Earth.Basicly like the last chapter. It can be very quick or sort of long. The ships are amazing, There are missions, and there is alway's someone to fight. I like this game. I recommend it for anyone that enjoyed Beyond Earth (Personaly I did like that game)."
,Not Recommended,282210,14858964,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,gamerstu,"Instead of wasting the extra time and effort into a new game, they should have invested it in making Civ BE a more polished game."
,Not Recommended,282210,30999444,Posted: 7 April,all,beneform,"I really want to give a thumbs up. I really do. But I feel as though other space 4X games are much, much more worth your money. The game makes it almost impossible to win other than through war and the interface was a bit counterintuitive at times. Domination victories can catch you off guard because Starships's definition of Domination isjust control 50.01% of the population and win. Personally, I hate those types of victories. There are other victory types, but they are almost never achieved because you or the AI will win Domination way earlier than any other victory.ProsThe ship battles were fun and engagingExploration was done wellMarketplace (different than directly trading with other players)ConsHard to use interfaceLack of replayability (especially with city management, wonders, and technologies)Poorly thought out victory conditions and cannot turn on/off certain victory condition typesAlmost non-functional diplomacy system (at least for the AI to AI interaction) and no any tradingFor builder type players, this game is definitely not for you(Edit: In the first paragraph, the victory condition I was referring to is called Population victory, not Domination victory)"
,Recommended,282210,15836869,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Bort,"This game has such a bad rep, because people see the name Sid Meier and assume 'Alpha Centauri 2!!!' You're wrong. It's a sci fi spinoff from Civilization: Beyond Earth.The galactic conquest and expansion side of the game plays in a similar fashion to the Civ games, albeit a very simplified version of Civ. The tech tree consists of 8 or 9 different fields of research, which can be upgraded from 0 to 8. Planets you conquer can have cities added to them, as well as a number of structures built to improve planetary resource income. These structures again go up to level 8, although there does not seem to be a limit on how many cities you can have.Each planet also has the possibility of being able to build a Wonder. Unlike the Civ games, these Wonders do not increase income or resources, but instead have a direct impact on your fleet.The fleet is the main part of the game. As with everything else, upgrading it is simple. There are a number of different options depending on what you want your ship to be good at, and the upgrades go up to level 8. You can also have up to 8 ships in your fleet.Space missions and encounters are the main part of the game. To bring new planets into your Empire, you need to do missions for them. They may limit you to a single ship for the mission, or you can take your entire fleet. Missions range from escape, to protect a colony ship, to defend from pirates, or capture an escaping fugitive.These missions take place in a fairly large area of space. The planet in question forms the centre of the map, and the mission takes place around it.  They are fun, easy to learn, and mistakes are rarely fatal (not at the normal difficulty levels anyways).One last touch I did like was when I was going for a domination victory. I defeated one race, leaving only two left on the map. Both of our Empires were pretty big, having split the galaxy almost down the middle. The next turn, I got a message from the NPC controlling the enemy faction, saying ""There's just the two of us left. It's been nice having peace with you for all these years, but what do you say we now find out which of us has the best Empire?"" Very friendly-like declaration of war. It's not about the conflict. It's about the honour."
76561197973836482,Not Recommended,282210,14876498,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Geefunker,"Well this is the 2nd review I have ever done on Steam and I got to say. I would have not bought this game if I had a 2nd chance. I hoped for more depth, while all I got was something that feels like a tablet game ported to PC. I felt there was more to the Civ game on the Xbox and Windows phone than this.... I would have been happier with a modded version of Beyond Earth that was like the Final Fronter mod from Civ 4.If you want a game that might be good on an Ipad or Tablet, this is your game. You might not like it for PC."
76561198015327944,Recommended,282210,25316619,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,armyguy8382,"Fun little game.  Could be a lot better if it was more like the rest of Sid Meier's games but for the price it is not to bad.  Would love to see a Sid Meier's Space Civilization, basically this game but more than one fleet and more research and strategy.  But for now if you want a good space stragey game go for Endless Space."
76561197968565358,Not Recommended,282210,17226939,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,dan828,"Would be a good game, if it wasn't tediously slow because you have to watch every single opponent's move.  About 70% of the game is watching the AI do stuff.  Makes it boring."
76561197973269730,Recommended,282210,18478749,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Nightfire,"I was excited for this game after I saw a Quick Look video for it onGiantbomb. This game looked, to me, likeXCOM, but in space!And it is. Sort of. When you're in combat, anyway, and most of the time you will be. Your starships exchange fire with enemies while darting in-between asteroids and moons, effectively using them as directional ""cover"". Space, it seems, is simplypackedwith asteroids (which I will admit is a little unrealistic), but nevertheless these debris-strewn starfields provide you with dynamic (and occasionally, changing) battlefields to fight upon.Aside from that, combat mechanics themselves are quite simple. Mostly you will be attacking enemy vessels, and there are four ways to do it: With lasers (long range), plasma cannons (short range), torpedoes (area-of-effect), and fighter jets. For defense and utility, you have cloaking devices and sensor sweeps. That's it! These six mechanics provide the primary functions of your ships. While this may be too simplistic for some, they nevertheless provide enough complexity to allow for emergent tactics.The only other way to change how your ships work is to build ""wonders"" for your civilization, and each one will grant your fleet additional powers. Usually this is fun, as the powers are interesting and vary widely, but unfortunately, it is entirely random as to which planets can build each type, and if a civilization gets lucky and acquires the best wonders early on, you will find that they have a distinct advantage over everyone else.I was a little disappointed that there weren't any customization options for the starships. Your shipswillchange shape when you add new modules to them, but there are no purely cosmetic options whatsoever (like paint jobs, etc). While thatshouldbe a minor gripe, it can actually become problematic when you are fighting against enemies that have ships that look almost identical to yours, and this happens a lot because there are only three types of ship construction, and a proper game has eight players.The other main thing you do in this game, aside from fighting battles and building your ships, is manage your colonies. This part of the game is reasonably fun, but it mostly just boils down to looking at menus and spending your accumulated resources. There isn't a lot of depth here, and it seems to just serve as a bookend to the combat missions.The diplomacy system isn't all that deep, either. Aside from declaring war and making peace, there isn't much else you can do - there are no trade agreements, no cease-fires or non-aggression pacts, really no minutae to speak of. This area of the game is sorely lacking, and in some ways does not even feel finished.Which leads me to my next point. Polish! This game sorely needs it! I found plenty of spelling errors in the text, and the clunky animations in combat (particularly when ships explode) left something to be desired. It almost feels like the game was released too early, or perhaps the project was prematurely abandoned.There's also a marked lack of features. For instance, there is no multiplayer! Why? This game would be a lot of fun against a friend, but instead you're stuck playing against the lackluster AI.On that note, I think I should mention that this game is REALLY, REALLY EASY. Even on ""impossible"" difficulty, I found the game to be ridiculously easy regardless of the chosen win condition. The enemies are simply too easy to outsmart. Occasionally they will even take stupid actions on their own, like firing a torpedo point-blank into a planet or moon, causing area-of-effect damage to themselves and their allies. The AI seriously needs work in order to feel complete.Finally, this game is short. You're looking at only a few hours per playthrough, even with eight players and an ""epic"" sized galaxy. Certain win conditions can extend it, but the basic win conditions of ""all"" or ""population"" victories will end in extremely short order. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but it means that this game is a more casual experience than you may be used to, especially if you're aCivilizationfan.I know what you're thinking. I've trashed the game quite a bit, so why am I recommending it? The answer is simple. It'sfun. The combat is solid and the empire-building is too, even if it's a little on the simplistic side. It's a great game to play when you've got a few hours spare and, perhaps, don't want to commit to starting a huge, long game ofCivilizationorBeyond Earth.I enjoyed this game, and I hope it will continue to receive support and updates so it can become the great game that it should be. For now, though, all I can say is that it's worth the money - If you get it on sale."
76561198199495185,Recommended,282210,29042206,Posted: 5 January,all,farkasis,"Very good game. Not the classical one what i waited from Sid, but when you have limited time it's perferct to relax."
76561198009131444,Not Recommended,282210,14877227,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Solkar,Very simplistic. Not worth the current price
,Recommended,282210,19158400,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,The Snacrifice,"A neat, small-scale gameSid Meier's Starshipsis a simple, quick, fun little strategy game. Don't go into this game expecting a 40-hour campaign and hours of careful planning, because that's not what this game is made for.Starshipsfeels and plays like a very casual game-in fact, everything from the UI to the simplistic controls and systems screams that this game was built for a tablet or phone rather than a full blown PC. This isn't exactly a bad thing as the UI is clean and easy to navigate, with oversized text and icons.Combat is on a 2d hex grid, with various objects(asteroids, planets, etc.) either blocking vision and fire, or reducing the damage dealt when firing through them. Positioning, shields, and weapon types all factor in as well, giving just enough depth to combat to keep it from getting too stale.There's not really any alien species, just different flavors of humans. All the ships have similar looks and feel, though you can upgrade their weapons and systems in anyway you want, which is neat. I'd have liked more variety but what you get is servicable.You can only have one 'fleet' on the campaign map though, which is a bit annoying.Really my biggest gripe with this game is in the achievements, as you needBeyond Earth(or at least a save game from it) to perfect it.Final Verdict:Decent buy, especially on sale. Scratches that strategy itch without needing 40+ free hours."
76561198149553165,Not Recommended,282210,30620519,Posted: 19 March,all,Mithril_Crow,was enjoyable for about 15 minutes then it got annoying and boring. wouldnt recomend getting at all
76561198030824203,Not Recommended,282210,32728963,Posted: 24 June,all,Hellhawk666,"This is not actually a bad game as far as it goes - but it doesn't go far enough. Basically a simple turn-based spaceship skirmish game in a small area of space backed by an empire development game that is a sort of Stellaris-lite. That's the problem. If the background game had been more interesting and complex then it would have improved things a lot, but without that depth it feels disposable. A game does not take that long to play, and I guess that's what the developers were aiming for, but overall it feels simplistic and thin. Wouldn't recommend."
76561198010124165,Recommended,282210,16336005,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jarvis,"I have always played sid games and found there is a diffrent play syle to each of them, with starships I find it to be a faster game mode and very simple to get an understanding sid games and I guess a gate way into the bigger game."
76561197988650009,Not Recommended,282210,14859885,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Supreme Pizza,What a load of crap. To include this rubbish in the Civilisation pantheon is an embaressment. Nothing like 'civilisation in space'.  More like a 1st year university computer science student  half arsed attempt at introductory programming.DO NOT BUY T HIS CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,282210,14861424,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,John Cuyle,Game's broken.  Fullscreen Windowed isn't actually fullscreen windowed.  You still get a taskbar at the bottom which forces a weird aspect ration which appears to cause the game to scale output in such a way that it looks terrible.  Pretty much unplayable until they fix it.  Definitely hold off until this is fixed.
,Not Recommended,282210,14859000,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,iHeijoushin,Wow. This is terrible.
,Recommended,282210,14901846,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,UncleGamer,"Okay I posted that I would reccomend this game but it comes with a condition, buy the game when on sale for $10 or less. The game is very simplistic, this is a strength and a weakness. The game is simple to play and that makes it easy to jump in and out of. However, the simplicity of the game hides a deeper game that can be a bit frustrating and takes some time to figure out.For $10 or less this game is definitely worth the money, but full price is a bit steep for this game. Will be interesting to see how this game gets supported and what patches, if any, change as well as if there will be any DLC."
76561198018279385,Not Recommended,282210,17250937,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Cap'n,Not much to it.  Looks like an afterthought for Beyond Earth.  A short afterthought.
76561197992784182,Recommended,282210,17551959,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Yezkloor,Had this on the wish list for a while and pulled the trigger at $5 bucking the reviews.If you're looking for a deep civ space game this isn't it. If you're looking for a fun game to see if you like the whole 4x genre then this is a great place to start IMO.
76561198025439619,Recommended,282210,17558064,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,buy,"Awesome fun. It's a quick, exciting strategy game more akin to chess in space than one of the Civ series. Absolutely loved it my first time through and reckon there's at least another half-dozen play throughs that will all be unique. Really really good fun."
76561197993524961,Recommended,282210,17574633,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Wilhelm Caster,It's a great complimentary game for those of you with Beyond Earth already. Treat it more like something to do on off time or a slightly longer game of chess.
76561197998116090,Not Recommended,282210,14873101,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,atp7910,"Game does not fuction properly (e.g. crashes consistent after running for a little over 2 minutes), and none of the support articles have been able to help. I regret buying this game and want a refund."
76561198031397287,Not Recommended,282210,14876178,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,haijikai2,"It's rare I don't like any Sid Meier game, and sadly this is one of them.  Simply put it seems along the line of the prior Ace Patrol games.  And while those in their own right had some enjoyment for a low price.  (I recommend neither at full price.)  Starships falls into exactly the same catagory of not worth a full price for what it is, and the Ace Patrols were better!"
76561198011710873,Not Recommended,282210,14888737,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Silver_king16,"the gameplay is simple enough and the controls are simple enough, but the main problem that I see is the game does not follow the victory conditions that I set up. I usually prefer domination match, so I chose it for my game and ended up loosing because my opponent has gain a population victory.I mean come on, I control 81% of the galaxy destroying the enemy main fleet every turn. And lost on a condition that I did not even choose, the domination match was suppose to be a last man standing why the did my opponenet won through population."
,Not Recommended,282210,14875279,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Shagie,"I was expecting more.  At $15, this isn't a game you should buy. Its not abadgame. It just isn't a $15 game for running on a PC. It feels more like a $5 for a tablet and I'd give a a thumbs up there if that was what it was.It doesn't have great graphics. They are ok. It doesn't have great gameplay (think very light MOO - a much better game, even to this day), but again... its notbad.If you want something that is a light 4x game, I wouldn't exactly recommend it... and you might be able to find something better for your money. Wait for a Steam sale. Wait to see if the game shows up on your favorite tablet for $5. Don't get this at this price point unless you have a driving need to have a section of your library that has every Sid Meier branded game."
76561197971000801,Not Recommended,282210,14873198,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Icefalcon,it's a bit flat. and short. despite playing a domination game it still ends when the population level reaches a certain level - and there's no clear sign of when the end is getting near.. playable though - wait until it's on special before buying
,Not Recommended,282210,14877530,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,dStahl,"This would make a fine minis or board game that I'd happily play with friends on game night.As a ""PC"" release it is too simplistic for a 1 player game where I find myself winning just when I though the game was getting started.Less than 10 hours in and I'd rather go play Heroes Charge on my phone than play this game (and I have 1000+ hours in Civ 5+BE)It is just not worth the $14.99 on PC. Maybe $5 on a tablet, but it is overpriced for what was delivered. This should have been a free game with MT starships for those brave souls who have figured out the confusing leaderboards and want to dump $ on trying to usurp the clearly bugged high scores at the top. It would have been a brilliant DLC for Beyond Earth players had it integrated with that game more - maybe that was the plan... it seems like it might have been.Sorry Firaxis. I love thee - but this felt like a rip off at $14.99.If it was a physical board or minis game that I could play with friends? I'd pay $60 and love it!"
76561198031236670,Not Recommended,282210,14887086,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tim,This game is WAY TOO EASY. I was able to beat the game on the highest difficulty with the largest map and highst number of AI's on my FIRST TRY! So it basically lost all replay value after about 5 hours.  The game needs multiplayer or a new AI to be worth even considering purchasing.
76561198008702826,Not Recommended,282210,14892534,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,jspache,"was boring and just as bad as beyound earth, the last two game have been a huge disapointment and im losing faith in the company."
76561198084190030,Not Recommended,282210,14872940,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,mark_tombs,"Been massively disapointed by the game, no depth and uninteresting. Would hoped for something more entertaining. played a couple game and i dont know if i will go back for a third game. Would not recommend. Shame from dear old Sid."
,Not Recommended,282210,14872823,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Kip,"If I paid a dollar for this on my phone, I would be amused by it—but is Sid Meier really in the business of competing with $1 game apps?  At $15, I hope not, because really, you might have gotten us this time, but even app stores post reviews, I think it's time to hang the Sid Meier name out to pasture.The graphics would be OK at the resolution of my phone, but on my large PC monitor, this game is as ugly and its game play is trite and uninteresting.  The 2K link to ""play your Beyond Earth world in Starships also doesn't work, so failures all around.I am sure some turd-hat at 2K is kicking himself for not charging $39.99 for this because even he knows after buying this one, you are going to have to give me a free game before I ever by another Firaxis title."
,Recommended,282210,17591745,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lord Griffonbait,"A great and straight forward game. I really like the tactical combat game play. Manoeuvring within the changing asteroid fields provides ample ways to come at your enemies and/or channel them into lines of fire.It definitly is NOT Civilization, which is very detailed. It is the low level of game detail which seems to have upset a number of purchasers, who were expecting a lot more from a game with ""Sid Meier's"" in its title. The graphics are simple and great.This game would make for a good introduction to first time players of this genre, before jumping into Civilization. It is complex enough to force the player to think of best approaches to combat and what technologies to develop first, particularly on higher difficulty levels."
,Recommended,282210,17597598,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Officer Meow Meow Fuzzyface,"If you are a fan of turn based games such as Civ or Age of Wonder but feel that matches can run for too long, this is the ideal game for you. Capturing new planets and fight it out in grid based combat as you try to come out on top.Addictive, fun and just the right pacing makes this game really shine."
,Recommended,282210,17606947,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Giuesppe,"I enjoyed this game. Not as big as the other Sid games. Maybe they will update it, maybe they will just take this game and make a Sid game like Space Pirates :D *hint hint company* play it for a few hours here and there. not a long game"
76561198114838329,Recommended,282210,15929273,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,destroyer148,"There is only one glitch that is annoying with this game, whenever the game starts in fullscreen mode, the picture is slightly out of place but the input is as if the picture is in the correct place."
,Not Recommended,282210,16376517,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"What a waste of time and money, too bad the refund policy was not in place back when I purchased this.I usually love most of the Sid Meier's series of games, but this one is a bust."
76561198010134705,Recommended,282210,21070163,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Selva,"As usual, Steam's rating system is woefully inadequate.Do I recommend this?  Yes.  Buuuut... get it on sale.  I got this on sale as part of a bundle and am quite happy with that.  Had I paid the original... what was it? $20 I think.... I would have been p(censored)ed.  But as it is I'm pleased.  For what, a few years ago, I would have spent for an evening at an arcade, I got a good solid evening entertainment out of it.  And I will probably play it again… one day when I’m bored but too lazy for a console game.Is this a great strategy game?  Eh… no.  Tech trees are linear, ship upgrades are entirely statistical and you get one and only one fleet.  you can add ships and upgrade them individually.  but you can only ever have the 1 fleet.  Planets can have bots defending them but they, as far as I can tell, they (the bots) can not be upgraded.  (Planets can.) And on the subject of planets, each planet gets it's own personal exclusive wonder that you can build.  1 per.  No options as to what.  Happy Birthday.That said, the battles are fun.  Which is good since this is pretty combat heavy,  The opposing AI is not stupid.  (Which is refreshing for a space game.)  Lots of asteroids and stuff to fly around.  AND for this first time in a space strategy game (outside of MOO3 which I believe I am one of 4 people on Earth that did not hate) fighters actually are worth a c(censored)p.So... Is it recommended?  Yes.  Is it worthy of the Sid Meier name?  Eeeehhhh... no.  More like high end Kongregate stuff.    (Though the voice acting is good.)Oh... sort of an after thought here.  The story... you know the bit about hearing a distant call for help and stuff...  Makes no sense what so ever.  It certainly doesn't seem to have ANYTHING to do with the game.  Who were these guys?  No idea.  Do you ever encounter them?  Not that I have seen.  Or maybe I did and it just wasn't mentioned.  Played through.  Peace reins supreme throughout the galaxy.  No Idea who these guys were.  Never heard from them or about them again.So, in short, wait for a good sale, skip the intro and assume Sid hit his head on something and will make a full recovery... later.Thanks for listening... err... reading."
76561198034060833,Not Recommended,282210,26107710,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SkyGuy,"Nice game, but a little too simplistic. No story, no development."
76561197998701258,Not Recommended,282210,26083294,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Psygnal,"Well, it's fun. It's a good, if simple, turn-based small-squad starship combat game. Graphics are nice enough, sound is OK, but it crashes all the time.    I've started 7-8 games, and it's crashed me out of probably 5 of them.To be honest, if it wasn't for the crashing, I'd consider this to be a nice little time-waster. It's certainly not a deep tactical/strategic game, but it is fun.I can't recommend it because of the crashing however.  I had the same issue with Sid Meier's Ace Patrol, and refunded that... unfortunately, I left this one too late to refund, otherwise I'd definitely try."
,Not Recommended,282210,26205904,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lt. Labcoat,"Nada. Nope. I've played it for quite a bit, but that was really more about just seeing how many ways I could find to make an OP ship. The game itself is just... it had potential, if there was more to it. But it's got too few mechanics and too little content that there's just not enough in it to allow room for strategy. It's mostly about trying to figure out the best upgrades in the strategy level, then in the tactics level just about trying to get into the best positioning."
,Recommended,282210,20480988,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DeusVult.bibbo,"a good light game to if you want a break from ""serious"" gaming.  feels a lot like playing a boardgame.   i think its unfair that a lot of people dislike this because of mismatched expectations.  looking forward to more starships or further depth."
,Recommended,282210,16879641,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Rui Kiwi ;),"I would recommend this game only if you like a fast and relaxed game.Good Points1) Space combat is intresting.2) Customizable components for spacecraft.3) Easy to play - research is straight foward.Bad Points1) Graphics are mediacore2) In late game, all the ships are basically the same, heavy armor, heavy lasers, cannons etc.. Wish there was some variety like carriers, missile ships etc.3) Better Diplomacy is needed."
76561198027194119,Not Recommended,282210,18544316,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Morlaithion,"This is an excellent tablet game. Unfortunately, they released it on PC for $15. I'm surprised Sid Meier put his name on this game.Pros:-Easy to learn-Space battles are actually kinda neatCons:-Simplistic (and I came in expecting simplicity)-Mission variety is extremely limited-No real difference between races/leaders-Kinda grindy"
76561198039466800,Recommended,282210,20184579,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Weaver,"8.5/10Overview: I recommend this game because it has a surprising amount of strategic and tactical depth yet is simple to pick up. Steam's returns policy makes it well-worth trying out and returning if you don't like it.I am not a huge 4X fan; but I enjoy Starships because while it provides a light introduction to the genre it also, IMO, provides a satisfying degree of strategy at the map level and tactics at the system levels of the game. Some people don't like the game because they claim it lacks depth, but I believe they haven't tried to play on tough enough difficulty levels. One of the things I've noticed about several 4X games is that there are a lot of turns where you don't do anything, you simply press the End Turn button and let things develop. There is NONE of that in Starships; every move and action count.The game requires you to balance your ship capabilities with your play style. Do you like to use lasers at long distance? Or do you build ships and armor and Plasma cannons to mix it up in close? Fighters and Torpedoes can be cannon fodder and simple barriers to your opponents movement or, properly built, can be decisive scouts and salvo weapons that can devastate your enemies. The hex grid at the system combat level makes it look like a board game, but that is a refreshing change IMO.Balancing resources appears simple, but at higher difficulty, you have to build the right improvements on the proper planets to get maximum resource benefits. You should also connect your planets with Warp Nexus' to allow movement with no morale point penalties.Strategically, you can assault your opponent's planets to take Wonders away or deprive them of resources; or you can drive accross their empire, cutting off their fleet and allowing you to defeat the AI in detail.In all, this is a simple introduction to the 4X genre, and on the Mac, where options are a bit limited, it is a good start."
,Recommended,282210,20246234,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Creegz,"It's a very fun and easy to play game, however it's quite simple, there aren't even video settings in it. Just pick up and play. Would be really cool on a Surface or something of that nature.Don't expect Civ 5 in Space, it's not even going to come close to that. It's a very short casual game. No tutorial really, just tooltips, but with those it takes around 30 minutes to figure the game out so it's not really a bad thing.The game definitely could've gone further, but for the price on the Winter Sale of about $8CAD it's definitely a great purchase. I intend on playing this on my macbook when I need something to just pass a few minutes."
76561198015940921,Recommended,282210,20390545,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SPF_55_#wrinklefree,"This is actually a pretty fun game. The reviews were a bit dicey, but I'm glad I got it. It's quite a bit different from Civ games, it's a whole new unique challenge."
,Not Recommended,282210,20413000,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Draken,"Waste of time and money, even at a huge discount.The game is too simplistic and too easy. Pick up maximum speed and flank enemy ships, win. It's really one dimentional and I got bored of it in the very first game i had. You basicly see everything to see about this game in the first 30 minutes, then after that it's just rince and repeat. It is so empty that you get 99% of the achievements in the first couple of hours without even trying.Not recommended. I don't even know why it has Sid's name on it."
76561198015810047,Recommended,282210,17591866,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Combatkat,"I waited to buy this game when it was on sale because of the mixed reviews but I was pleasantly surprized at how much fun the game is.  There is depth to this game in many key areas.  While not MOO, Masters of Orion, it manages to create its own niche in this genre.  What I really like is how you can customize each ship, even within the same class.  For example you can have 2 corvettes, one a long range attacker and another a carrier.  There are many more options available to you.  Also planetary upgrading is fun and important strategically as well as tactically.  There is a lot to be said for this game that is positive.  But suffice to say, that you should not wait for it to go in the bargain basement to get it."
,Recommended,282210,20607592,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Redlink,"At first I thought it was a boring game but then I started playing it more and mroe and really enjoyed it. Its nice to see what happend after beyond earth. There's one downside, the gamplay is verry repetitive and most games are fairly short. After all I recommend picking it up! Have fun!"
,Not Recommended,282210,16456921,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,scaramonga,Awful game with little support.  This and beyond earth.
76561198004487210,Recommended,282210,16529357,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,malize68,This really is a fun little game for what it's designed to be.  Just check your expectations at the door and take it on it's own terms.
76561198037689318,Recommended,282210,20901989,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,"Zav ""Redbeard"" The Pirate King",Ok so i want to start off by saying THIS IS NOT A CIV GAME. I would like to imagine that it is a dumbed down Starwars:EAW that highlights space combat.The game takes place after Civ:BE and focuses on ruling the galaxy you can add cities to planets as well as upgrade the facilities on them. Rather than focusing on leveling up your tech to out tech them in combat you need to out manuver the enemy.Saying this game is a stain on the Sid meiers name is wrong it is a well made game and serves more as a time sink. it was not intended to be a civ game
76561198021449157,Recommended,282210,15096716,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Sanguine,"I enjoy this game as it takes an hour or two.  For people expecting an in depth strategy or a long game plan this is not for you.  Also if you're a save-aholic its not for you (makes it too easy) -- I play and live with my decisions so if I lose a battle it makes the game that much more interesting rather than reloading.  The homeworld claim (get all enemy turf) makes the game easy to win, however the AI can surprise you with a population win as the AI can grab other AI homeworlds unexepectly to win.  All and all its worth the money to be able to play a game after work in a causal manner."
76561197968331161,Recommended,282210,28267298,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Danger,This is a really really simple version of civilization in space.
,Not Recommended,282210,14871406,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Giskler,Boring. Simplistic. Lazy. Uninspired.
,Not Recommended,282210,18132095,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,mailman9,"If you liked Civ 5, and if you loved Civ: Beyond Earth, then get ready! This game will likely dissapoint!Seriously, if you're gaming on a Windows Surface, you may find this a good time waster for $15. But if you, like me, are on a real PC and interested in a fun 4X experience, then know that this game greatly fails to live up to the Sid Meier name. It is repetative, essentially relying on a singular game mechanic where you pilot a single type of ship through about 5 puzzles. There is a maze, a capture and control, a hunt, etc. The ship types are naught, you get a ship that has a largely linear upgrade path. While I could have plenty of fun on the bus with my tablet, on my PC this game feels like solitaire plus. A let down. Now, while this doesn't cost as much as a landmark game it still could have more flavor. The civilizations feels like different theme colors, and the technologies and cash have a more passive feel than I'd like."
,Not Recommended,282210,14862657,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Kunou,"I never learn.I told myself after Civ: Beyond Earth that I wasn't going to pre-order any more of Sid Meier's games, that I was going to wait and see how they were recieved first and then make an informed decision. But the lure of Firaxis is not so easily resisted.Sadly, in this case it should've been. The sirens have once again lured us all onto the rocks.Now, full disclosure, I am writing this review with less than an hour of play time on this game under my belt. It honestly doesn't take all that long to get a feel for the game, I'm afraid. The entire thing was obviously designed for the mobile platform release first, and then reverse-engineered for the PC relese as an afterthought. It was bad enough when this was being done with console games...The interface is a joke. The game starts off windowed, has no graphical settings to change other than setting it to ""full-windowed"" (And when IN ""full-windowed"" mode has no way to exit the game other than reverting to windowed mode or alt-f4... seriously, there is no ""exit game"" option on the menu.), and everything inside of the game was designed with a touchscreen in mind. And then there's the gameplay...If you ever wanted a ""simplified"" version of a civ game, this is it. Tech tree? Nope. There's a set list of technologies, and you just level them up from one to six. If you get three of them to six, then you win a Science victory. Because you're smart. But what about unlocking buildings? Nope, there are set buildings (""Improvements"") that you can make on planets. You build them, you upgrade them, they make more of resources as they're upgraded. You can build Wonders, if you stockpile a ton of Metal over a lot of turns, and then if you have enough of those you can win. You can win by standard Domination, but if you're playing against the AI be prepared for it to be its standard cheating self-- don't bother using cloaking devices. It will go straight for your position every single time even though it supposedly can't see you. (...why no, I'm not bitter.)Planets have cities, cities produce metal, food, energy, science. You spend science to research tech. You spend metal to build improvements. You spend food to build new cities. You spend energy to build and upgrade ships. And... that's it. Everything else is going from planet to planet and fulfilling ""missions"" with your ships.Oh, and they even managed to put one more annoying mobile thing in-- a limited amount of stamina! Yes, your fleet has a ""morale"" limit. It goes down each time you do missions, or travel. When it goes down, your crew becomes less effective. This keeps you from taking your potentially awesome ships of awesomeness from mission to mission, getting every planet to join your federation, all in the same turn.Oh, wait, it's not really a turn. You don't hit ""end turn"", you hit ""shore leave"" in order to end your turn. It refills your morale. That's not made entirely clear, but that's what it does.There's more I could bring up, but really I think you get the gist of it by this point. This is not a game worth spending $14.99 on. This is a mobile device time-waster that should be on an app store for $5 or so.I suppose we can at least be glad that they didn't put the name ""Civilization"" anywhere near it."
76561198010278888,Not Recommended,282210,14865685,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,everybodyknows,"So... new Sid Meier game and as usual I was first out of the gate. Like many reviewers before me have said - I really wanted to love this game. It combines the world of Civilization with more sci-fi elements and what could be wrong with that? Well, sad to say just about everything.The game is built around ""mini-missions"", but they hardly ever change from escort, seek and destroy and survival. You have a game world comprised of star systems! Use them! The replayability, a mainstay in Sid Meier games (hey, I have almost 1 100 hours of Civ 5 on record... and that's just single player), is just not there. And for the price of 15 friggin Euros I expect a lot, lot more. The only Sid Meier Civilization themed game to date I can not recommend. I feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,282210,14855458,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,massz,"boring, not a real computer/console game, like app game with average quality."
,Not Recommended,282210,14928392,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Zenstrive,"Can't even play it. Garbled graphics.Using Acer Aspire 4755G with GT540m graphic cards, drivers updated."
76561198022082516,Recommended,282210,14975057,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Eric Coon,"It's a nice minigame!Nothing more, nothing less.This game is about your fleet. Caring about every ship. Caring about every move and turn.I really like the aspect, that you can upgrade your ship, step for step. So that your initial small ship grows to a mighty battlecruiser. In order to do that, you need ressources. Planets. To get them you have to do initial missions and later on you can plain conquer them from other people.There are some ways to vitctory, but most time is spent on the hexagonal battlefield. Playing a few games there is fun, but after some time its start to be repetive because you don't have much options to varify your strategy. Its like playing chess, but only with towers and pawns.Nevertheless the game makes a lot of fun, especially if you want to play a more laid back game, than in other strategy games."
76561198037536553,Not Recommended,282210,14880797,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Skaggelgitts Tron,"If I had more hands, I'd give this game four thumbs down..."
,Not Recommended,282210,14854840,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Carl,and I thought Beyond Earth was bad.....  Don't waste your money
76561197991940780,Not Recommended,282210,14927729,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kairos,Don't waste your time and money on this...
,Recommended,282210,14909195,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,an0nemus2k,"I like this game, I don't love it.  I think for 15 dollars its a good game.If you liked Gratuitous Space Battles, and wished it was turn based...you'll like this game.If you prefer MOO to MOO2, because of simplified colony management...you'll like this game.Its bascially a turn based gratuitous space battles with elements of moo like colony management."
76561198025153424,Recommended,282210,17567165,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,86.icarus,"Interesting lightweight strategy game.Nowhere near Total War, Starcraft, Heroes or any of the Civilization games. It gets a bit repetitive quite quickly, and there doesn't seem to be much depth in the strategy either.The game was designed to go along Civ : BE (there are some bonuses provided in each game if you own both), so I think the shallowness is intended.Still, for $5 on a Steam Sale, I think it's worth it. Overall a 6/10."
76561198066709287,Recommended,282210,31641515,Posted: 9 May,all,Kipo Senpai,My favorite timekiller~
76561198053417945,Not Recommended,282210,19870295,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,none,"Crashes A Lot.   Not the Starships,  the game.   Honestly - A little QC goes a long way !It amazes  me a company can Produce a golden hit like XCOM - a game by which all other games are compared,and then crank out a defective game like BEYOND EARTH and STARSHIPS.BEYOND EARTH is playable now, after many updates...But STARSHIPS is just ... no.Don't bother.It is a frustrating waste of your time.Simply Stated:  Good Idea, in Alpha prototype condition.Ideally, you could actually merge Beyond Earth planet files, your Civilization Earth File, and Starships and actually play as the Federation of Planets, or the Commonwealth, or the Empire Galactica...I would love to see Beyond Earth Planets integrated into Starships.This game as it stands, is  Version  0 .4.   I would wait for version 2.2...Cross integrate XCOM into Beyond Earth - where the aliens are attacking one of your planets, and you play XCOM on your own Beyond Earth Planet - that would be AMAZING!"
76561197981204347,Not Recommended,282210,19767831,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Stellar,"Not worth the time/money. It's a very simple Turn Based Strat game set in Civ: BE. Barely any continuing support for it, hasnt been updated in months. It has some novelty with the Civ BE bonus content you can unlock but its just a boring game. I've had multiple playthroughs of each race/affinity and theres nothing unique, theres no engaging lore. $$ better spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,282210,16435221,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,scott181182,"This is a quick, lightweight game, but is amazingly enjoyable. For the cheap price, even when it's not on sale, I would recommend getting it. It brings the strategy of turn-based games we love not only to a galactic campaign of expanding space federations but also to tactical space battles above planets that introduce detailed elements of combat that you might know from non-Civilization Sid Meier's titles. Games can be short, but it's easy to jump into another one."
,Not Recommended,282210,14873716,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,KiLLAN,It speaks volumes that the hardest achevement in the game is to loose!
76561197984510272,Not Recommended,282210,15015372,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Fact,lacks what i expect from a Sid Meier's Game
,Recommended,282210,17538546,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,WhaleOne,"Despite what is being said about this game, there is a bit of depth. Yeah, it's a short game but I like it for that. I don't always need to spend the hours at Civ 5 or the Paradox Games (Though it is one of my favourite things to do).It's not a five course meal, but it's a quick run to the drive through and it's filling for what it is."
76561198107912485,Not Recommended,282210,17069458,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,alexb199024,I have not gotten to play more than 5 min of this game due to it crashing every time. i have uninstalled and reenstalled multiple times to no avail.
76561197984951280,Not Recommended,282210,17695649,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Pandemic,"this is a very simple game, it's ok.  It's biggest flaw is that it takes forever to do anything.  I'm over here watching youtube just wondering when I'll get to do anything.  2/10 will never play again."
76561197987439750,Not Recommended,282210,16837814,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,fliteline,"When you pay for a game like ""Starships"" you expect it to work after it is downloaded.  This doesn't work after the first few words of the introduction and all they say is it has a corrupted or missing file. Why is it up to me to fix it instead of STEAM fixing the original file before it is bought and downloaded?fliteline@tpg.com.au"
76561197970812522,Not Recommended,282210,14891669,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Klintus Fang,A boring and very basic 4X space sim that is barely worth of the name 4X.  It unfortunately has no more depth than a $2 cellphone app.
76561198123557212,Not Recommended,282210,14877920,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,kochdog22,The game looks good and runs smoothly but there are things wrong with it. Trying to upgrade my fleet is impossible. It says I can buy upgrades but it doesn't register any of my clicks therefore my fleet is incapable of getting anywhere.The tutorial isn't really a tutorial but if you know how civ works then you don't really need it. It isn't as big as any other civ game but it is a nice little game. Controlling your ships in battle is a nice touch in the civ series because you get to control how the battle will turn out instead of attacking a unit and letting the AI determine the outcome.If they fix the bug where the fleet can't be upgraded then I will give this game a positive recommendation but until then I can't recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,282210,14877937,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Velhote,"Are you a fan of Sid Meyer?DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Are you a fan of Zynga and facebook games?BUY THIS GAME NOW.The better metaphor i can come up for this game is Mettalica recording a Miley Cirus cover album. It have got ZERO strategy depth, NO MEANINGFULL CHOICES, and is easy as hell. Really. No Sid game was so shalow ever before.It is a mobile game in disguise. Ultra casual, no strategy system worth mentioning.God i would like to have my money back."
76561198108329432,Not Recommended,282210,14879576,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,lady2isis,"<Too Lazy To Read; Read This>!!! Close this page and spend your money elsewhere, seriously !!!This game doesn't deserve Sid Meier's name...are we even sure Sid had anything to do with this game?And to add salt to the wound, this game is made by the people at 2K Games and Firaxis, great people who are responsible for one of my favourite games, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, is an utter disgrace.The game feels like it was from an indie company, it plays, feels, looks, sounds LIKE an indie game. As a matter of fact, an indie company would make an even better version than this Android/iOS hack game!Trust me when i say this, it isn't worth the money, isn't worth the bandwidth nor electricity bill, even if it was for $0.99!This is the FIRST time in my life i regret buying a game....I wish i could get a refund."
76561197985434547,Not Recommended,282210,14884630,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Scorpians,Sid should stop putting his names on games.
,Not Recommended,282210,14880662,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TheZorro,"Also, ich weiss nicht, ich habe mehr erwartet. Das Spiel macht schon irgendwie Spass, aber wenn man sich nicht allzu dumm anstellt, ist das Spiel meist nach 10min vorbei. Von einem Rundenstrategie-Spiel von Sid hätte ich mir doch mehr erwartet, vor allem mehr Tiefe, mehr Möglichkeiten. Ich kann es leider für den Preis nicht empfehlen."
76561198010827587,Recommended,282210,30615188,Posted: 19 March,all,Yahito of Clan Helka,"Not the most involving game and I'm glad I got it on sale, but not as negative as some folks led me to believe. Think of it more like a glorified browser game and you'll have some fun with it. Torpedos are a little OP though if my playthrough indicates anything (I got some tech that let me spam them and even one was able to wipe out the opposing fleet)"
,Recommended,282210,23590846,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Robobob,It's like a fun simplified verson of Master of Orion with that Beyond Earth flair.  I like that you can play a full game easily with a couple hours as opposed to a couple days ... or even a couple weeks like some 4X games.
,Recommended,282210,15907478,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Xeno,"It's a decent game with simple ways to win or lose.Pros:+Map Environments change with each battle.+Strength of you and your opponent can depend on many factors.+Each leader has a certain bonus to them and a more advanced portrait in their Affinities.+Missions can constantly change on one world outside of borders and not on Pirate and Maurauder homeworlds.+Each planet has it's own special category of populace and can boost certain things.+You can be heavily outnumbered and still pull a victory.Cons:-Even if you set only one winning setup, the game will still accept the rest from other empires.-I feel like diplomacy is half baked or still in a doughy form.-Idk how or why empires of different affinities can come together, makes little sense.Overall it's pretty good, it's meant to be a short little side game after Beyond Earth.It's got the quality, but it has a few unwanted and confusing perks in it."
,Not Recommended,282210,14889681,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ninjat,"Seems like just a rushed phony game, really has no strategy to it, and AI is predictable."
,Not Recommended,282210,14934794,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,sardaukar_77,"Don't get me wrong, it is a fun little game that would be great for iPad or other tablet, but twenty bucks for a PC game on this caliber isn't worth it. Maybe if you are new to the Civilization type games or have a touch screen monitor it may be worth it."
,Not Recommended,282210,14932874,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,dbacher,"Mediocre at best, this is a disappointing entry.  While I can forgive most of Civ:BE's flaws, especially in light of 2.0, this game largely plays like it walked right off of an Apple 2, with hardly any actual depth.This is a tablet game or smart phone game, that should be selling at $0.99, and not a game that should be at the $15 price point.  The tie in to Civ:BE is poorly thought out, and is largely a sham.  However, the graphics are good and it's stable, which puts it unlike most of the releases from some vendors here.But overall, repetetive, lifeless and smartphone."
76561198056486097,Not Recommended,282210,14863876,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Csirkefarhát,"This would be a good game on a smartphone, but it's not even changed for pc, there is no full screne play.I would have enjoyed it greatly, if it would be slighly more complex.But as it is, it's more suited for someone who never played real turn based strategy or 4x games.Still, not bad at all, just not good enough."
76561197984960395,Not Recommended,282210,14882317,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Warren,"Imagine Civilization Beyond Earth as a tablet game about spaceships, and you have this.It's not bad, it's just shallow and lacking in areas that make a Civ game so good. Normally I would spend hourson this but... it's too simple. I understand the 'simple to get hard to master mechanic', but here its simply ' easy to get, moderately annoying to understand'.The leaders are not animated in any way, there are very very few voice files, so expect to hear the same things on repeat.The combat is an extension of Civ V's system aplied to spaceships, and not much else, some battlefield obstacles mixed in perhaps.I'm glad they only charged £11 for it, because this isn't worth £15, let alone a full game.If you take it as a concept mini-game, it's great. As a standalone, you'll be done in a couple hours, easy."
76561198027240604,Not Recommended,282210,14886277,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,James Anthony,"I am a huge fan of Sid meier's games but this one is a stinker.....It feels like an iphone game,has no real depth and can be completed in 30 mins to an hour and should you want to keep playing after the lazy victory/defeat message you are out of luck ,just takes you back to main menu.If this had some tweaks such as being able to control multiple fleets,better tech tree eg more like civ or BE it would probably be an average game at best.The final straw for me was playing domination victory game and 30 mins later ended up losing due to a rival getting the population victory so that setting clearly means nothing and others have experienced this as well.if this was on a 80% sale i would say sure get it but full price? no way!"
76561197997989420,Not Recommended,282210,14885937,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Zomby,"Overall it is ok, but it is missing one extra layer of complexity to make it replayable and fun."
76561198009741617,Recommended,282210,19723761,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,A Barb 3030,"I have played a few games now. The games don't run long, but it is really fun. I have kids so I play in the morning for a hour amd a hour at night. This game fits in that time frame. The battles are fun and I like spaming fighters. You will learn not to leave your ships rear open because it can cause issues! I have had a lot of fun with this game and has a replay to it, but that is what I think."
,Recommended,282210,20070799,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,JolanXBL,"Cute little 3D graphics.Artwork is very clean.Sounds work for their intended purpose.Music is exciting & fits the bill.There is some of that ducking behind cover, but you can sit out in the open if that's your thing.It's a smooth operator for some casual space strategy & resource management."
76561198008501262,Recommended,282210,20153062,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SheerTorcher,"I think that this game suffers mixed reviews not because it's a bad game, but because it comes with the Sid Meier label and gamers have come to expect that Sid Meiers games are deep, filled with management options, and usually long. This game, however, has streamlined management, a shallower tech tree, and can be very quick (over and done in 40 minutes on regular settings.)Despite the mixed reviews I bought it, played it, enjoyed it, and thought it was well worth the 7.95 I paid for it. I found it was good for about 8 to 10 hours of play."
76561198011766963,Not Recommended,282210,26125308,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,nAtOeD,"This is the worst game to bears Sid Meier's name.""Surely it's not that bad"" You say.I'm afraid it is.In the build up to the release of the game there was little doubt that it was going to be a less involved game to play then the typical Sid Meier fare, more Ace Patrol then Civilization 5. When developers were discussing the game, that was pretty clear and I have no qualms with that.In fact I was quite happy with the idea of a strategy game designed so I could play over an evening after work.Initial impressions are poor. The game launching in a tiny window and into a bare, personality-less main menu that could have been ripped from any sci-fi title (it reminded me of the Sword of the Stars 2 menu). I sought out the settings menu and within that I found volume controls and ""Windowed Full Screen mode"".I'm sorry what?I know the game was being made for tablet as well, but this is Firaxis. I asked another friend playing it ""Am I missing a settings menu somewhere?"" bemusedly. ""Nope"" He replied ""It really is that sparse""Oh well. Not a great first impression, but not necessarily the end of the world. I setup a game.Setup lets you pick a faction and a leader. Each faction gets the same leaders, with slightly rejigged artwork. Which comes across as a bit lazy. The factions have a unique bonus with the leaders adding an additional bonus of their own. I was a little bemused at what the various bonuses meant as I only knew about one aspect of the game (crew morale) from previews nothing else made a lot of sense and there was nothing to explain the benefits of a choice, no tooltips, nothing.The lack of tooltips persists throughout, with a general lack of accessible information.I setup my game, stabbing blindly in the dark at things that sounded usefulThe galactic playing field looks alright and I wait for the useful tutorial to kick in and explain things to me over my first few turns. I get nothing. I understand there's an info button to click but I don't understand why there's a lack of tutorial and I fumble around the first few turns getting to grips with the games systems.As the game is all about moving a fleet around space bringing disparate planets into a federation you'd expect load out/designing of the ships to be one of the most involved aspects of the game. Instead, you're presented with a list of things to click away at to upgrade or downgrade (removing components nets you some resources back to spend elsewhere) different aspects of each ship.My fleet consisted of three ships throughout the course of the game, starting as corvette's, ending as battleships through upgrades and the games automatic ship classification. All 3 focused on speed, one was paticularly tough and loaded with close range weaponry. One was less tough, also had close range weaponry and could cloak. One had longer range weapons. The limitation to what you can actually do with ships meant all of them had max speed, and were stupidly tough by about mid way through. But this simple setup felt game breaking. I could defeat any mission or enemy fleet, outside of the missions where you have to defend an outpost that can only survive two hits with fast enemies that just head straight for it.The empire building aspect of the game is no more involved. ""Click this to make numbers go up, because numbers"" about sums up this aspect of the game. There's no interesting trade off between balancing metal, food or energy. Get lots of whatever you can, click stuff to have more stuff.I actually beat my game accidentally. I was working my way from planet to planet, building one ludcriously over powered wonder after another because why not, then a conquered a planet which also had a wonder and triggered the wonder victory.Well victory nets you a much more rewarding end then it does in Beyond Earth at least. You get 10 seconds of video which is better then a text box. But does it really matter when the rest of the game is so unengaging?Overall, it's an ok game to have on a tablet, nothing stand out, even where there isn't much competition. But on the PC there's tons. Weird Worlds in Infinite space did something similar but better years ago and it's Early Access sequel likely will to. There is no reason to buy this game for the PC, and very little for a tablet.BTW - SOMEBODY ELSE WROTE THIS REVIEW, BUT IT SUMS UP THE GAME FOR ME"
,Not Recommended,282210,14874747,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,[3/5] Dirty Spy,"Game is basically a phone game port for 3-4 times the price. Not great, crashes every 30 minutes or so for me. Disappointing."
,Not Recommended,282210,14857196,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dobs,"Although the game is fun, it is simply too expensive for what little content it has.Fun for around 2-20 hours.Buy it for 7,50€ to 10,00€."
76561197987262228,Recommended,282210,14915006,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,javelin98,"I think a lot of the negative reviews of this game may be due to people expecting a MoO/Civ hybrid, which this game certainly isn't.  However, it is still an excellent game in its own right, much faster moving and with better depth than Sid's Pirates, which is also a game I enjoyed.This game is really quite reminiscent of a tabletop miniatures game combined with an extensive campaign system.  There really are three parts to the game:  resource development, resource allocation, and tactical starship combat.  The first two are accomplished during those times when you grant your crew ""shore leave"" -- a fancier way of pressing the standard Civ turn button -- and watching the enemy players go through their turns.  You have to upgrade planets, develop galactic wonders, repair damaged ships, conduct diplomacy, and research newer and higher levels of technological advancement.  At any point during or after this process, you can send your fleet into combat by attacking another system.This, to me, is the most engaging part of the game.  The tactical combat has a distinctly tabletop feel.  If you've ever played Starmada, Full Thrust, Star Fleet Battles, Battlefleet Gothic, etc., this will be very comfortable territory for you.  The tactical play is straightforward but engaging, with you maneuvering your ships through asteroid fields and around planets trying to both find a clear shot while trying to hide your ships from return fire by using those same obstacles to your advantage.  The maps with asteroids aren't static, either;  the asteroids float about between turns, so you are constantly having to keep an eye on how the tactical situation is changing.  The graphics are absolutely stunning.There are only three weapon types -- a short-range plasma gun, long-range laser, and slow but extremely powerful torpedoes (which can often kill a large ship in one shot).  I find that to be a little disappointing, as I think it would be great fun to design your own weapon systems, as can be done in Starmada.  Still, it gives enough variety to require you to think carefully and plan ahead as to how you will upgrade, employ, and protect your ships based on your resources and intended style of play (charge in, stand off and snipe, torpedo volleys...?).A few other things I wish were different:-- You can only have one fleet.  I'm not sure why this is, as I would far prefer the more realistic model of having fleets assigned to various sectors to reduce reaction times or enable pincer strategies and whatnot.-- It's easy, if you don't stay up on diplomacy and allow the AI players to gang up on you, to become quickly overwhelmed, as your planets are captured faster than you can recover and repair your fleet between combats.-- The diplomacy options could use some fleshing out, and I would love to see some espionage incorporated in the game.Overall, I'd give it a 7.5 out of 10 on my own ludicrously non-scientific grading scale."
76561198227027756,Not Recommended,282210,22988297,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sam Hyde,"Do not buy this game.Buy Stellaris instead. I love Sid Meiers, but this game was God awful.1/10"
,Recommended,282210,14871661,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MagrothJ,"Nice game. I see a lot of people complaining that it's too short (might be a positive thing also if you don't want to spend 40+ hours to finish a strategy game) and that it's too simplified or dumbed down. I haven't finished a game yet but I will so I'm not sure how long it is. It's nice though if it's relatively short also. And sure it's a bit simplified compared to 4X games, because I guess that's what people compare it to. I would rather compare it to Heroes of might and magic or King's Bounty but in space actually.Also there's the price tag. If this had been a 40€ game or such I guess I would have demanded a bit more from it. But as it is I really like it."
,Not Recommended,282210,15459671,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Experienced_Ager,"I figured this game would be a nice addition to Beyond Earth...I was wrong. In addition to the fact that the game is quite limited in scope, it doesn't particularly add quite the connectivity to BE as expected and it falls short in the enjoyment arena too. For instance, the largest map available in this game is call EPIC, but should have been named EPIC FAIL. The time that it takes you to get through the game itself is short and that was a disappointment as well considering the amounts of time that you would spend on prior Civ games.If you're a fan of Sid Meier or want to add on to your library, then go for it. Personally, I'd wait until the price were cheaper (or even free) or until the potential may exist for DLC's to this game to expand upon it."
76561197971369868,Recommended,282210,15034929,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ChuggerPump,"This is a fun game.  It's not complex a la Civilization, but just a simple fun game.  That's why I bought it, and it was well worth the $15."
,Recommended,282210,15795744,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,FiveOfCups,"Not the best game in the world, by any stretch... but it's FUN."
76561198031494571,Not Recommended,282210,14860410,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Strike,"Victory in 1 hour on hard difficulty and no intentions for replay. Uncle Sid, you sold me a prealfa? Where is the game of famous Sid Meier with “please, one more turn” and 100% replayability? Civ I was much better! It’s the second unfinished game you selling to people:1)	Absolutely unbalanced (purity against other bonuses);2)	No description of damage mechanics;3)	Strange science prices without any explanation (“+25% shield” 25% of what? That’s the base value?)4)	Idiotic AI without any diplomacy;5)	Overpowered torpedoes;6)	I can write 10 items more.Uncle Sid, please, send me the link for the real Game!"
,Recommended,282210,15088662,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,masterj132,"Basically Civ Lite - you have only one unit available, but the unit is vastly customisable and upgradable - becoming very powerful.  The unit is used in missions, which give influence with the various planets you visit; and when 4 points of influence are accrued, the planet in question will join your federation, giving you access to all it's resources.There are several ways to win the game:  domination, population (controlling 51% of the population of the galaxy), science, wonder (building 6 wonders).  You can choose to have them all available, or just one.There are a good number of leaders available, each with different skills, and with three different versions of each leader to choose from, allowing yet more customisation.Despite all this the game feels a little unfinished and clunky, and is frankly in need of a decent tutorial level - as it can be a little confusing to start with.  There's also no real warning when the AI's about to win, which would be nice - so something could be done about it, like in Civ 5.All in all, I'd give this game 7/10 as once you get to grips with things it's a fun game.  I'd like it to be longer, but you can't have everything.  I consider it worth the money.  Took me about 25 hours to complete it on the hardest difficulty, which made it about 50p an hour."
76561198030716329,Recommended,282210,14911730,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,bstoddard32,"Is this Civ 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5? NO, however I like this game. It took I have played 6 times, completed it in 2 or 3 hrs 4 of the 6 times. so it short, kind of like railroads usually can play that game in 1 or 2 hrs. if you what the videos they released before the game and make your decision on that, I think you will be happy with this game. It's short but makes you think, when you play. that is what i like. Play the game at hard or better, much more enjoyable....."
,Recommended,282210,14925887,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,King Avory,"To some people it is a good game, and to others it is a bad one.I, myself, find that it is a rather good game to spend a couple of hours on battling your way though astroids and fleets of starships launching torpedos and scrambling fighters.I think I find this game entertaining mainly because of the battles. In most, if not all, of my Civilization games I end up being the passive diplomat whether in history or Beyond Earth but because of focus on battles and fighting in this game I can enjoy the otherside of conquest that I fail to meet under the white dove or neutrality.However the game does come with a few flaws to those expecting a huge 'triple-A' title. Each game is short and missons do get repetative if you replay each game on the same difficulty. I believe there are a few minor bugs in the diplomacy and which leaders relaliate too who owns what planet (which is not fully governed by a single 'Empire')However if you are looking for a quick Hex-based spaceship battle game you are in luck!Otherwise just give this one a pass; There is no reason to moan at the developers for creating a game that some people like and some people just want to cry about like two year olds with tantrums."
,Recommended,282210,14871375,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Kodo,"It's a good game but its a ipad game throught and throught, with that in mind i can say that i like it. Not what i expected from a Sid Meier game but still if you are into turn based games and the Beyond Earth Universe i whould recomend this. 7/10 for it to be higher it simply needs more content witch i dont think will happen but for the prize its a good buy."
76561198116296854,Recommended,282210,14870808,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Gamehere,"I recomend this game, It has a intresting stratergy mechanic, a questinable victory condition system, I've incountered a bug where the in game cursor doesn't match your windows one so, the in game cursor is above the one that actualy does stuff. even though at the moument it's not playable for me; for the 2 hours I played this game for I still enjoyed it."
76561197994830695,Not Recommended,282210,14940852,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Admiral Doughnuts,"So far, it would be fun to play without it crashing every 30 seconds."
76561198068090464,Recommended,282210,14878468,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Timo5511,"I Personally like the game, it is a filler title, but i do like its short campaigns. You probably should not buy this if you expect something like GalCiv."
76561198001469983,Not Recommended,282210,14935453,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Xerek,The game certainly isn't worth the money being asked for it as it's only fun for an hour max. Once you get into it everything is a repeat that and repeat this and do the same all over again next round. Also the game crashes an awful lot on the PC. Maybe it's better on a tablet but there are far better games for less money available.After the disappointment of Beyond Earth this is the final nail in the coffin. Games carrying Sid Meier's name and being published by Firaxis are on a no buy list effective immediately.
,Not Recommended,282210,32804355,Posted: 26 June,all,X,A game that forces you to watch YT to learn it!
76561197962234936,Not Recommended,282210,14863911,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,sapperman7,Sid Meier is still making 1980's games in 2015
76561198029096839,Not Recommended,282210,14881499,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,CaptKent,"I wish I knew what I was getting before I actually paid for this.  I have played Sid Meier's games off and on over the years, but this is one that is truly sorry in execution, playability, development, everything.First experience:I played what was defaulted small,Easy, 4 AI, All victory conditions.  The game lasted about five minutes with it laughing in my face saying: going through the tutorial noob...  oh wait there is no tutorial, or any of the sort of helpfulness to get into the game.I gave it another go: Epic map, conquest...  my bad, I mean domination.  I had thought I had to mean conquer your enemies and all their territory...  Nope.  Just take over 42% +/- of the map.  this includes waiting for your galactic neighbors to become nice and ripe and take over their homeworld and all their space becomes yours...  and the A.I. knows this too...  and is horribly imbalanced.  An AI corvette can kill an AI battleship no sweat.Which by the way, it should take a bit more work to conquer an enemy homeworld or enemy space.  Sure striking their homeworld could hit their moral, but an AI shouldn't just up and give up all their space at the loss of their home planet."
76561197993787449,Not Recommended,282210,14902133,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sorrell,"Am a long time Civ and Foraxis fan. Wasnt impressed with Beyond Earth and am very unimpressed with this. Its the sort of game you play for  an hour, not a weekend. Not what I expected from the the master of the week long game."
,Not Recommended,282210,14895587,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TAFKAV,"I expected a much better product. I expected the game to be a space version of Civ... it belongs on the app store for 5 bucks, give us the wanted dlc/ expansions for beyond earth, not what ever this is."
,Recommended,282210,15025989,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Arctorius,"I like most aspects of the game except for 1, I don't get to play it enough. I love the combat system, even though once you realize that maxing out fighters pretty much wins every scenario. The big gripe I have about the game is that you can't keep playing after you win, and there's no victory condition that will let you play the game out long enough that you take over the whole galaxy.  I get attached to the empire I've built and I get miffed when I win just as I've formulated a plan for taking out those damned greens! I know this is meant to be a game played quickly and often as opposed to over the long term but I wish I could make that choice rather than having it forced on me."
,Recommended,282210,15017109,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Inspector Gulok,I like it! It's light and yet engaging. It's not Civ V but it's not meant to be. Read about the game before you buy it...*
76561197980155191,Recommended,282210,15110478,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,jsldub,"A great space strategy game, with turn based combat.Application wouldn't start for me, and no useful support topics other than the one Steam Discussion Mega-Thread------Application Doesn't Start? and your laptop has both nvidia and intel video adaptors?TIP: Open nvidia control panel, add the application executable path from steamapps\, and force to use the nvida card."
,Recommended,282210,14915238,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MoonDance,"This game has more than enough to suck me into it with the lure of ""one more turn"". If that isn't worth the price, I don't know what is. It's a simpler version of the bigger epic Civ games, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Not everyone has a few weeks to spare learning all the intricacies of the Mongolian army versus the Greek, and playing out the diplomacy.I enjoyed this far more than Beyond Earth, which felt like a less engaging hack of Civ V.Starship ticks all my boxes for a fun space game. If you enjoy upgrading your fleet, inter-planet resource management, and like to actually finish your game without dragging everything out to weeks, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,282210,14862913,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,The_Stargazer,"Had high hopes for the game after the failure of Sid Meyers's Beyond Earth... But this game manages to greatly exceed Beyond Earth in its failure.This is feels like a $5 tablet game that they are selling on PC for $15....* Incredibly simplistic gameplay* No Multiplayer* AI is incredibly bad. Half the time three quarters of their fleet will fly away from me even though they have me ridiculously outgunned* Missions are incredibly repetitiveI wasn't expecting a AAA game since it only cost $15... But given the number of FREE to play games out there that are amazing to play, this was a big disappointment.Above all it is... boring."
76561198006640356,Not Recommended,282210,14862955,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ratisbona,"good enough for tablet, but not for PC.way overpriced for €14,99"
76561198021659196,Not Recommended,282210,14864243,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MorallyGray,"Ive been contemplating how to write a reveiw for this game. Simply put this is an extremely simplistic, mobile game, with the desire to be something more. Truely this game falls on its face once you start, you will immeditly notice how much of BE/Civ 6 has been recycled. I would have prefered an expantion to BE than this. it a nice concept but it lack almost everything to do with CIv, other than idea of having similar names. If this had multy, i may have been swayed towards enjoying out chessing my friends.This is a single only game with very predictable AI, making the torpedos broken as ♥♥♥♥. many of the wonders in this are useless because they provide benifits that would only fool a human and not the computer. The wonder victory is too easy to win as well, I inadvertantly won just by building 5 wonders on the impossible difficulty. needless to say it is an easy game too.Out of all the people to select, there are all the sponsors from BE with the addition of one more person, many of them are pointless as there are some that are just simply more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t than others. The afinity system is back, but only as a shadow. Unlike in BE the afinity system is a passive mechanic that something that does nothing to change how you play.........TL:DR.........Worth $2-$5 MAYBE......At $15 i feel like i wasted money.Mobile game quality.Single only.Stupidly simplistic.EASYWorth about 3h of play before you forget this exists."
76561198015323725,Not Recommended,282210,14866593,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,jasontackaberry,"If you enjoy a buggy UI and paying $17 for a $5 tablet game, then you will like this game.This is the first fullpriced game I've regretted purchasing.  Terrible."
,Recommended,282210,16498367,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sylveonica,Write a review for Sid Meier's Starships
76561198086307261,Not Recommended,282210,23492341,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,woody0454,A waste of money. Basically a smart phone game with jacked up prices
76561198031870022,Not Recommended,282210,14960912,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,saab_leader,is that all there is to this game     played 1 hour    dominate it ....very dissapointed i have all sid meiers games  ..and for a turn base game   it has nothing  .. nothing to build .nothing conquer ....if u play to good u win to fast .u cant dominate and persue in  the game.cant change anything really  besides number of player  and size .... startrek armada is better done then this  . cant believe i payed 16 $ for this
,Not Recommended,282210,14992377,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,JoeWhizer,"After playing an half of an hour, I can say that - at the current stage - it's not worth buying.A lot of serious issues on the PC version. There is already a guide available how to bypass/workaround the most issues, but some of this won't work for me. For example:1. Borderless FullscreenThe game offers a borderless fullscreen mode to play. When you activate it, you still have your Windows taskbar visible. You can workaround this issue by using the tool ""Borderless Gaming"". This really works good.2. Not able to save the gameIn some circumstances you won't be able to save the game: special character in steam user name, not running in admin mode, running the wrong executable (i.e. 32bit on 64bit). Most of this is not working for me. I really don't want to change my user name to be able to save in a game. That is weird. They should be able to fix this, other games (also Beyond Earth) works fine with saving. Also in Steam Cloud, so why?3. Game is crashing in the introThe workaround described in the link below is not working for me. I need to just bypass the intro by clicking left mouse. If you forget to click, game over.For me it seems the game had absolutely no testing at all. That would explain the price. My recommendation is currently to wait for a major patch that addresses the most issues. If you still decide to buy this game, then make yourself aware of the workarounds:http://segmentnext.com/2015/03/13/sid-meiers-starships-errors-bugs-crashes-full-screen-save-game-and-fixes/I will update this review once a patch is available and the game would maybe playable for me. Currently it's not because saving is not working for me."
76561198166417933,Not Recommended,282210,15016120,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lordfalco,This isn't really a game. Even on full epic mode there are only 6 competitors and maybe 25 worlds. It seems more like a add-on to 'test' the waters before making a complete game. Don't waste your money.
76561198033724630,Recommended,282210,14875231,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Capt,"Great for what it is. A nice addition to Beyond Earth. It does feels more likd DLC than a stand alone game, but is still very enjoyable. It would greatly benefit from a modding community! Someone make some ST:TNG and Star Wars ship models, Engage!"
76561198030200958,Not Recommended,282210,15014887,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,doublem_22,Meh
76561198009078977,Recommended,282210,14894776,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,kyu,"Kyu's Review for this game, Sid Meier's Starships:Me:  I play way too many games, almost all the time.  I grew up on RPGs and turn based strategies, but I would play everything given the time and money.  That being said, I mostly stick to strategy, rpgs, fps, arcade, rhythm, ccgs, lcgs, board games, fighting games, etcI am going to tell you how I boiled the game down, and win relatively easily.  I don't have a sample size of 100 games, but I am 3 for 3 on easy, moderate, and hard, with max players, small and epic sizes, all 3 affinities, etc.  Impossible is the only mode i have yet to touch.#1 strat:  Fighters.  The names may not be exact, but here is what you need:Dual Command Wonder -- allows ships to perform 2 actions per turn (but cannot Fire twice)Hyperlauncher Wonder -- allows your fighters full movement when launchedUpgrade as you normally would, engines, armor, shields, primary weapon.  Get more ships, 5 or 6 is a good strong fleet.  Then, get 2 or more fighters on every ship.Here is why 1 starfight is not good --> If you turn is to move ships up, and launch a fighter from each, opponent can move up, and destroy them easily.  So nothing is gained, your fighters are dead, effectively a waste of your energy on that upgrade, right?However, with the Dual Command Wonder, you can launch two fighters.  So even if half of them are destroyed, you are now up the other half on the enemy. If you have 4 fighters per ship, you can do that again next turn.  The Swarm is an achievement, and its a very real thing.  Make sure to science upgrade fighters 2 or 3 times for the random modules on them.  Even on hard, I had Fighters that could take 2 or 3 hits from enemy ships.  You can also use the Hyperlaunch to get a full move out of the fighters, and hit them, before they are destroyed, even if you dont have the dual command wonder.  Dual Command Wonder also applies to your Fighters, though all they can do is double impulse, or fire+impulse.The rest of ""how to win"" is upgrade sensibly from the bottom up, find the cheapest thing, upgrade it first.  Get the most for your money.  BE SURE to get every planet a WARP NEXUS.  This will allow you to be able to protect all of your planets from any of your other planets.  You will be able to move between them without crew exhaustion.A note on torpedoes, use them to Zone the enemy fleet.  You can see where they will be in 2 turns, so aim for places you dont want the AI to move into.  If they do, boom they die, if they dont, fine they are in worse position and you get to move in.  Just watch out for their torpedoes, especially if they have stealth torpedo wonder.So what will happen is, you do your turn, the AI does theirs, and if you have a strong fleet of Fighters and Warp Nexus upgardes everywhere, you can defend everything successfully, taking little to no fleet damage, meaning you dont need to repair or worry about attrition from battle to battle.  New turn, go dominate someone.  Survive the counterattack, and this continues until you finally win.I will say that on Hard, the AI fleets were better upgraded significantly.  They are more dangerous early on, so be a little wary.All in all, a 1 thing beats all strategy means its not good gameplay balance.  But... its just comp stomp i guess.  So nobody can be too mad.  For $15 you will get your value out of it, but it doesn't offer any super great planning or depth of thought.  I was hoping there would be more to it, I thought you would be making separate fleets, possibly an actual tech tree, so on.  I don't hate what is there, I just think it could have been a little better."
76561197994985153,Not Recommended,282210,15015347,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,dmack2k7,horruble game not what i expected
76561198060812498,Not Recommended,282210,18140838,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Canvas,I buy it because beyond earth on sale with the game in bundle. The game itsel is not very funny not worth buy it alone.(I reaaly should buy beyond earth alone!!!!!!!!!!!)
76561198110268059,Not Recommended,282210,18552349,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Murplesman,"I do really want to like this game, but I just can't. It really isn't easy to pick up and play, and does not deserve to be the sequel to the great Civilization games. It feels like they just copy-and-pasted from the mobile version (which they probably did). It  is uninteresting and my 0.1 hours on record shows just how bad it is. I tried multiple times to really play the game for a long while but it always crashed or lagged or generally frustrated me."
76561197972360500,Not Recommended,282210,14982085,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Graxoper,"20 Mar 2015 - Wow, this feels like it should still be in Early Release.  This would fit better as a mod for Beyond Earth.  Map scrolling is horrible; either too little or too much.  No tutorial, though most things are easy enough to figure out.  No exit button.  No video options other than full/windowed.  Full screen not completely full screen, task bar still displayed.  I've not tried the cross game option with Beyond Earth yet.This game has potential though, as long as they keep developing it."
76561198072048288,Recommended,282210,14914063,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,HiveMindedGod,"First off: STOP COMPARING IT TO CIV PEOPLEWith that out of the way, this game is pretty fun for a $15 gameThe combat and conquering is pretty decently played out.The only thing I would ask for is more depth of gameplay, but I feel like that could harm the simplistic core of the game."
76561198048096716,Recommended,282210,23673645,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Maestro,"This game is great!  It is super quick and has a lot of different routes to completion.  The diplomacy leaves something to be desired, but the overall result is a quick smooth game thqat you can pick up and put down with ease without losing the overall goal of play."
76561198088503903,Not Recommended,282210,22033032,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Lordtj,"Sadly this is a large let down to the Sid Meier's IP. Where I was expecting and pre ordered what I thought to be a new type of Beyond Earth with the possiblity of a Horde mode or defence in classic Civilizations fashion, I got what would be good for an IOS or Andriod game. I beat the game within 2 hours on the hardest difficulty. It blended the Battles of Xcom with a hybrid and to be honest really crappy version of Civilization managment into one whole hot mess. While the battles were fun, they were incredibly easy and unsatisfying for a long lasting Civilization fan like myself. For a few dollars this game would be worth it, but sadly that would be charging a high price for it. The 22$ I paid for the pre order was a complete rip off. Overall I cannot recommend this game to nearly anyone, with the exception being the few games who only have an hour or so to spare every once in a while or those who have very low end PCs."
76561197970943364,Not Recommended,282210,14961219,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ihgame,"Unfortunately I cannot recommend this game.  It's a mobile phone game not a PC one.  The is little to no depth and very little replayability.  It's something to do to pass the time while your waiting for a bus and probably wont take longer than the bus journey to complete.  I get the feel that it could of been developed into a reasonable PC title, but evidently the programmers only wanted an easy mobile game."
76561198004711201,Not Recommended,282210,15896963,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,mail,"Initially got stuck on the ""How To Play"" screen.No obvious button of way to proceed.Esc did the trick but then the game was unplayable, crashed within 30 seconds every time I tried."
,Not Recommended,282210,20254786,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Arenlor,"I've played for less than an hour, and that's likely all I'll ever play this. I bought it at 50% off, and it's not even worth that. It feels like it should be a free game on some flash-based games site."
76561198059335099,Not Recommended,282210,20105101,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,liquidChryme,"Even with the 50% odd ""discount"", this game wasn't worth it. I'm already tired of this game after 2hours. Game still has a few bugs to sort out.I like what they tried to do with it. however, it ended up a total mess in the end.Asking for refund."
,Not Recommended,282210,15399458,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Drew,You want a review?..................../´¯/)..................../¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'....'/´'¯\¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(................./'...'|.........\....................../..........\.............. _.·´...........\..............(............\..............\.There you have it
76561198016424941,Recommended,282210,14920190,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,th31u40rg0t,"This games is absolutley adictive!  Very easy to learn the basics and once you know them you are all set.  But don't think that that means the games is easy, no, no even on an easy setting the games is still very challenging esspecially when you have All Victory modes on.I would like to see more multiplayer options as right now there are none, but the games is still very young as it was just released yesterday March 15, 2015.  I only see good things in the future for this games!"
76561197970835490,Not Recommended,282210,14901496,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,robblindsay,"I feel cheated by this title. Anyone expecting a rich, rewarding, deep Civ game is going to be as disappointed as I was. This is a mobile game at best- not a great one either. The tech system is BS, no new trechnologies, just levels in existing ones, The ship upgrade system is BS, you don't get to design the layout of your ship, you just increase stats and the model changes slightly. The city building is BS, again it's just increasing stats with little to no progression. Missions are BS, they're either obscenely difficult or iunsultingly easy with no means to gauge just how hard they are. Not tried out the interface with Civ: Beyond Earth and I'm not sure I can be bothered attempting it.This game made me sad. It made me feel like I'd been conned. 3/10, Avoid. There are better examples of games like this for less money. Come on Sid, we know you can do better than this."
76561198017022127,Not Recommended,282210,14926595,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,unixwolf,"Fun but the game but the AI always wins; by the time you have taken control of 3 or 4 systems, the AI has 7 or 8, or even more.  The same problem that Civ: Beyond Earth has, even on the easiest setting the computer AI is not balance properly."
76561198012199044,Not Recommended,282210,14893734,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ayardeni,very bad game - after being a huge fan of Civ for a long time - that's it beyond earth was nothing to be happy about but this is sad...
76561198074259761,Not Recommended,282210,14892976,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Necromorphine,"While I find the game to be entertaining at best, I can easily see why many people are completely underwhelmed and disapointed, especially for a Sid Meier's title. There is little to no story or character to the game, and the core gameplay is heavily lacking. If anything, this would have served as a nice quirky sidegame added to Beyond Earth, but is by no means worth $15, regardless of the fact that it has crash multiple times within the first hour of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,282210,14893015,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Michael,"A leap forward ? Or a step backwards ?When I think of Sid Meier Games, I think of complexity, good balancing,  time investment. If I think about the first day I saw Starships announced, I was very enthusiastic about a space game made by the creators of Civilization. I couldn't wait until the day it comes out on Steam, checking every day the time left.And then the time came, and I made the leap of faith to buy it and play it. What happened next not only puzzled me, it saddened me quite a bit.The first time I launch a new game I always check the options menu to set up my audio and video settings. This time I couldn't find ANY graphic options and I started thinking of Starships like I would an unfinished/unpolished game. It felt like an Alpha version of a future game.Nevertheless, I still wanted to see the game mechanics and what was in this game content wise.A couple of clicks and choices later I was in a brand new universe managing a planet and 2 starships.5 hours later and a few restarts I already finished the game on domination and I slapped my face because of the lack of a challenge behind the game. I'm not even inclined to open it another time for another game. :(If you are looking for a quick, skirmish like, march of war style, starship game, this is the game for you, if not, don't bother.My packet thoughts :- over simplified options (every option included ! actions/buildings/research/ship modules/wonders/even the EPIC galaxy is tiny)- very stupid AI (shoot 5 torpedoes towards them and they will turn tail and run)- few research options and too easy to reach- lvl 8 capacity on every ship module (WHAT?!)- 8 maximum ships in a fleet !- only 1 FLEET !- very weak graphicsI hope with all my heart this is not a finished game. It had potential and it was a very, very, very bad failure!Overall feeling for a PC game : 8 year old mentalityI think this game is much more suited for tablets or phones. Even those are more complex..... did you know they developed MMORPG's on tablets?!?!?!??Please tell me your going to make massive changes to this game !"
76561198012133992,Not Recommended,282210,14897583,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,hardak,I was hyped up by just the name sadly this game doesn't live up to the sticker price let alone anything you would expect from it. don't pay more then 5$ for this!
76561198312095932,Recommended,282210,31040827,Posted: 9 April,all,epiclolyay,"Very small and quick games with a tiny galaxy even on the largest map possible. However it is still a great game and is very good if you just won't a casual, simple and action game. I highly recommend it!"
76561198056682679,Not Recommended,282210,23559439,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,rene.perron,Dont do it... just dont trust me on this loved all the Civ games this one is just odd not terrible I guess but if you come in with the expectation one normally does with the civ title you will be very disapointed
76561197987085996,Not Recommended,282210,14903849,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Nomad,"Casual light strategy game. Its a good game to kill a few minutes but there is no customization and little story, this is a good game to kill 5 minutes but after an hour it becomes dull. the end is anti climatic. this game does not deserve the Sid Meier name."
,Not Recommended,282210,14904171,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Буревестник,"Horrible game is horribly brokenI am rather dissapointed with this game. It is a nice idea but poorly implemented. Feels much more like a prerelease than a fully finished game from Sid - and I have been a great admirer of his for many decades!Easy enough to pick up and play - the game comes without any kind of guide or tutorial.Many achievements are not working - despite fullfilling described conditions, they do not activate.Graphics could be a little more interesting. There are only 3 ship graphs for the player. Upgrading your ships does not change them in any way - only in their description.The different starting characters and affinities do not really make the game play vastly different.It is rather difficult to determine during missions where and when what ship will be able to move and shoot, which takes away greatly from tactical play and makes it too much about brawn rather than brain.Missions while interesting almost always come down to the same boring tactics, which when mastered leave nothing to the imagination.The calculations of success of missions are way off.Diplomatic Negotiations are rather bizzare and often end up with player unable to tell what was concluded or how to improve matters.Play in Starships button in Beyond Earth while present is permentantly greyed out.A lot of the achievements don't work....Makes one wonder - what sort of testing went on before this pre-alpha was pumped out on Steam as a ""finished result"".End result - I just hope Modders have enough to work with here so that they can turn this title into what it ought to have been!"
76561198030844458,Recommended,282210,24268137,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,stcrispin,"As a Galactic Empire simulation this fails, but where it shines is the Turn Based Tactical Starship combat.Personally I really like this game BUT it feels like they only made the combat modual for a larger game, and then said ""Eff it, throw together some very simple mechanism for getting the player into combat and call it good.""  By this I mean the rest of the game (those parts not involving glorius combat) could have been programed by a high school student of the ""back in the day"" 1980's computer nerd type (as I was).Bottom line:  Turn Based Tactical Starship Combat:  Awsome!The rest of the game: Thrown together.I still recommend it though but get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,282210,18159876,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,The Juan Criminal,To quick and combat is for noobs.
76561198054814348,Recommended,282210,18200822,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Majii,"First things first, I really wish when they released this game they had released it without Sid Meiers name as this seems to be where alot of the negative reviews are based around. Looking at the game from Steam it SEEMS to be a giant 4X like Civilisation or Beyond Earth in space, however this is misleading. In no way is starships in the same league as the Civ series and while it may share the same 'universe' as Beyond Earth i dont believe it is in the same league as it either. Sid's name comes with expectations form the community that this game simply does not fill.However, if you look at this game independantly without his name attached it isnt a bad game. More importantly this game at $15 is still cheaper then a movie ticket.My advice, stick it on your wishlist and wait for the summer sale next year. Pick this up at a discount and give it a try while its not the best buy on Steam its not the worst either"
76561198042014788,Recommended,282210,14928640,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Zaldimmar,I Wish there was multiplayer but it is amazing and i  love it thats why i want multiplayer.
76561198003031861,Recommended,282210,14888451,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,//OCD// Cesario79,"Light but fun, it is easy to pick up and play.   While it works somewhat like civilization games, it is very light on the management aspect of it, and instead focuses on tactics.  I believe people have come to expect a bit too much out of games, especially at this price.  For $15 out of the gate, I think this is priced fairly.It is not as refined as other Civilization games, or Beyond Earth, but it is an enjoyable addition to the series.  I can't say I was disappointed.  I enjoyed it much more than Beyond Earth, to be honest.  Also, you should not expect some epic civilization building marathon game, because this is not it.  Games are done relatively fast.  Or maybe time just passes by quickly.  Either way, I think it is worth the price"
76561198038121242,Recommended,282210,14890731,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,phyk_xun,"If you do alot of MMOs and online gaming, this is a good game to get away from it all in.  A thinking game with which you can actually lean back in your chair and actually enjoy yourself.  Can't wait to see how it gets integrated with Beyond Earth,  as was advertised."
76561198037375184,Recommended,282210,14873278,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,"Exit, pursued by a bear.","The game is very simple. It took me about 1 minute to get the basics down, learned a few new things along the way, and ultimately cruised to victory on the moderate difficulty level.Having said that... I had fun. I felt that there wasn't much depth to some elements, namely resources and tech. The diplomacy is minimal and wasn't worth pursuing in my playthrough. The combat was enjoyable and the missions seemed varied enough. The wonders work better than you'd expect, though are so expensive that many aren't worth getting.Great game if you've got a few hours to spare. I'd definitely recommend picking it up on your tablet for plane/car trips.Not so great if you're hoping to burn the midnight oil in a long, detailed game similar to Civ."
76561197998544057,Recommended,282210,14887661,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ESSEMKEPLER,"Just finished my first game (on normal), so these are all initial impressions:Much like the Civilization ports for iOS, Starships is linear and short. I actually stumbled into a Wonder Victory while stomping through the galaxy to little resistance -- a domination victory probably wasn't that far off. I'll definitely have to increase the difficulty level in my next try.I didn't find much use for researching tech other than the ambiguous notion that it's helping me somehow. There's little context to tech developments like Artificial Intelligence (what does it mean for fighters to have a 'random module'?). It seems, though, like once I got fighters, the only thing I really needed to focus on was making sure that my starships had too much HP to be taken down.And there's absolutely no use to diplomacy other than to use it as a war on/off switch. You won't find the modifiers that you're used to in the Civ franchise, no helptext around why someone is angry/happy with you other than the general assumption that the closer you are to their border the less likely they are to want to be your friend, and maybe I'm an idiot but I didn't see anywhere where you could trade goods. Also, I found the fact that the other leaders were willing to give up all sorts of information about their empire (like how many ships they have, what their upgrades are, etc.), even in a peace treaty setting, a little weird, especially since war can be ignited as easy as clicking a button (there's no penalty for breaking a peace treaty, near as I've found).Though, I have to say that it's not like I had a bad time. The game seems fun enough for $15. I guess I haven't had a chance to experience the AI at a higher level, so maybe I'll feel like there's more strategic depth to the game once I do that.I mean, it's $15. Obviously not a fully fledged game. It's a time waster, so look at it through that lens before you pull the trigger."
76561197976504053,Recommended,282210,14873739,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Jelikal,"While I recomend Starships, I also give fair warning. This is NOT something you would expect from a Sid Meier's game.I do enjoy playing it, but I also see the short playability of it. Other games from Sid Meier's I can waste many days worth of hours playing. However, after playing this for only a handful of hours, it is already becoming a bit stale.The technical and tutorial issues expressed in other reviews are (as of this writing) are true and in many ways annoying. They do not greatly effect the overall experience though. That is, to me, probably the saddest part of the whole thing. The game is so shallow that even though there are some fairly glaring issues, they do not greatly affect the game. Were they all fixed this instant, it would hardly be noticable in the end. For example, the victory conditions only affecting the player and not the AI. It cuts the game a bit short unexpectedly, but the game play for the most part would be the same.So yes I recomend Starships as it is. The price was reflective of its small stature of a game so it was worth it in my opinion. Try to suspend your disbelief in reguards to its being a Sid Meier's game, or try your best to completely forget it. If you can do either of those thigs you should be fine. Otherwise I suggest seeking professional help from either a psychologist or your local micro brewery.It is at this point I would like to direct my words at Sid Meier and Faraxis ... please, oh please, redo this game in the grand history and style of every other Sid Meier's game made. It has potential and good ideas backing it in story and hope. Please do those things justice and meet the high bar you set for yourselves. Price it as you did Beyond Earth and Civ 5 and if it be as they are in grand stature and bredth, I would happily give my coin in trade."
76561198111069306,Recommended,282210,14897242,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Squid William,"I picked up this game knowing it wasn't meant to be a big, expansive, monster of a game. And yet... Every time I end a round, I wish I'd be allowed to just play on and see how far I can go. Very fun, but a bit short."
,Recommended,282210,14874127,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Snoopicus,"An enjoyable, though shallow game. I beat it on regular in an afternoon, and did not feel the need to play it again. It WAS worth the Movie Money, but just barely.* Movie Money is the amount of time and enjoyment I could get at the movies for the same amount of money I paid for the game. I valuate if a game is worth purchasing based on this metric."
76561198021955242,Recommended,282210,14875286,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,JaJkol,"Pros: Game is polished and entertaining diversion. I found the mechanics interesting and the product well worth the price of admission ($16 CDN) when I bought it.Cons: Game does not have the depth associated with other Civ products but that is not unreasonable considering the price point. My biggest gripe is the lack of a ""One more turn"" option after I've dominated the galaxy."
76561198111560731,Recommended,282210,14895729,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TerranceFarrel,"This is not Civilization, Or Galactic Civilizato, Or Masters of Orion.You are an admiral. You lead your ships, run missions, earn influence of the worlds you visit.The emphasis is tactical. Expect to spend a lot of time on a battlemap.Lasers are long range but planets block them and asteroids can block them or reduce damage. (There are a LOT of asteroids on a map!)Plasma weapons do more damge but are shorter range.Torpedoes are area affect and can pass through asteroids. Great for flushing quarry from a spot thats too good.You also have fighters, stealth systems, shields...You will build wonders, improvements and the like, but as I said, the emphasis is tactical or these elements are lighter fare.The game can be small and played quickly. The hardest victory conditions on the biggest map is about a six hour affair on easy level.A lot of people complain about the small window but playing full screen is trivial. There is a fullscreen button you can click in the menues...you can also simply maximize the window.A lot of people want a longer game...I recommend if you feel that way you play a ""Population"" victory, or ""Domination"" if you want an even longer game.In the end there is not as much here as there is in Civ or Beyond Earth. Then again, look at the price tag...On a 1 to 10 I give it an 8.2It's entertaining."
76561198089033700,Recommended,282210,14874844,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Horizon,"Honestly, when I first heard about this game, I expected a lot. When I saw the 15 dollar price, I went ""Oh.""Beyond the fact which I expected a grand Civ game, this game is fun. The combat reminds me a lot of XCOM mixed in with Civ. Storyline could be better, but I thought it was good. I wanted more, but for 15 dollars, I am happy. It was fun.Honestly reminded me of an online adobe flash game.Advise: give this game some time. Let them work out the kinks. Add some new stuff. etc.7/10: Fun but WAYYYY tooo short. But honestly a good continuation of the Beyond Earth story."
,Recommended,282210,14888771,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tobasco da Gama,"Fun little game at a fair price. There's a lot to do, but the games don't last *too* long. My first match took 4 hours, and I hear that's pretty standard. It might be a bit too easy, but that's nothing a balance patch can't fix."
76561198030795597,Recommended,282210,14889196,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,kayulves,"First of all: this is not Civilization. If you go into it expecting a full scale space 4X-game, you will probably be disappointed. I see there are a lot of negative reviews complaining about this fact, but honestly, I don't think it is fair to blame Firaxis if you neglected to do your research before buying. Firaxis actually did a pretty good job of showing the game in advance through livestreams which were also posted to Youtube.For what it is, Starships is a pretty good turn based game, with a nice mix of strategy and tactics. It is quite lightweight and simple, but I don't think there's anything wrong with that. The game seems quite polished, and runs really well, as you would expect, as an identical version is available for iPad.And that brings me to my biggest criticism of the game: the PC version seems to actually be *identical* to the iPad version in almost every respect. This means hardly any options menus, and some really annoying interface issues. For example, moving the cursor to the edge of the screen doesn't scroll the map like it would in just about every other modern strategy game. Instead, you have to click the left mouse button and drag the map, just like you would on a touch screen. That's just lazy, in my opinion.Still, I have enjoyed my time with this game so far, and don't really have any problems recommending it. Just be aware that it is a considerably lighter offering than a full 4X. If you are unsure, I recommend that you check out the gameplay videos on Youtube, in which Sid and others at Firaxis also talk about the design of the game."
,Recommended,282210,14895067,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MiiXD,"I don't know why there is so much hate on this game. It's a small, cut down version of Civ with a combat system. Civ games can take hours to finish and this one doesn't take too long. This game is perfect for people who love the Civ games, but don't want to spend more than an hour on one game."
76561198026733574,Recommended,282210,14872722,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Goragg,"I have to say that I bought this game knowing I was buying a mobile app and not a PC game. My expectations were set for something simple both graphically and in depth.For this reason alone I enjoy the game. It is a simple strategy game I can run through in a couple hours. I did nto expect deep immersion or heavy strategy. The AI is  weak but I have not tried larger maps or more difficult play levels (played on normal).  I do see how this game could be quite nasty between human players! A live opponent won;t let you suck up too many planets and will not fall hopelessly behind technologically. He will also react to any min/maxing you do.Strategic play is simple you get 3-4 'moves' with your fleet. In each move you can attempt to complete a mission to win influence over a neutral planet or attack an opponents. You an build tech, cities, wonders, or buildings on planets. They tend to boost production ot in the case of wonders provide a serious boost to a ship system. The game does not have the wonder race you expect from Civ so no frustrating waste of many turns of resources only to be beat to the unique wonder.Tactically you move around a small map with various debris. There are some advantages to position (back shots hit weaker shields without the smart shield wonder) Lasers are long range and lose less damage though asteroids while plasmas are short range and lose more damage through terrain. Torpedoes are fired on fixed vector and can exploded any time after the first turn. They rarely hit but do force the enemy to move out their way which can allow you to split a larger fleet up. Fighters are an excellent way to extend damage and potentially draw enemy fire from main ships.So in closing if you are looking for Civ5 in space don;t buy this. If you want a fun little strat game to burn some time I recomment it. If you have a few friends you want to trounce I highly recommend it."
76561197972211771,Recommended,282210,14889399,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Rifter,"I don't write reviews very often, but after reading the negative posts (currently about 50/50 love it/hate it) -- I feel like SID's Starships is becoming a victim of negative ""sheepism"".(There are a ton of well written ""Recommend"" reviews and ""DNR"" reviews out there that cover the mechanics/features of the game.  Go read the top positive and negative reviews if that's what you are looking for, I won't rewrite the same info here.)I will clear up some of the ""top rated"" negative review posts by players who spent ~2 hours in game and therefore believe they have it figured out based on the depth of their experience, and then share negative posts with the rest of the strategy gaming community:- ""All you have to do is capture the enemy homeworld and you instantly have all of their starsystems and resource production.  Rinse/Repeat to an easy victory.""--  Congratulations, you beat the game on Easy Mode (about 10-20 minute gameplay once you figure out a few winning strategies).  However, play the game on Hard/Impossible and you'll find that feature is disabled.  The player must now conquer each system to wipe out an opponent.  Additionally, once you start crushing your current enemy and it looks like you're about to waltz through their empire, the AI is smart enough for that oppenent to *surrender* to another NPC party ts friendly with, thereby converting all of its resources to them rather than allowing you to have them.  Smart.  And a great way to rebalance the game so that the entire game is challenging, not just the first 50 moves.-  ""This this a cheap iOS game port.  Not worth $15""--  Opinions will very on this one.  I agree that the UI and standard PC control (display settings etc) are lacking, but I feel the game works very well on PC in spite of being simulataneously developled for Phablets/Tablets.  I PC game across a triple monitor display, and unlike most recently released titles, the game is solid across any resolution I choose and any window size, while also having multiple other windows/programs open and running.  And its solid.  Not one crash, no glitches, no weird anomolies (granted its not a resource hog).  That's rare.  How many new games out lately suck until version1.5.XX?Besides, dev's are going to follow where the money is.  Think about that when complain about paying $15, the equiv of a fast food meal or a movie on something that you'll arguably get many more hours of enjoyment from.-  ""There is no depth like other SID titles.""--  I'll agree that this game isn't as deep as the CIV series, but it has its place (15 minute to 3 hour long games).  If you are looking for a space based Civ, write the devs, wait a few years, and be prepared to pay $50/60-ish.  But play the game on Large or Epic, and on Hard/Impossible (only after you've played it through a few times on Small/Med -- or you may get crushed), and you'll see some depth.  You'll see how the opening moves are critically important not only in how you design your ships, but where you do the upgrading.  Same for Planet/Star Systems.  BL:  Judge the game for what it is..not because you wanted to Pay $15 for a huge game like Civ-  ""The AI cheats.""--  ...      ....      .............         .................... really? in a strategy computer game? <every AI cheats, harder the level, the more the cheating.>  honestly, I get the frustration at not being able to set victory conditions for both sides (users can only determine/limit their own vic conditions, AI will choose whatever strategy it thinks will help it win).  It'd be a nice feature that might be added by the player comm or devs down the road, but thats more a problem with players not handling their own expectations.  Think outside the box and the feature is just another way of adding difficulty.Final thoughts/Overview:  The game is mostly about it sequential-tactical combat sequences.  This is a direct contrast to the SID Civ titles where global strat/management is the majority and combat isn't developed. There is still a strategic element that if mismanaged will result in a loss, regardless of how good you Tactical execution is.  For the tactical fights, there is something altogether gleeful in a stealthed torpedo exploding in the middle of an enemies battleship formation. Take that you ""17% chance of winning"" estimation!First game -- easy: win. 20 minutesSecond game -- easy: win. 12 minutesThird game -- Moderate: loss. 25 minutesFourth game -- Moderate: N/A. 15 minutes (was losing -- bad initial choices while experimienting. realized how imporant first dozen or so moves are)Fifth game -- Moderate: Win. ~70 minutes6th/7th  game -- Hard: N/A, restarts8th Game -- Hard: Win. ~90 minutes9th Game -- Hard: Win. ~120 minutes (larger maps)10 Game -- Epic: Loss. 70 Minutes11 Game -- Epic: Win.  No idea how long 2-3 hours?12 Game -- Just about to start :-)I've paid more $$ for less game enjoyment out of strategy titles (HoMM and dozens of others).  Its not a perfect game, and does feel *lite* for a PC title, but contrastly would be very *in-depth* for a phone/tablet game (I'd buy it there too).  If the price of a movie is too much for a clever, somewhat deep, interactive space-based strategy game that has potential for re-play-ability, mark it as follow/wishlist and wait a few weeks for it to go on sale.  For my 15-20 hours in game so far, $15 was well worth it."
,Not Recommended,282210,16007861,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Goremagon,"is not anything like the Civ series. its very shallow and has very little to no features you would expect in a civ game, let alone a strategy game. DO NOT waste your money on this unless its like $1.00"
76561198011131012,Recommended,282210,14873298,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Nightbliz (よるふぶき),Is a very strategical game and very addicting. If they added multiplayer would be even better.
,Recommended,282210,14873507,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Illyrien,"Interesting little game. Well worth it as a light strategy game, with some  interesting tactical combats. As a casual game I would recommend it."
,Recommended,282210,14889125,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Etheras,"Bias warning: I love strategy games, and so I am more inclined to view them positively.Starships is a good game for the price. Its based on an extremely simple mechanic with a few randomly shifting variables that try to introduce some variety (things like: environmental effects, mission types, etc) that can alter the gameplay on a per-mission basis. Its based on the Beyond Earth universe, and will actually read characters out of your Beyond Earth savegames. The whole game is squarely focused around Starships (hence the name), and everything else is built around giving starships modifiers and abilities to make them more effective. Its a turn based game, with the only reflect mecahnic being the ""push button detonation"" ability on the torpedos.The GoodFun, smooth, addictive gameplay (""one more turn!"")Good pure-strategy game (no dice rolls! Whoooo!)2D representation of 3D space much more useful than attempts to cobble together 3D UIs (I've never seen this work in a way that was felt native and intuitive)Extends Beyond Earth for those of us who wanted a bit moreInteresting and new dynamic that we've never seen before (TBS with one ""fleet"", the torpedo mechanic, and others). Could spawn new genresGame length is good for the size of the conceptThe elephant in the room: THE PRICEThe BadGraphics are lackluster. Its clear that this was made being co-developed for mobile.Despite attempts to add variety to the core game mechanic via environmental changes, the game gets very monotonous and repetitive during long gamesThe 2D playfield does feel a bit like a cop-out. While 3D strategy UI has never been intuitive and elegant, maybe they could have tried to make it work, rather than just defaulting to the 2D maps they're so comfortable-with. (makes me think of KHHAAAAAANNNN)While its a good GAME, its only a mediocre VIDEO GAME. It feels a bit like it was designed by tabletop playersNever explained why the leaders of the nations of the world you just conquered would suddenly become the leaders of interstellar empiresVaunted unit customization is limited to ""you have N of a thing""Numerous non-game-breaking bugs. Defeated fleets hang out in the corner of the game map. In diplomacy, leaders still worry about players that have been defeated.No multiplayer (While strategic multiplayer wouldn't have been fun (very long turns), I think tactical multiplayer would have made sense)The enemy AI is pretty easy late-game. It doesn't adapt well to lots of modifiers like Wonders.Game breaking balance issues: Once you have the stealth wonder, you're pretty much invincible at long range. Build that wonder, make lots of laser-heavy fast ships, win.Very symmetric. Aside from initial bonuses and alliances (and ship model) affinities don't seem to matter.In ConclusionGood game, but a very small game without much variety. There's a lot that could be done better. But considering the price-tag, its about what I would expect for that price. No this is not another Civ or Civ-sized game. Plays differently, looks differently, feels different, price is different."
,Recommended,282210,15008000,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Astrolox,"Rather enjoyable little game. It's a very simple turn based 4X in space strategy game, and lots of fun on the first play though. Doesn't really compare to any of the bigger games in this genre though, but that's ok.It gets a little repetitive in late game so maybe wait for a sale before purchasing."
,Not Recommended,282210,15174189,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"Been 2 weeks since release, still can't play on windows 7..."
,Recommended,282210,14928147,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,General Moore,"This game is great in my opinion. Sure, it may not be the in-depth strategy that we have all come to expect from something with Sid Meier's name attached to it, but it is a fun little game. It has enough strategy to make it attractive, and yet it is simple to learn. I haven't had it for a long time, but I love it already. As always, I think Firaxis hit a home run!"
76561197974612697,Recommended,282210,14928172,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,PrimalFear,"Game is good if a little simple, but it makes for a good casual game to play while your doing something else."
76561198048019172,Recommended,282210,14928387,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kheve,"Great game but sadly the cap on ships upgrade makes the ship building part stale after the mid game. Every ship has max speed, fighter fleets, torpedos and weapon thus making the ship overpowered and standardised. For 15 usd its okay but kinda wished i waited for sale for it to go 5usd. the empire building lacks variety once u figured out all the types of planets.Definitely could use a dlc for more variety and to remove the ship upgrade cap thus ships can actually be different types."
76561198007648626,Recommended,282210,14928445,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Deadlyblades,"Awesome game, is like a roleplayed star trek. Cool variatios on missions"
,Recommended,282210,17564165,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ZortPointNarf,"This what CIV should strive to be, a simplified city builder minus the tedium of moving troops for days on end. Glorious space battles. Just needs a campaign. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,282210,17570485,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Yeomon,"The gameplay is overly simple and limited for a sid Meier game.  Additionally, the game is far too easy, even on harder difficulties."
76561198030885971,Not Recommended,282210,15026504,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Siliardien,"Hi all,I have just this to say:Big name, small title, do not I say do not buy it"
76561197970651734,Not Recommended,282210,15034019,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Xyggy,"I don't know what's going on at Firaxis, but their last two games have really been duds. I love TB Strategy games, and Firaxis was always my go-to for quality, fun TBS games. However, between Beyond Earth and now Starships, I'm beginning to wonder if the devs at Firaxis have thrown in the towel. Even at $15, Starships is woefully inadequate, especially with Sid Meier's name on it. The macro-planetary conquest game requires no thought or strategy to win and the tactical combat micro game requires onlly slight strategic thought - very slight.I can't help but feel there is only 1/2 a game here. It's a surprising shame this game came from such a great studio. I hope this and BE are not indications of where Firaxis is headed in the long run."
76561198047552820,Not Recommended,282210,15017102,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Fides,"Stupid game no multiplayer support, no way to switch wonders off so computer just wins on wonders, no storyline except the intro, so in the little time you have available you get to play the game which is fun, until the computer wins on building wonders.Many reviewers have remarked on bugs, I have not had any to date."
76561198093526700,Recommended,282210,17664686,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,saltedweapon,"For a gamer that missed the old Star Trek PC games like Game: Dominion Wars,that had interactive battle and many ship variations I found this game similar but with moreability to conquer and Build the empire.For the price I expected a limted game play, but was fun and enjoyable. The AI in my opionion was good,trying to setup the opposition was not easy and that added to the stategy, all to many games can be wonbecause they are predictable. SMS was not predictable, and was fun.The only con is interaction with so called other planetey leaders is almost commical in the interaction,there are little to no real options for the interaction when compared to other SM games.I give it a 8 outta 10.  Fun and nice game play and good graphics and sound."
76561197960746459,Not Recommended,282210,15120673,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,quinnbot,"Poor remake of the old 'Pirates' game.   While it certainly lives up to its short game time billing, the actual gameplay itself is  bland and boring.   Also the graphics are shockingly bad - did they fire all their artists or something?"
76561198067038015,Not Recommended,282210,21080197,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Afrenchguy,The game crashes during start up.
,Not Recommended,282210,21138125,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,bloodjinn420,"this game lacks too many features and gameplay elements to be a part of the sid meier series. there is nothing to do out side of combat aside from buying upgrades. the combat itself is boring and uninspired. the three fractions you can chose from are all too similar to eachother. why in there no multiplayer? i believe multiplayer would have given the game a longer life span. as it stands right now, after a few sesions you will see everything the game has to offer, leaving nothing new to explore or discover."
76561198134098096,Not Recommended,282210,20969654,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Onlybro555,THS GAME BAD INEVRY  WAY BESIDES GRAHCIPS! 1/10.DO NOT BUY THIS.I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
76561198032784198,Not Recommended,282210,21196975,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,raphael.eybert,"I really wish i could recommend this game, i really do... This is supposed to be my favorite type of game. Maybe i had too much expectations for it, some kind of ''tactical 4x'' like if xcom and endless space had a baby but the gameplay is way too redundant and shallow to play more than a few hours.It could have been a lot nicer if it wasn't all about the combats phase and more about managing your empire and diplomacy which, by the way, is a joke : you can either be at peace or at war with other empires and nothing else. No spying, no trade, no borders tensions, nothing ! Oh and did i mention that science and warfare are jokes as well ? it kind of reminds me some browser game like ogame or some cheap smartphone game.I liked the drawing that are used as cut scenes though.Sorry devs, your game... sucks. I guess that's what happens when you don't have enough time to give all the love it deserve..."
,Not Recommended,282210,21064067,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,deadlockedworld,"I should have written this a long time ago.  This game is terrible.  I kept thinking it would be better when I came back - it is not.They sold it like it was a Civ game.  It is not.  This is not a competitor to Galactic Civ III or Endless Space -- it is more like Sid Meier's Ace Patrol in space.  It is clearly designed to work on ipad as well as PC.  That says everything that I need to say.  There isnt even a button to quit the game.If you wanted to buy it, buy it on ipad instead. It would be more fun there.The Sid Meier name used to mean more than this."
76561198142203151,Not Recommended,282210,21075905,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sean,Full to the brim of bugs.Extremely terrible by Sid Meier standards.Very dissapoint.
76561198018426789,Not Recommended,282210,21195015,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,sein-echaluce,"Too simple, little re-play enjoyment. Dissapointing actually, but still has a funny combat and middle-game configuration mechanics. In low level and in advance levels is too simple.We are still waiting for a sort of Starships Pirates!"
,Not Recommended,282210,21042818,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[3305]  Longscope,"It's extremely short.It's also incredibly easy to win. All you have to do is take another empires homeworld, and their entire empire will be yours. There needs to be more depth in the empire portion of the game. Otherwise, the combat is pretty entertaining.It's not a BAD game, it just doesn't have enough meat on it's bones yet."
76561198006607831,Recommended,282210,14961296,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Product82,"I think this is an excellent game for $15.If you enjoy sci-fi and strategy games, I encourage you to give this game a try. There are a fair amount of negative reviews out there, and they share valid concerns, but I believe they all had expectations that would apply to a full on AAA title. Unfortunately the people who enjoy the game most likely are busy playing the game instead of posting positive reviews.Belly achers love telling people about their butthurt.Do your research online before you buy the game, and if you like what you see, you won't regret spending the $15. It's a tactical combat game for starships, with a small portion of Planetary resource collection. Build a fleet of 8 ships or less. Research tech that improves your combat performance. Colonize planets to gain additional resources every turn to improve your fleet.GOOD STUFF!!"
76561198089351379,Recommended,282210,14971099,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Verdas,"Nice ""Short game""Just some quick space battles, but its fun for a few hours."
76561197987564313,Not Recommended,282210,19370041,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Naami,DO NOT BUY!!! WASTE OF MONEY!
76561198073363341,Recommended,282210,17206153,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Toidillov,"Well, all i can say is that i had fun playing.As indicated by my gametime, which is about ten times that of most other revievers.And really, what else is there? So it´s not Civ VI, so it´s light on everything you´d expect from Sid Meier. So what? These days a game (like everything else) has to be ""just so"" or it isn´t worth your time. What a load. Nice game? Yes. Civ VI? No. Worth my time (and some money)? Yes.That´s all there is to it.One word of warning, though.If you are ratteled by ""Sword Art Online"", you would be in for a little shock:There is no ""Quit Game"" button.You can go back to the main menu, but actually leaving the game is not all that easy."
76561198022224466,Not Recommended,282210,29176442,Posted: 10 January,all,Jumbles,"I've played a few games of this style and unfortunately, while I enjoy most, this is not one of them. Seen better games on a 386 and this one has serious bloat. 3/4 of a Gig with a game backend that needs to be 1Mb, it has so little to its game play."
,Not Recommended,282210,22454424,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ｂｌｏｂｂｙ　Ｄｅｖｉｔｏ,this game was no where near where i thought i was gona be so it sucks
76561198117265637,Not Recommended,282210,25962198,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,cheesesteakneggs,would be a lot better if it just let you run around blowing ships up as much as you wanted too instead of ending the game even when you leave only one option available to win and thats to blow everybody up
76561198041957566,Recommended,282210,30890440,Posted: 1 April,all,Armchair General,It is what it is. A very tactical game with some light strategic decisions. Quick playing.
,Not Recommended,282210,16336162,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BillateralBadger,Bad game. You should not get it.
76561198088516635,Recommended,282210,20334056,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Doggo Dynasty,.
,Not Recommended,282210,20158740,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Blynde,I am highly dissappointed with this game. I have played all the other Sid Meier's CIV games and this is completely lacking in my opinion. The combat was very basic and really did not gain my interest.
76561198019564377,Not Recommended,282210,20399697,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,dellife,"Boring, uninspired... no possibilities."
,Not Recommended,282210,20200836,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ghede,"This is basically a mobile app of a game billed as a full, proper game.  Don't do it to yourself."
76561197995759305,Not Recommended,282210,20494329,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,moridin,"I guess I should've read more about the game before buying it, but at a very low steam sale price, I just went for it.Complexity = virtually non-existantUI = simple and annoying e.g. remove annoying sounds, do more then just food or building on a planet without going back to map, that horrid sound every time you build or upgrade a building.Basically, my lack of prior research into the game left me dissapointed (while if I had researched, I'd avoided that due to not buying the thing in the first place)."
,Not Recommended,282210,16345372,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,jeffoconnor,This game is completely half-baked and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  It's barely an beta release; purchase at your own peril.
76561198043147330,Not Recommended,282210,16332374,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Markus816,absolutley appallingctd after intro video nothing you can do about it what a waste of money
,Not Recommended,282210,20322355,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,PrettyLittleFishy,"To sum it up, this is pretty much a casual game. The mechanics are extremely shallow and 1 dimensional. On the bright side, games don't take days/weeks to finish."
,Not Recommended,282210,20146202,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CX-SPC-2448 Impact [104th - WP],"no just no, do i even need to explain how bad it is? their is not much to the game other then building stuff that is limited then making a space fleet just no dont buy it"
76561197980429671,Not Recommended,282210,20476969,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,"This is a terrible port of a tablet game onto PC.If you want this game, get it on a tablet.  If you like Beyond Earth so much you have to have this and don't want to risk modding your installation well...you can't keep a fool and his money together."
76561198109325242,Not Recommended,282210,34385400,Posted: 20 August,all,kingkartz64,this game is underwalming.
76561198189550397,Not Recommended,282210,24479363,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Erwin_Von_Braun,"Honestly, this is crap.I have never really played CIV games so I came into this without any preconceptions of what a Sid Meirs game should be like.Unfortunately, this is nothing more than an up-scaled cellphone game.Good concept, poorly executed - graphics are kin to an orignal Playstation and the gameplay is stilted and becomes tiresome very quickly.Overall, not worth the £££, even if it is 75% off.Save your cash for something better."
76561197982854553,Not Recommended,282210,14992756,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Sage,"At $15, this is overpriced for hte amount of gameplay you get. Shallow, quick play. This is a meh $5 tablet port."
,Not Recommended,282210,24938590,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Caligula,"Honestly,this game is good,but the pricetag should be 1.99$,or even free. It just seems like somthing that was put together and rushed in order to work with BE. It also has'nt been updated fro a while,as the last update notice i have is for the releace of BE:RT. The combat in this is really the onyl thing keeping me from going %100 negative on this,as it's actualy pretty foucking cool. Most of the other stuff in here,however,are just plain boring. It's a decent game at times,but you should only really get if it you're a huge civ fanatic,or your favorite passtime is tossing silk bags of 100$ bills off of your solid gold patio in your NYC penthouse. That's also convieniently made out of gold."
76561198053189454,Not Recommended,282210,24021276,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wwfuntimes,Not worth your time or your money
76561198072741722,Not Recommended,282210,15584757,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,lucaswlott,ALL THE WEAPONS LOOK LIKE MISSLES!!!!! Plain old steal my money and ♥♥♥♥ me up the♥♥♥♥♥typical steam game.
,Not Recommended,282210,22016812,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,L0CK0N,I walked in with high hopes and left sorely disappointed.
76561197998643623,Recommended,282210,14855132,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,moma08ruff,"Considering it took me almost 2 hours to finish one game, I'm not sure. My first impression of this game is filled with ambivalence. I was kind of expecting it to expand a bit more on the """"beyond"" beyond earth"" story, which it partially does, however this game is not Civilization. It seems to be fun in short bursts, but unfortunetaly I think it will become repetitive rather fast. Still it has potential, but I recommend watching a few let's play videos before buying it."
,Not Recommended,282210,18439114,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,MisterCreative,Best game I have ever played. 10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,282210,14957787,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Dennis,"Why I like this gameI see a lot of hate on this game, but i realy like it, and here is why.Its a very light turnbased strategy game, i have it open on my work laptop and can speak to clients over the desk and on the phone while i play.The game it self is, yes light, but that makes it easy for me to do work and come back to it and not lose the idea of what i was doing.I feel the people who cast it away after 1 or 2 games might not see what i see in it and that is fine, we dont all have to like the same things.If this game was 50-60 €/USD I would be mad, but at this price i think its a realy good game, im planing on buying it for my iPad also.To me and alwais looking at the price tag, it a 9/10 game, thank you Sid Meier for yes what will be hours and hours of fun strategy."
,Recommended,282210,14997352,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,"well, even from the price it points the simlycity of the game. iam fimne with it. its not deep. if u r looking for a serious game look elsewhere."
,Recommended,282210,16467508,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Picochilla,A Black Hole appeared and crashed my Game in the second Turn.
,Recommended,282210,16425035,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mercury,"It's entertaining. Picked up on sale and have played over 10 hours, no crashes."
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,282210,15262909,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"Is Sid loosing the plot as he gets older? To basic by far, does not even come close the the standards of the civs games.  Some nice ideas but should have been so much better, its not like this is sids first game, his name is spread all over my HDD."
,Not Recommended,282210,15274220,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ibanez1897,This game appears to be a scam. I have fully updated windows 7 and this game won't work properly after a brief blank white screen and then automatically closing. Thanks steam for stealing my money. This could be Sid Meier's worst creation.
76561198013769208,Recommended,282210,14924540,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ouri.maler,"With a $15 price at launch, this was clearly never intended to be a major title. If you come to it expecting something on the scale of Beyond Earth, you'll be disappointed.What Starships IS, instead, is a fun, simple game. A few simple elements of management, and fun tactical battles. I've been enjoying it so far quite a bit, as it definitely has that ""one more turn"" quality that Civilization games are infamous for."
76561197976884847,Recommended,282210,14864187,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Aether,"4x Space Action, boiled down to most vital asspects. A 4x game you can beat in an hour, with the same ""One more turn"" feeling you'd expect from a setting in the Civ: BE setting.It is a shorter game, but hightly replayable, and so much bang-for-your-buck at $15. If you're like me, you'll be re-playing to see how many diffrent ways you can conqure the galaxy, because just one isn't enough."
76561198118903571,Not Recommended,282210,14856682,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,XtR0,Nice game but not for that price.
,Not Recommended,282210,14857088,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,nAT^^,"This game is quite an disapointment. It's not like the other Sid Meier games, and it's not really that fun.Fullscreen is disabled and the game is buggy.Wouldn't suggest to buy it now.They could've had done better."
76561197971129022,Not Recommended,282210,14857024,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,StormCloud,"Straight up Tablet Game. They tacked the Sid Meier name to this game, it is not a true 4x game. Extremely limited to what you can do in the game. Played it for about a hour as I was a sucker and thought it was a full fledged game, I should have known better for $14.99"
,Not Recommended,282210,15055497,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Fl3sh,"I've played it for 20 minutes. That's enough, I won't be playing it again. This is very clearly an iPad game they ported to PC to cash in on the name. Don't be fooled."
76561198031704384,Recommended,282210,14896906,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ageofchronic,"The game runs well and it looks good graphically. it is really nothing like CIV BE whatsoever, there is a bit of resourse management and research, but all the research is for your ships. Really everything is about your ships, you fly around and do missions for other planets. There are a few different missions you can do, each giving a differnt reward, money, research etc... you have to do a few missions per planet to gain enough influence for them to join your empire. It gets a little old fast doing the missions, depending on what the mission is you may need to outfit your ship(s) diffently. Some missions you only get to use one of your ships, and in others you need to avoid combat more than provoke it. Once a planet has been claimed by an opponent the battles become slightly more interesting and it becomes more about the ship battling and tactics than the missions, which felt like playing minigames. In youre planets you are able to build cities and planet upgrades, the cities boost overall income and the upgrades range in different things like planetary defences and the like. you're crew will allow you to travel a certain distance per turn, limiting how much you can do, without certain upgrades traveling between your cities can eat up you're turns. I did not find much use in the missle weapons, though they seem interesting they are fairly useless, atleast in my experience. The missles travel a certain distance per turn, you may choose to detonate them at any time during their travel but i didnt find the range to be worth it, i rarely used them but when i did i used them to cut the enemy off. The combat zones are riddled with space debris and asteroids, both allowing cover and hindering or dissalowing fire comletely. they are filled with narrow passages between asteroids that open and close (for some reason) between turns. Overall, due to its lower price tag i will recomend it, but it would be best to get it on sale if at all. The game gets old fast but it should be fun to go back to every now and again. I give it a 5/10 and hope that they update it and dont charge for micro-expansions."
76561198009625167,Recommended,282210,14992474,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,yazah,"This isn't a strategy game - or at least not one like Civ, MOO, SINS, etc. It is more like a role-playing game that uses spaceships and turn-based combat.That said, for $10 (its initial release price), it's not bad. I actually quite enjoyed it, it has some replayability, and is worth a few bucks - especially if you can get it on sale. Comparing it to other AAA titles is a bit unfair because it started as a $10 game and isn't much more than that. But it is fun, unique, clever and will give a few hours of gameplay.But it doesn't have the ""one more turn"" additiction of other strategy games.Also, lasers and fighters are overpowered. :) Torpedoes are too, but harder to aim (except against easy AI)."
76561197970599891,Recommended,282210,14879116,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Roi Danton,"Sid Meier's Starships is a very light 4X game. You control star systems and move a fleet of upgradable ships around while competing with the AI doing the same. There are four victory conditions (wonders, population, domination, science). Once two fleets meet or you attack an enemy planet the game switches to 2D hex-based, turn-based tactical combat.  You can attack enemy ships with lasers, torpedoes, plasma guns and fighters. There is a simple stealth option and there are obstacles on each map that can be used as a cover for ships.On the strategy map you can also upgrade your ships, buy new ships (but you can only have one fleet at a time) upgrade your planets, build cities and wonders and improve your tech level (there are different resources for each task).Now before I start on listing my personal pros and cons I'd like to get this out of the way first: The game is in no way comparable to great 4X games like Master of Orion, Endless Legends and so on. It's a simply game, designed for tablets much like Sid Meier's Ace Patrol. If you want a large, complex 4X-game then don't buy Sid Meier's Starships. Starships is much more of a ""let's play something for 20 minutes"" game than anything else.That said, here are my pros and cons:Pros:- Good Interface- Fast paced combat and strategy map- Fames don't take long to complete (I finished an epic game on normal in 2 hours)- Enjoyable if simple turn based combat- I really, really like the artwork in the game.Cons:- Diplomacy is useless.- The options are a joke (for example: Fullscreen mode only works on my system if I hide the task bar. If the task bar is   not hidden it's always visible and the game doesn't go fullscreen)- The different factions really don't play all that different. And choosing an affinity is mostly about what color you like- The turn based combat is simple. It's really easy to find a strategy that works for you (I enjoy mass torpedo spam for example) and stick with it. Once you have upgraded the first two ships to the max level there is almost nothing that can stop you)Conclusion:I recommend buying the game if you look for something to just play for a couple of minutes and if you enjoy simple turn based combat.I do not recommend buying the game if you look for something complex or challenging."
,Recommended,282210,14907217,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ODTap,"I liked the whole style of the game. I played a couple full games, and enjoyed them. I love fleets, and how you can upgrade them. Lazer's, armor, shields, fighters, put enegry in to upgrade them. I really liked it, and I would recommend it to Space Fan's. I would like to see multiplayer added in the future, because after a while singleplayer does get boring. Enjoy :)."
,Recommended,282210,14911152,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,PrimusAvatar,"It is, as far as I know, a brand new subgenre of 4X games. Your singular fleet and its advancements are your sole concerns and unlike other 4X games you spend most of your time fighting based on a very fun and surprisingly deep combat system.  The addition of ""wonders"" and battle cards makes a lot of difference on the hexagonal battlefield riddled with environmental obstacles and effects that are a lot more significant than in any other 4x games.However, people hoping to find complexity of a $40+ title are going to be dissapointed. There's been some debate if the game is worth the current price ($15) and my personal subjective oppinion is that a game with this degree of polish despite the lack of $20-$50 content such as ""next gen graphics"", ""unique races"". ""diplomacy"". ""religion"" or ""multiplayer"" is well within it's 10-15$ range. It's a tactical combat game with 4X elements - not the other way around."
76561198030941097,Recommended,282210,14890482,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,mmcgeehan,"This is not Civilization. An  ""epic"" game only takes a few hours (at most) if all victory conditions are enabled.  That being said, it is FUN to play.There is very little strategic management of your ""federation (empire)"". However, small changes have cumlative effects on the outcome of battles. You have the correct combination of effects on the right map and you can defeat a much larger force.  That is actually the best part of the game, the nuances.If you are looking for an epic space 4x game that takes days to complete, look else where.  If you are looking for tactical space battles chained together wtih strategic elements, this is it.Cons :1. The interface is a little flakey, could be improved, but it does function well once you get used to it.2. Game seems shorter than it should (epic really should be epic).Pros ;1. Fast to play2. Easy to learn3. Interesting tactical problems in the battles.Summary - it's only 15 bucks paid waaaaay more for games not half as good or half as fun."
76561198023439716,Not Recommended,282210,15006342,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,trebor_joe,Very poor game it doesn't even feel like a quater finished. Don't waste your money on it.
76561198003696194,Recommended,282210,14910132,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,KaldariaQ,"Fun little twist on typical 4x thinking.  I like how you dont ""build"" ships that then become obsolete.  Every ship can be upgraded indivitually and once you own the frame of the ship even if it dies in battle it will respawn.  The assumption is that when its reduced to 0hp it just leaves the battle or something.  Going dark is plausable in a space game.Upgrades and reserch is instant so you can focus on racing around the galaxy brining planets under your federation.Recommend if you like new ideas and fun tactial space battles.  Dont reccomend if you demand high depth in every 4X game you play cause this one is on the light side."
76561198043865255,Recommended,282210,14878304,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Artgineer,"This is a very solid little tactical strategy game with lots of customization options for your fleet and loads of wonders to build and worlds to take over... but it is not much of a 4x game. If you go into it like another Civ game then you will be dissapointed but if you can appreciate the game for what it actually is then you can get lost in it for hours at a time. I really like this game and I do recomend it, but be sure you know what you're getting into first.This is not Civ, but it doesn't have to be."
76561198007498580,Recommended,282210,14871215,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,thundercactus,"Really not what I was expecting from a sid meier game, but given that it's for tablets it's a bit more understandable.I guess I was expecting master of orion 2 meets civ 5.It's a good time killer though, I don't mind it but I wouldn't say it's a must-have game either."
,Recommended,282210,14913417,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,catknight1,"I'll echo what others have said:  If you're expecting Beyond Earth II, or Civilization VI - that isn't this.  It's a light game with some 4x elements and some exploration elements.  There's a little colonial management, a decent tactical simulator (if you don't mind turn/hex based), and a variety of victory conditions.And that's really it.  It's true there is no tutorial, but there are a few help screens and that's all you need.  This is simple, light fare...and it does what it sets out to do.  In my first game I was one turn ('mission') away from a science victory, when one of my opponents conquered another one and was slightly over 50% population.  It takes 51 to win however and I managed to eke it out.  For all the lightness of the game, it was  a fun and entertaining game that took about 4 hours start to finish."
76561197972445514,Recommended,282210,14875374,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Hellbishop,Strategy thick starship tactics with adrenaline stimulating tense action. Sid Meier's Starships has a incredible unique mix of elements which come together to create exciting suspenseful battles where fast skillful maneuvering to get in just the right sweet strategic position to fire hull shattering hits upon enemy ships then take off engines blasting behind a planetoid or some asteroids before the enemy can counter attack with devastating effect.Sid Meier's Starships is the first turn based strategy game i may have ever played which felt fast and furious giving a fps shooter adrenaline rush in of all things a turn based strategy game. It was like playing a table top game with friends but against the ai instead.Graphics have an old school style to them with a great hex map setup with many environmental variables which can mean the difference between life and death depending on how the player utilizes them to their advantage. Weapons have varying ranges and levels of damage with lasers delivering heavy damage from long range while missile weapons like torpedoes are usually slower with a chance of being avoided if one keeps their attacks fluid and mobile. Stay still and you are probably dead like a sitting duck.You can buy and upgrade ships to become lethal space faring dreadnoughts of unstoppable destruction. In my first game as i was learning my way around i built two heavily armored ships which were able to take on a group of five enemy ships and fighters for awhile letting loosing terrifying barrages of laser fire into their midst before eventually being defeated with blood curdling audio and visuals during their horrific demise. Talk about getting lost in fun abandonment as if watching a starship battle in a episode of STAR TREK.Planets you rule are used to get resources and do research to improve your battle prowess and keep your empire going. You will come across other leaders which you form alliances with or who will form alliances against you as everyone does their best to thrive and survive in the infinite vastness of the universe.Audio and music is excellent bringing home those peaceful space traveling moments only to be shattered by battle inspiring man your weapons music. Voice acting is quite good and am glad to say the female robotic voice of the computer is quite informative and comforting :)Cons-Ouch that user interface is not intuitive to put it mildly. During my first game session i couldnt even figure out how to move my ships until i watched a Youtube video by AngryJoe who was doing a first impressions playthrough. Also i have to hover my mouse pointer above my selection when giving a command otherwise i will choose the command below it or none at all.If your into fast paced turn based combat with plenty of thrilling tension while not expecting a CIVILIZATION BEYOND EARTH experiance then Sid Meier's STARSHIPS is the game for you. Just enjoy it for what it is and you will find its more then worth the few credits you have paid to enter the star ship bridge for.
76561198035536969,Recommended,282210,15015768,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ottovonbeardsmark,"Let me start with this: I love Civ Rev.If that statement alone makes you recoil in disgust, walk away from Starships and this review. I didn't come to this game looking for the depth that VI and V offer--or an experience which would redeem BE (I disliked it in fact). Instead I looking for something that can scratch that X-COMy, Pirates!-y, and straightforward Civ Rev itch which this game handily satisfies.Bonust points: Really reminds me of the 4x tabletop game, Eclipse--gathering resources, upgrading planets--extending your influence. Also a simiilar 'rubberband'  (escalating cost worker placement) mechanic keeps you from expanding too far too fast in the form of your crew's fatigue level. If you undertake too many missions, or travel too far your combat effectiveness plummets. There are ways to extend your crew's fatigue, but at the cost of resources which could be better spent improving the planets you control.The game also does a fine job during missions as well. The battles are fast paced and satisfying, even addictive. I often find myself absentmindedly going on another mission when I already decided that the last one was the last one.Penalties:They drop the ball in many places. To start, graphically, there's an appreciable difference between stylized and cartoony, and this game veers toward the latter. There's also ample room for imagination in the implemetation of weapon effects, and many missed opportunities to really differentiate the ship classes between affinities. The affinites are basically skin deep, and only add a starting bonus to the civ that chooses it. Another missed opportunity for depth is laying out the actual armament and defenses of your ships, ala Eclipse. There's no 'energy' cost however, for upgrading aside from the resource itself. Hence, with enough resources your could put every upgrade on one ship since there's no energy cap. Even FTL figured out a good balance in this regard.This game isn't for eveyone but if you found anything I said forgivable or intriguing--for $15 dollars--this game is worth it."
76561198010431050,Recommended,282210,14906647,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ravyn Reign,"First off, I am a pretty big Sid Meier's fan. I've been playing them Since Pirates and the original Civ. I can say in all honest this game is about worth the price but that's it.  Nothing horrible about this game, nothing great about it either. Personally it feels to me they were to focused on the mobile version and/or got bored making this and tossed out what they had. If you can I'd say get it on sale but if you pay the full price it isn't that much."
76561198132005318,Recommended,282210,14906231,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,forensirob,"So far I have greatly enjoyed this game, many aspects remind me of Civ Rev in terms of the stripping down of many core Civ features makes it faster to learn and faster to play. If you enjoy the lore of Civ BE but didn't want to invest as much time as you inevitably would (seriously, some of those matches can take hours in the regular Civ games) then this would be worth the reasonably modest price."
76561198031656414,Recommended,282210,14908453,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,freeoffers,This is a decent fighting game. Not really a bulder or explorer in the sense of Civ 5. So far every level I have played it seems the best strategy is to attack early and often.  I have not tried it on the hard levels yet.
76561197977328878,Recommended,282210,14908897,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Joe,"A fun little game that's worth exactly the price. After you get a strategy down, the replayability might be limited to collecting achievements, appreciating the turn based combat, and then putting the game away after that, but it runs really well on my lower end system and the price, as I said, is just right."
76561198051520578,Recommended,282210,14893714,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,tojamn,"First let me just say that Starships is a decent and fun game to play for the low price it costs. The game has really good graphics which is what I have come to expect from Sid Meier's games.  The loading time into the game is a lot quicker than the standard civilization games which I also liked.   To me it was like a board game based in space using the basics from the civilization games. Their is some micro managing you can do in Starships but its not overwhelming like it is in other civ games.  I also like that the planetary jump gates allow you to keep moving your fleet without adding fatigue.  I played a game on the easy  level and had the largest map. I still finished it in under 6 hours, which is kind of cool considering their is no multiplayer option for starfighter.I do feel their is a few drawbacks that I feel could have been improved upon.  The game seems to randomly shut itself down, which isnt that huge of deal considering it has the continue option when loading back into the game. The saves could use some work. I dont know where it saves it, I am assuming it is in some kind of cloud. I was unable to locate the save file directory on my computer for starships. I prefere to be able to manually delete my own save files without having to fire the game up first to do it. So if Starships is updated I would like to see a save file directory on my pc.  The in game maps do not seem to be that big in my opinion. The tool tips could use improving, it kept wanting me to develop my ion  engines even after i increased the tech and took ship engines to 5.  Finally their is no multiplayer option with starships. I think starships would be a lot more funner if i could have the option to play with my friends against the Ai's or each other.The one thing I dont understand is why only 1 fleet? Im guessing that is because the fleet is used for visiting the planets and attacking while the planetary defence's are for when you get attacked.So over all the game is fun to play if you dont mind playing it by yourself against the computer.  For the price of $15 I paid for it, I feel it was worth it and recomend it to play."
76561197971135237,Not Recommended,282210,14948426,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,loeffelholz,boring
76561197995497155,Recommended,282210,14871534,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Codus Plex,"I actually really enjoy the game! If you're big on in depth strategy and resource management this isn't it. Managing planets doesn't have much depth. Build cities to up al resource output by a bit or build individual improvments to highly increase specific resource outputs. The game is mainly about building up your fleet and running combat missions.One thing I really enjoy is the fleet building. You start off with two ships and some energy to upgrade them. The fun thing is that all ships start with roughly the same base stats, and depending on where you put upgrades it not only does it alter that ships apperance but also what role you're looking to use the ship in. As I said, the gameplay is fast paced, not a whole lot of depth but I still really enjoy playing it! Something to waste away the afternoon with for sure!"
76561198107669704,Recommended,282210,14880280,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,AmnJMB,"If your looking for a quick turn based strategy this one isn't bad, however not being able to continue after a particlular victory is a downside. Otherwise the combat is pretty good, building and upgrading your fleet plus your planets is pretty fun."
,Recommended,282210,14884158,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lawie,"Well...it's not exactly what I expected... but it's obvious this game was made to play on an Ipad or equivalents. This isn't a real ""detailed"" game... too simplistic. I love all of the Sid Meier's Games. Played them since the beginning... but ... this one, it's fun, it's easy... but not something you could play for days like the normal Civ games. For the hardcore Sid Meier Fanboy, this would be trash. for the regular gamer, it might be fun. Also it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to think there is any strategic value or use of tactics. I would rebuy it on the Ipad, but for a pc game, it should have had ""more"" stuff. I recommend this for the average gamer, or for the people who like simple scifi turn-based games. But for the real gamer, I wouldn't recommend it. I'd give it a 6.5/10, the score will rise if the game gets more updates."
76561198030751611,Recommended,282210,14883268,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,pjoiner19,"For the price, you get what you would you are told. Its a game about controling a fleet of starships. Its not deep, you are not going to be sucked in for hours, but It is fun. If you like flying around the galaxcy and engaging in ship to ship combat, its pretty good. The only thing I would say the need to add is permadeath for ships, and the ability to rename your starships. other then that, for what you are paying for, its a fun little game that you can pick up and play for a hour or so then move on to other things. Also the link with Beyond Earth is actually pretty cool."
76561197970465123,Recommended,282210,14882366,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Billy13,"It's a lightweight but well formed strategy game which may be missing a few PC optimisations (a fullscreen mode and slightly more saturated colours would be welcome) but still manages to be fast moving with a reasonably elegant meta-game and pacy turn based battles. There is no overwatch mode in combat which would have been an interesting addition, but torpedoes, stealth and the ability for your ships to launch fighter wings give you lots of options and the missions (battles, escorts, maze escapes and full on fleet engagements) are surprisingly varied. I've had a lot of fun with this so far."
76561198065829183,Recommended,282210,14878427,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,SlimSlamKablam,"I think most of the negative reviews around this came come mostly as a result of overly high expectations. A lot of the criticism is that it's not as in depth as civ, or other great 4x titles for that matter. But the fact is, this game isn't trying to be complex. Let's not forget that ""Sid Meier's"" games are not confined to complex strategy games. I've had just as much in my time playing Sid Meier's Pirates as I have playing Civ, and the difficulty gap between those games is enourmous. Just because this game is light on strategy doesn't mean it should be a let down. Also, this game was barely mentioned at all until a few months before its release; clearly this game isn't supposed to be a big deal.What's more, it really shouldn't matter if it's a mobile game, because it's still a good game. The only reason mobile games are a bad thing is that they are frequenty riddled with poor design and are little more than money-making schemes for their developers. I think it's good that Starships is a mobile game. You know why? It sets a good example. More mobile games should be like this. It's relatively simple, has a low learning curve, and yet still manages to be engaging and entertaining.It's easy to enjoy this game as long as you don't go into it expecting to play a 12 hour long game. I finish games in 30 minutes to 1 hour, and that's fine, because for what it is, this game is great."
,Recommended,282210,14879255,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,thelaw1021,"Not a game that hardcore fans of Civ seem to like from the comments.  At $15, my expectations weren't high, despite the research that I had done prior (once I saw the price point I knew I had to shift my priorities or I would end up disappointed).  Some will generally not like the touch-friendly control, however it still works for the game as it is designed, and it still provides enough challenge to play through with different characters and affinities.  It seems as this is more of a sequel to beyond earth that wasn't meant to be a full fleged game - and in its own right it owns that.  In its current incarnation it could be cross platformed across all Win 10 devices once the OS is released at the end of the year, as the hardware on most if not all computers won't be taxed by the graphics engine used in the game.If you're a hardcore civ fan avoid it - however if you want to give a slightly more casual incarnation of the Civ universe, this is it."
76561198007610603,Recommended,282210,14879655,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Zuo,"Despite small problems like full screen not working, low texture resolutions and annoying GUI this would be a very very nice game to play. Of course only if they can actually fix the victory conditions selection, since no matter what you will pick the game will end with something ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like cooperative wonder victory or some other nonsense...Sid, man, wtf..."
76561198065762780,Recommended,282210,14907508,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,I.Burgess,"more tactical than strategic, and it either has a small glitch or an unwarned turn limit. other than that, this game is damn good."
,Recommended,282210,14892241,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,quintmorrison6,"A fun light, short 4X focused on tactical combat."
76561198059388479,Not Recommended,282210,15005340,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Savagepotato45,"the combat is pretty fun in my opinion, but other than that i dont really like this game and there is a weird bug where i cant set the victory conditions so i have never won a single game."
76561198012014187,Recommended,282210,14897643,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,pieffe8,"After some thought I decided to recommend this game, but with some caveats.The best way I could describe this game is as a simplified version of Master of Orion I, with more emphasis to strategic battles (that cannot be skipped). We have battles, simple planet management, a very simple tech tree. You control only one fleet. You can add ships to it, or upgrade them by increasing the number of weapons, shields, etc...There is no limit on the number of components on the ship, but the cost of additional components increases exponentially.Another difference from MOO I is that you cannot colonize, and every planet is already populated, and by visiting them you can take battle missions, By winning them you gain influence and eventually the planet will become part of the federation. And yes, everything is turn-based.The main focus of the game are the missions. Indeed, you're going to spend very little time managing the planets and more fighting. Battles themself are generally short (about 5 minutes), and you can perform several battles per turn, as you can move your fleet multiple times per turn.Don't try to have long gaming sessions: you'll get bored very soon, because even if there are several types of missions the game mechanism repeats itself over and over again. The game is meant to be played for short periods, like one or two missions at a time. This is fine to me because I'm busy and I have little time playing videogames. No surprise that the game is also for iPad.My main complain about the game is the control system. It doesn't seem really designed for a PC. You can't zoom out in battles or even on the galaxy maps (you can zoom in). Also, it is easy to accidentally move the fleet to a planet you try to interact with. If they fixit my opinion of the game will increase quite a lot.It is good that the game is only $15, but I believe that $10 would probably be a fairer price. So maybe wait for a sale of the game."
,Recommended,282210,14994607,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,CypressMTL,"Firstly, choosing between Recommending this game, and not recommending this game was kind of a hard choice, but in the end I decided to recommend it for what it is.The reason: It's a good game.  It's a short game, but it's a good game.Allow me if you will, to delve into the reasons why I will recommend this; It's a mini-game.  The game itself is made as a companion game but can be played on it's own and is still a bunch of fun.  It's short enough that you can fit in a quick game (an impossibility with other Sid Meier titles), and still leave satisfied.You choose a different ""leader"" which gives you a different boost during the game, but overall I didn't find they made too much of a difference.  Then you really just expand, fight off some ships through an asteroid field, and repeat.  There's a few ""varieties"" of missions, but it's generally just clear out the other fleet, get your ship to a ""warp hole"", or escort a colony ship.  If you're okay with repeating these missions over and over again (with more or less enemies, and a few modifications like reduced visibility) then the game is a fun little time filler.If you're not, then don't buy this game."
76561198073906702,Not Recommended,282210,31269970,Posted: 20 April,all,The Kingslayer,Not the game i was expecting not that good either.
,Not Recommended,282210,14966308,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Sporkmonger,"I suspect this game works a lot better as a tablet game than as a PC game. There's zero depth, and the fun, what little there is, is pretty mindless. I can't really see this having any real replay value."
76561198031437417,Recommended,282210,17430884,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Playto1971,"Love the Entire Collection with all its iterations, since ±1992 !!!!"
76561198033163860,Recommended,282210,14916486,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,orion526,"I don't normally write reviews for anything, but it has been bothering me how poorly this game has been rated lately.  You can't look at the title and think it's a Sid Meier game, it will take me days if not weeks to beat. This game is short, maybe three to four hours on a good play through.  But thats what I want in this game.  I am a father, while working full time and going to college as well.  Nine times out of ten, I do not have the time to devote to a longer game.  This game is the perfect length in order to get your stratedgy fix in.  While there is some fine tunning that the game needs, it works great and does what you want it to do.  If you are concerned about it being short, go play another game, and do not complain about the price, after all a 15 dollar game will not have the same playability as a 50 dollar Civilization game."
,Not Recommended,282210,14900772,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,BetaSeven,not good at all....
,Not Recommended,282210,32953341,Posted: 28 June,all,Cayden Black,"Not worth the money. A free-bee phone game, nothing more."
76561198057144103,Not Recommended,282210,14910895,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,huntbroncos,Won't Play
76561198030763024,Not Recommended,282210,14913194,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ifasola Akofe Elesije,I cound get to into the game because I didn't want to play it on my PC. DO any one know how to get steam working on ipad that would help thanks.
,Not Recommended,282210,14912921,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,PrJalapeno,"You can tell they put thought into this game. Especially since its kind of a continuation of the beyond earth game but its too simple. All you have to do is upgrade one of the weapons really quick and you basically over take the galaxy with ease. i was bored two hours into playing but decided to give it a chance anyway for a few more hours. stood bored for the next few hours torturing myself. it has great potential to be a sequel  and even greater for certain mods. before i start playing again, i want to see updates for more visual effects on the ships for upgrades 5 and up, more ships that'll blow my mind, more diverse missions, bigger galaxies, even though is a sequel more colonies, more wonders, a way that you can make it a longer campaign like the original rather than so short, and etc... alot of thought went into this game but not enough."
76561198005771466,Not Recommended,282210,14911782,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,tmbrwolf,"BROKEN AND NOT TESTEDthis reeks of beta test/proof of concept.  while i am enjoying what works in this game i cannot recomend this title to anyone for money.-there are no options. no ingame options. no game settingsyou play windowed with all victory conditions enabled. thats it.- no tactics. most battles are one missial volley and game over.- no real point to upgrading planets as the game is over before it matters- no point in tech upgrades, see aboveseriously someone in a meeting scame up with the bright idea to charge people to play a proof of concept before this combat system is added to sayy....  a future civ gameso the combat has potential and i get a kick out of it, dont spend money on it"
,Not Recommended,282210,14908978,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,KiP,"As an iPad time waster, I imagine Starships would be a nice little game to play on a commute, but as a PC game to spend your hard earned leisure time on, it's a big pile of poop!Lacks depth - ipad graphics - little replay value - poor ai"
76561198008297702,Not Recommended,282210,14910821,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,brbond,"No substance, little strategy, bored of it within 30 min of play. A weak strategy offering from a form strategy powerhouse that seems to just be churing out lighter and fluffier games. I would have expected to see a game like this come out of one the app houses like King."
76561198048784622,Not Recommended,282210,14912702,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,laundrypirate13,"Imagine a Sid Meier's game wherein all that you love about the brand has been removed, the UI downscaled to virtually nothing, and virtually no content/gameplay value.  That's what Sid Meier's Starships is."
76561198044584470,Not Recommended,282210,17498008,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,hoekinwater88,real let down
76561198084193788,Recommended,282210,14939370,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wahhabi Lobby,"If game price <$5, buy and enjoy turn based strat that ties into Civ Beyond Earth.If game price >$5, buy an actual board game"
,Recommended,282210,14945003,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,tegneged,"I really like how this is a simplified version of a traditional 4x game. I don't have to micro manage every aspect of the game but I can jump into the game and have fun with achiving the main goal of my choosing. It is interesting to have the abstract choices of tech and development instead of having to choose specific technologies or buildings. It is a simple 4x game which is quick to play and easy to pickup. As a parent it is perfect for me, because I don't have time to play a full 4x game.For the price this is a great game."
,Recommended,282210,15015952,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,randamuko,"I picked up this game on sale recently.  I have only just played around with it a bit but I will say that it is entertaining. There is the inherant boredom factor that comes with each and every Civilization game and this one is absolutely no exception. It has a similar feel and dynamic as Beyond Earth but I do feel....an almost...emptiness while playing it.  It's a fun quick game but I guess I wish it was a little more expansive.I like the fact that it is a Civ game with a relatively short turn around as sometimes it's nice to just play a quick game and be done with it rather than spending insane amounts of time saving and reloading the same game to infinity.  The lack of multiplayer/co-op is either a massive oversight or a shrewd strategy to market it to the tablet crowd (Android capability please and thank you).Overall if you like the Civ games, like Beyond Earth, and want something that is not going to take 5 days then this is your game."
76561198031843846,Recommended,282210,15015080,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Red Earth,"It's all about the starships, so the scope of the same is small and specific. It's fun-size strategy. Like the candy that is either good or bad depending on how much you wanted to begin with.Despite real space being very empty, the battle maps are full of asteroids, and wormholes, and that gives you cover and shortcuts to work with so there's more to think about than just who to shoot.The strategic overworld is important though. In several games I've won every battle but lost the game because an AI won more important battles somewhere else.Equipping ships isn't quite what I'd hoped for. I was hoping for more precision in the choices. Situations where I could determine that one more level of shields would make a world of difference because that would mean a ship would take three hits to defeat instead of two. Doesn't have that. It's more a general: I need more protection-get more protection. It's the strategic layer that more determines how your ships take shape rather than countering something your enemy has.The wonders that enhance your fleet and the modules local planets specialize in give you reason to choose one design over another. If a planet offers cheaper armour that would be a reason to choose to use it rather than shields or stealth for defense. A wonder making your torpedoes undetectable would make them a key weapon in your fleet.The resources your planets provide will determine how you enhance your ships. Excess metal leads to wonders, science to research based bonuses, and energy to bigger fleets with bigger ships. Working with what the game gives you rather than a predetermined plan determines how well you do. This adds to replay in that one game may give you lots of science and cheep fighters but the next offers energy and cannons. You could see this as a loss of choice, if your goal is to find one good strategy and stick with it, but if you'd rather be surprised by and adapt to what you have then this will work for you. We should start calling (tagging?) games like this MacGyver games, because you have to win with not what is the bet tool for the job but, with what you can do with what's at hand.Can't tell yet how balanced the various options are yet, or if having a design theme is necessary or if you can just have all general purpose ships and be fine.I've had fun. It's only $15. Probably better on tablet."
76561198083083552,Not Recommended,282210,28429985,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,HST75Vet718,I thought more of the game until I played it.  I was so disappointed and let down by the title.  They could have done way better
,Recommended,282210,14926709,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,CaptainCookie,its very nice game its HD nice graphics though not much to do can get a bit boring but i still like it and would recomend it to anyone
,Not Recommended,282210,20075175,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,=(O.v.F)=Mr.Infidel,"Hard to undestand, overall bad, can´t believe Sid put his name on this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,282210,30051382,Posted: 19 February,all,AkaMidori,"It feels like half a game, but I still enjoy that half enough to recommend it."
76561198009130248,Not Recommended,282210,23842014,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Beaumaris,"I had high hopes for this game.  But it is not what one would expect from a Sid Meier's game.  It is has very shallow non-strategic game play, and the games are very short.  I played through a full game once, and that was enough."
,Not Recommended,282210,23553762,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,3amo IZ,this is a joke
,Recommended,282210,30063811,Posted: 20 February,all,john.bauer.iii,Fun little game. Not too serious but still enjoyable.
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,282210,20190121,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,AiDec,...
76561197970947742,Not Recommended,282210,15030349,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Halifax789,"this game is not really a game. it is an excercise in an overly simplified bland mechanic without any significant challenge or creative sci-fi storytelling, or rewarding gameplay.  The mechanic is not even fun IMHO, at best it is modestly amusing.  The graphics are atrocious, WORSE than sid myers PIRATES which is a game published OVER 10 YEARS AGO on computers slower than our current smartphones.Go back to playing Endless Space...."
76561198042138955,Recommended,282210,16471385,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Warmystic,to easy
,Recommended,282210,23940774,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Phoenix,It is a cool space strategy game.
76561198052376108,Recommended,282210,33388268,Posted: 8 July,all,wshelly,It rates a 4 out of 5.  Can play a full game in a few hrs. nice graphics
,Not Recommended,282210,23718098,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mickey21,"This game fails, why, because in their infinite wisdom, playing with someone else is not part of the game at all.  Was it fun to play, yeah.  Is it very layered in strategy, not really, but still pretty fun.  It feels like it could have been a lot better, but alas, it was not to be.  Pity really.  I recommend this game ONLY if you want to play alone and you buy it for next to literally nothing.  Only because I can't condone sending money to a company essentially ""voting"" for more of this behavior."
76561197998739866,Recommended,282210,14863434,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Dale Kent,"I must admit that I came into this game not expecting much.  But what I got is a game that is quite enjoyable.  Whilst the game borrows from the lore of Civilization Beyond Earth the game itself doesn't hold much in common.The game works by having you perform missions at each planet you stop at.  Complete the mission and your influence on that planet rises till you control it.  When you control it you can improve it, gain resources and wonders, and generally have access to more ""stuff"".The strategy comes in utilising your fleet (you only have one) to your benefit.  You only have a certain number of actions per turn so make sure you choose well.  Do you do a mission on a nearby planet?  Make a run for an emey's home world?  Or spend a turn to repair and make new ships in your fleet?Overall a really good game that ties ""tried and true"" Sid Meier concepts into the one game."
76561198030746271,Not Recommended,282210,14935672,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Tegga21,Pre - ordered this.  Shame on sid.
,Recommended,282210,14878489,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,reezus.,"This is a good game if you know what you are expecting. First, you need to put two things in mind: one, it's only $15, so don't expect some huge game like Civilization V or Beyond Earth; two it's not a Civilization game.Now with that out of the way, Starships to me, is a unique game that takes the gameplay from many other types of strategy and space faring games. I stated before it isn't a Civilization game, but it still borrows some of the game mechanics from Beyond Earth. It's still mainly just a turn based clicking game, with many different options to start your new game with to spice it up a little bit and to offer some diversity, such as the affinity system from Beyond Earth and the same leaders from it, too. I also like the new feature where you can interact between the two games.Now, to the pros. I've played a lot of Beyond Earth, and this game was still quite confusing when I started. It seems like it's very complex, but once you play the game for about fifteen minutes, you get the hang of it quite easily. Planets are like cities, and you can apply upgrades to your planets to increase science, metal (production), energy (money), and food. You also use the food to increase the population of your planet, which increases the production of all materials slightly, the only thing that's different in this aspect from Beyond Earth is it doesn't take time. The game is turn based, yes, but it mainly only applies to the battles. This game goes by much faster than a traditional Civilization game, which is good if you just want to kill a couple hours. The customization/upgrade system is pretty alright, too. You can use your materials to apply certain upgrades to certain ships which all have their own effect, you can upgrade the planet as said before, and you can instantly upgrade technology with your science points. There are also four ways to win: population, wonders, science, and domination. Also, another thing I liked is the map, I love the variety of planets and all the planets have their own special aspects to them that alter what they exactly do for you when you control them. And the missions you do for the uncontrolled planets are also pretty unique and fun. The game has no lag or glitches in it at all as long as you have a good enough computer to play.Cons, I'll make this short. I don't like that you can't trade with the other factions, you can't go through their territory at all unless you are at war which is hard if you don't like having war all the time, and the interactions with leaders are just pretty limited in general, all you can do is wage war, be at peace, see their progress, and very rarely do they offer you a technology if you fight someone for them. Unless you consider the uncontrolled planets as secondary factions, there are no secondary factions to interact with. You can't name the planets or ships if you're into that, either. Most of the wonders are very limited in their use, and you can only build one per planet and it depends on the planet you control.Conclusion, Starships is a pretty good game to play if you got a few hours to kill or are up at night and can't sleep and it's relatively easy to pick up and learn as well. While it has it's good things, it also has it's flaws, but in Starships, the good outweighs the bad for this one. For $15, you can't really expect a perfect game especially when Firaxis only put a few months into it, but they put good work into this game. While it serves somewhat as an expansion to Beyond Earth, it is it's own game entirely, and it's very fun and time consuming. Remember though before you buy, just because it has Sid Meier's name on the game does not mean it is a Civilization game, it is it's own game with it's own likeness. For $15, it completely worth it to me, and if you can catch this game on sale, I would definately get it."
,Recommended,282210,14861393,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Bearifex Megasdoux,"Ever since Civilization 5, the Firaxis team has been focused on a casual, arcade-like feel for their games. Civ V never had the intensity that Civ IV and before had, yet it was very agreeable to the eyes and had decent replayability. Moving onwards, we got Civilization: Beyond Earth. A pale comparison to Alpha Centauri, but still a fun game if you were in that arcade mentality. Firaxis continues the trend with Starships, a very simple and pretty game that is practically a tablet app game.Pros:- The visuals are stunning as usual, and seamless graphics for the most part- Very interesting use of tactics, looks like they took a page from their X-Com game- Once you get rolling, the game is straightforward and can bring that ""one more turn... one more turn..."" feeling that every Civ player has come to love and hate.- the variety of planet missions are great and makes every encounter different.- the save-link between Beyond Earth and Starships is a nice touchCons:- If you hoped for a intense space domination game, this might not be the best bet for you- It is really casual oriented, and that does give the feeling of emptiness and being unfulfilled after playing a game (which could last up to 3 hours)- space combat  does get monotonous, and once you fire torpedoes enjoy watching the AI scarmble right into your lasers.- Controlling only one massive fleet takes a lot of tactical potential away, especially on the large/epic maps if your fleet is on the other side of your federation and your planets get attacked.verdict:In the end, I did enjoy this game more then I hated it, and I hope with some modest mods the game can really shine, just like how the mods for Civ V have made it a new game entirely. If you go in with a asual, arcadey attitude, you will not be disappointed and will find this game enticing and refreshing. Just don't expect any long epic campaigns."
76561198321019354,Not Recommended,282210,29735919,Posted: 5 February,all,morpheusalpha,"I cannot recommend this game at all.  It loads, it plays for a few seconds, then it crashes every single time.  Reading my way through forums for over an hour got me about half a dozen possible fixes that were brief and made not much sense as they apparently assumed that their readers would understand what they meant.  I figured out how to implement some of the suggested fixes which did earn me an additional second or two of gameplay; I can select the ship upgrade screen now, but within half a second or so after choosing the game crashes.  Again.  2K support is all but useless.  But that isn't a surprise.  No, I don't think I will choose to uninstall and reinstall Windows.  Instead I'll just junk your crappy program.The game looks like it would be a pleasant little timewaster of the sort I enjoy, but instead it is just an unpleasant waste of time for me.  If others can get it to load, run, and be enjoyable, I envy you your successes.  Congrats, and I actually mean that.  I will just remain disappointed.  Luckily I still have the original Masters of Orion."
76561198014133041,Not Recommended,282210,14909864,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Neokolzia,"This is a non-full feature port from Android/I0S.  It Features, No Multiplayer, Extremely limited options when creating games, Honestly poor replayability.Should be heavier discounted for PC.Its a game that I honestly hoped had more potential, all the tech tree's and literally entire game have very little substenance, all upgrades are like increase damage by 25% etc.Which would be great if there was more then really special AI to fight that never really have opposed me as of yet in power."
76561197997308911,Recommended,282210,14877055,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Yzarr,"Its sid meirs pirates evolved, without the danceing, and fencing :/. but still a quick time killer like civ revolution. Buy on a sale, overpriced for longivity."
76561198026937562,Recommended,282210,14882140,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,dantewashere,"This is NOT an epic strategy game with the level of detail of a Civ 1-5 or a MOO (if you want to think of space strategy games). If you don't have those expectations upfront, then the game can be interesting in it's own way. At it's most basic level, Starships is actually ""Ace Patrol"" set in space with themes from Beyond Earth thrown in. The battle hex board layout is exactly the same as Ace Patrol, but the mechanics of how weapons play out is now space themed. There is definiely more detail here than in Ace Patrol when you look at all aspects of the game. There is a simplified research system, planets that are ""upgradeable"" to harvest more resources for upgrading your ships. All of this is simplified to a point where each aspect of the game could be thought of as an upgrade system, less discovery, and faster. The mission system is also simple and can get a little repetitive, but by mid-game it becomes only battles against other empires. This is a mobile game for the most part, but I don't mind playing a quick game on the PC when I have a moment. Some might say it's not worth $15, but that's actually cheap compared to the $50 epic game. For a fast playing strategy game with more depth than an ""Ace Patrol"", Starships is definitely worth it. The expectations around this game were poorly set up, so watch a gameplay video to decide if it's right for you."
,Recommended,282210,14874379,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Willardee,"Is excellent, like all of Sid Meier's productions. Plays very quickly. Where a Civ game can take 5 hours or so, one round of Starships seems to take about 1.5 hours. Nice gameplay, clear graphics. Very easy to pickup and understand. Altogether, I highly recommend it."
76561198011737538,Recommended,282210,19894729,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The RedNeck,great game
76561197998762884,Recommended,282210,14917194,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,dragonstone333,"i am suprised this game has alot of bad reveiews, If you expecting a huge in depth game this is not for you. It's a simple enjoyable game thats easy to pick up and play. But like a games i recommend you look at game play on youtube before you buy it"
76561197964182076,Not Recommended,282210,14929471,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,[KG]OldFart,"I don't recommend buying this game, since no multiplayer gaming... :("
76561197971199365,Recommended,282210,14892713,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,aozer,"Played a couple of games so far on the first two difficulty levels and smaller universes, and enjoyed both.  The game is easy to get into and fast-paced.  It's reminiscent of Spaceward Ho! for the few of you who may have played it years ago. But with much more depth.I suppose there is the danger of some fun aspects of the game bogging down as the fleets get large and you have to manage larger empires. But I haven't encountered that yet.I do wish you could rename your planets and ships --- the planet names start to blur after a while, and I would like to be able to specialize my ships with regards to capabilities and name them appropriately.I don't think the replayability of Starships will be anywhere near the Civ games, but seems worth the money.  I am looking forward to playing at harder difficulty levels.And hey, there is a final animation for winning!"
76561198013536429,Not Recommended,282210,29126693,Posted: 8 January,all,locksheer,This was a rip off.I got it hoping it would offer some innovation/tye in to Beyond Earth as i like Beyond Earth.  Nope.  This is at best a class D game that they threw Sid Meiers name on to get suckers buying it.I was a sucker...I litterly feel ripped off.  Not as in torn apart but literally conned.
76561198228037272,Not Recommended,282210,17541934,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,luis.ricco6,"cant move the ships, I have mac dont know if thats the problem, I click right click and nothing happen doesnt do anything"
,Recommended,282210,14948773,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,MatthewMN,"Loved it, fast pace turn based game. It's not like other Sid games, but that's ok since it's half the price of their normal games. Don't really understand why so many people are negative about Starships, meh it happily kills time for me."
76561198031483690,Not Recommended,282210,20866013,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ginchan3000,Very bad game
76561198074542052,Not Recommended,282210,31568909,Posted: 5 May,all,markitect1,suddenly this game will not load. it crashes after the splash screens...HELP!
76561198121648733,Not Recommended,282210,16818523,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,white1498,some like to just play sid meier's games as a way to relax. not to always campete with the games A.I.
76561198040936853,Not Recommended,282210,20018173,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,tall.connor,"A very simple game, where factions have virtually no impact on play style.  Not worth the money."
,Recommended,282210,14887146,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jimmy The Saint,"It's fun, it's cheap and maybe it's too easy (trying hard next) but if it's a cash grab for a CIV6 or DLC for BE, I'll take it.  I can't give it a bad review, because I am enjoying playing it.Pros:- it's less than 20$- It has Sid Meire's name on it- Space battles and lasers!- Has some play bonus integrations with Beyond EarthCons:- Way too easy (Beat game on first play through on both Easy and Moderate)- Feels unfinished, like it was rushed to store- Cant' use WASZ to move the map, have to use arrow keys- No Shortcut keys"
76561198008692494,Recommended,282210,14862239,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Dr. Sedula,"I knew before it was released that this game would be ranted and raged about on release. Why? Because a number of people had expectations which were completely out of line with the game that Firaxis promoted repeatedly on their YouTube channel.Sid Meier's Starships was announced as a tablet game with a PC version from the get-go, but a certain segment of gamers saw the name Sid Meier and convinced themselves that this game was going to be Civilization In Space (a.k.a. Sid Meier's Master Of Orion) despite all evidence to the contrary.Here's what it is: a simplified tactical space game with colorful graphics and impressive music. It has some depth -- it might be worth reading the in-game rules section to understand the game's strategic layer -- but it's basically a tactical starship battle game.Does the game have problems? Yup. The lack of a true fullscreen on PC, for example, really annoys me (you have to manually set your taskbar to auto-hide) but there's nothing wrong here on day one that a few, inevitable post-launch patches won't fix.So, if you're undecided, wait for the patching. Some people report not being able to start the game at all, but I've seen none of that here. (If it won't start, I've heard that skipping the opening cutscene may be a work-around)Day One Verdict? The things I like about Sid Meier's Starships outweigh the things I don't, by a fairly wide margin. I expect a number of issues to be corrected with patches, going forward. This isn't the next great strategy game -- it's a ""play it for fast, fun starship battles"" tablet game.You won't devote days and weeks of your life to this game, but I think Sid Meier's Starships does what it set out to do very well."
76561198136486584,Recommended,282210,14854407,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,AwesomeOne,"Coming into this game, my expectations weren't super high. There are some features that could be better, no doubt, but for what it is, and the short time that I played it at the time of writing this review, I do recommend it.Compared to other Civ games, it's light, but the features that are in it make it pretty fun (even though they could do with some touching up). It seems like most people don't like the game very much, but for it's price, if your a fan of Civ games and other space games as well, I'd say give it a shot. It's not the greatest by any means, but still worth a look. I'm sure with future patches, the game will get better (hopefully).Pros:-The ships for each affiliation (Supremacy, Harmony, Purity) look pretty good and when upgrading them, their look changes with each corresponding upgrade.-The way you get control of different planets is pretty cool (in my opinion)-A decent amount of leaders to choose from each with different bonuses-The battle and movement animations look nice and fairly smooth-Tactical battles are pretty fun, but may get boring quickly depending on who you face. (Pirates are a constant thing when it comes to the quests)-Easy to learn and understand the mechanics.Cons:-The camera control is pretty awful. I get it was made for mobile as well as PC, but really? You can only move the camera with the arrow keys and it's pretty bad, especially in battles.-Quests to control planets can get repetitive; most of the time it's just beating up pirates of some sort, though since I've only just started playing, it may change as you go along (doubtful though).-There are no graphical options at all, and the fullscreen mode (at least for me) shows my taskbar still at the bottom of my screen. Minor, but can be annoying.-The affiliations are cool, but I wish there was a little more variety with them. The only real difference I've noticed so far are different looking ships and a different starting bonus.-The research ""tree"" is...lackluster to say the least.That's about all for now. I'll update this review further as I play and as they patch the game in the future.Personally, I do recommend it, but don't expect a huge amount, cause it's not Civ, but nevertheless, it's still pretty fun to play.Thanks for reading, guys!-AwesomeOne"
,Recommended,282210,14858059,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Longreach Jones,"Fast, fun little space 4x.Initial impressions are that this is Sid Meier's take on a remake of Master of Orion 2.The pros are this game has very little learning curve with a pretty easy to learn interface. Easy is easy, hard is actually hard, just as it should be. This is the kind of game you play if you don't have time for a game of Civ, but still want that hit of strategy.The cons are lack of flavour and options. The game at times feels a little generic, like the bare bones were built, the skins were drafted, but the complex flavouring was left out. At times it's like going to a 3 star resaurant for a burger and fries."
76561198009724645,Recommended,282210,14863980,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mr.Church,"I watched the Twitch vids for this on the Firaxis channel and I liked the look of it so I preordered. I've waited till I got a few hours in to post this so as to do the review justice.It's alot of fun! I'm actually surprised I'm enjoying it this much. I was hearing alot of negative stuff before the launch so was unsure but after playin it for a while I'm completely satisfied with the purchase!The game is alot quicker than you're used to from a Sid Meier title, I havn't tried a small map (preferring the large) but I'd estimate you could Knock out a game on the train to work or the tube or whatever you're taking!There's enough strategy in there to keep you thinking, between mission choices, planetary improvements, wonder construction and ship upgrades/ships.Visiually its pretty but nothin special.Audio is the same.I was disappointed I could not rename ships and planets.On the whole a great casual title perfect for me between stressful rounds on other games or a quick game of somethin when you don't have the time for a 3 week epic game of civ 5!On the whole I like the game and I'm glad I bought it, Its fun!I'd give it 7/10*Edit: Just a thought, but being able to purchase officers maybe 1 per level of ship in 5 main categorys:ShieldsWeaponsNavigationRepair per turnFighter Rebuildetc et al"
,Recommended,282210,14855810,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Leszek,"This is something I can recommend with pure heart.But do not expect complex strategy game.This is rather something to play between other games.After playing for about an hour I have decided to pick it up for iPad, and this is probably the platform I'm going to play this game at.Good, not complex strategy game.Definitelly worth the money.Much better initial experience than CBE."
,Recommended,282210,14867503,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Norcus,"Simple and elegantFor the price I did not expect a game that would blow me away. I expected a polished simple single player experience and that is exactly what I got.At first I was slightly disappointed in the introduction video. It should at the very least scale up to 1080p, but it is a minor aestethic complaint. Next I was confounded by the ""Settings"". Basically you can only choose between windowed or fullscreen, and you can adjust various volume levels. Thats it. Further on it becomes obvious that you will not need any advanced settings for this game.Visually the game delivers a polished, clean and smooth experience. Various icons and symbols ties nicely in with Beyond Earth. Aduio effects are also very BEish.Strategically you manage planets and one fleet of spaceships through resources produced by said planets and rewards from missions. You have to choose missions wisely because you can only complete so many each turn and those you ignore will be completed by your neighbours.Tactically you move around and attack enemies on various ""maps"" generated for each battle and there are a handful of random elements thrown in for each battle.  You configure your ships offense based on preferred range and utility, and you have a few defensive options as well.The whole thing ties together nicely and offer a relaxed, balanced single player experience. I can easily recommend this game."
76561198015477095,Recommended,282210,14857702,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Possu,awesome strategy game!
76561198012044442,Recommended,282210,14860895,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Fix,fun game!!!
76561198030170536,Recommended,282210,14861338,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,FonixShield,"A short but good game. As you can see on the price, it is a small game. The game is good. It's would be great if there would be multiplayer in it. But there is only single player skirmish in it, I think.(SPOILER a.k.a. about the game:) I only played 2.1 hours on medium size and easy level so far.It's not a civ game. You have only 1 ""unit"" with many ships in it. Combats are  turn based. Science wonders, and everything goes for building your ships. Aside from your one unit, the other important thing is defending your planets. On easy level if you defeat enemy homeplanet then you get all territory of his.(note: If you register to 2k at the left side of the menu, then you will be able to get bonuses from Civ:Beyond Earth)Because of its style, it would be great if there would be multiplayer.."
76561198015894322,Recommended,282210,14867711,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,dpolinger,"I have never reviewed a game before, but after reading so many reviews of others, I wanted to express my opinion.  Whether or not I can recommend the game is dependent upon what you seek, and what your expectations are.The biggest problem, from what I have inferred from reading reviews, is from disapointed expectations.  Civilization V and earlier Firaxis/Sid Meier games are nothing short of brilliant.  The entire Civilization series (and I have been there since its inception) could arguably be labeled the greatest PC games ever produced, from every which way you might want to analyze it: quality, depth, re-playablility, customization, fun, and strategy.If you are looking for Starships to have the depth, and strategy (long-term planning and maneuvering) to achieve the final victory, you won't find that here.  This is a simple game, almost more like an arcade game with some choice elements to be determined by your preference, such as do you want firepower or stealth?  But not the intricies of long-term grand scale strategy that Civ is famous for.  If you are anticipating even a scaled-down version of Civ, you will be disappoineted.  This is not a game of watching your grand design come to frutuion.   After having played several games of Civilization V, marathons that lasted more than 800 turns and a week of playing per game, I welcome being able to play a quick in-and-out game like this.  This is more complicated than Solitaire or Minesweeper, and can be similarly addicitve.  Starships is NOT trying to be Civ.  Perhaps Firaxis went too far away from strategy on this one, but I had fun with it.    Simple fun.However, I was really disappointed the way ship design and outfitting work.  When I first heard about this release , I thought back to one of my all-time favortie games, Master of Orion II, and shrilled at the prospect of a Sid Meier version of this.  In MOO2, you selected a ship class, which was an empty shell, and you chose how to outfit it, based upon the research you had done.  And even if you were capable of adding your Class X shields to your ship, you could have instead installed Class V shields, allowing more space for other modules (such as another array of lasers) and reducing its cost.   And there were several choices of laser technology to add, based on research and function.   In Starships, there are only lasers (long-range) and plasma cannons (short range), with only a nebulous upgrade by incrementing a level.  I was looking forward to specialized intricate ship design.  There is none of that, as this is the simplest system.  For me, the ship designing  in MOO2 was the most exciting part of any Space 4X game I have ever played, and what I was hoping  Starships would be.  Based upon my expectation, my desire, this game fails.Does this game have depth?  No.  Is the strategy a deep-thinking man's game like Civ?  No.  Was it fun?   Yes.    What you want from a game, the level of complexity and granularity you enjoy,  together with your expectation of Starships, will determine whether you think it is worth it ot not.    For some easy, casual and quick fun, Starships delivers.  But if you want this to be a CIv-like game, or somewhat like MOO2, complicated and full of strategic and tactical choices, it will not satisfy."
,Recommended,282210,14868082,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ANX.Zeus,This is the first time I've written a review. 94 minutes in and I'm hooked... graphics aren't the best to be honest but the play is there. Would be nice to know more about different ship classes but the gameplay is good. I can envisage it becoming stale after a while such as other Civ games but I'm sure multiplayer will provide endless hours of fun.
,Recommended,282210,14869186,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Lt. Silverblade,"First of all, this is the kind of game I wanted and needed. I needed something to replace in my heart the one and only Fantasy General and the Panzer General series to a lesser extent.It has the exact level of casualness I was looking for.It's light, it's windowed, it's user friendly.It's perfectly upgradeable in the future (I hope so at least).Don't look for deep strategy, this is first and foremost a tactical hex battles game. The difficulties are what they are and it shows. On easy you can pretty much outsmart every A.I., but as soon as you reach hard enemies in medium or even moreso in the higher difficulties it really shows if you're a tactical genius or not.Oh, don't forget your torpedoes at home. They rule the space."
76561197998003689,Recommended,282210,14868158,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Genesis423,"It's a good little game, I'd buy it full price, but would recommend people buy it for sale. Reminds me of MoO2, only less depth, and alot shorter.It's the most basic of 4X games I've ever seen, and because, good. It polished its core very well, you need to explore to expand, and you need to exterminate your rivals to make sure you end up with a controlling majority of the galaxy. You explore other player by playing off know rivals, for boost in you tech or resources.I've only complete the one play through, and it took me roughly an hour. The controls took me about 15min to learn.Comparing it to MoO2, combat is hex-bases rather than square based, and you take on the role of fleet commander. Very similar to each other, and it was nice.The game is really basic, focusing on the core of what makes a 4X game, well, a 4X game, you can gain tech/recourses from fighting for a rival of a allied faction.I think we need to seem more games like this, games that focus on what makes a good 4X game, before we see another MoO3, or Galactic Civ game. Going to fair done the path of exploration, exploitation, or extermination."
,Recommended,282210,14865356,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Bregalad,Forget SM:BE and the connection to this game; this is much better.
,Recommended,282210,14865814,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Endel Nurk,"This is more of an Ace Patrol game than a Civ game. The factions, alignments and model design are based on those from Beyond Earth but that's the closest it gets to Civ. Instead this is a game about moving spaceships around a map, completing Star Trek style missions and having the occasional war. Good fun, and nice and quick."
,Recommended,282210,14859819,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,lentulus,"This is basically exactly what I expected: simple, straightforward, turn based space ship combat.  I encountered no errors or crashes, enjoyed every minute of my first playthrough"
76561198055363127,Recommended,282210,14859612,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,(9NV) crazygoldfish,"This game would be perfect if they would have expended it into the size and detail of civ 5. It definitely has the portential to be a game like that. Now if only they combined civ 5 civBE and starships, let the game be civilization 5 and have civBE and starships be expansions to the game. Just add the techs of both games, satelites, and the planetary warfare, but no major changes to the way civ 5 runs  have it be nothing more but a large expansion to Civ 5. I would find it to be really cool to get to future in civ 5 have several stages that would reach you to the late game victories, for example when you complete space victory it would be a world wonder instead and you would get an advantage for ship tech or new future technology, or a say a diplomatic victory would give a bonus to how much influence you would have over a new world when you assist them in getting rid of marauders, and the dom victory would determine how powerful you were before when you jumped to the space section of the future and give you a bonus ship or give extra bounses to your ship, (unless you conquered everyone, then you would win an early victory). Another thing that could make combat very interesting would be, for one have more than one fleet and once you won the space combat you get to siege the actually planet and have to fight through the inter planetary defenses and show if you have what it takes to truely take over the world, instead of just beating their fleet and you have the world. The only other things that should be added could be the aliens and health which could be in place with having to deal with happiness from civ 5 at the same time, and make you have to deal advanced aliens whom are just advanced as you. And keep how the spy system works in Civ 5 althrough out the game, and keep the intrigue nosense from CivBE out of the game."
76561198007978316,Recommended,282210,14858993,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,brucemnear,Hey it's a fun little game.  It's not rocket science but it's entertaining.
,Recommended,282210,14859864,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,TitillatingTortellini,"Good, solid game. Not quite of the same quality as the Civilization titles, but since it's based on Beyond Earth which is really just an overlay for Civ V without most of the features or ease of use, that's not suprising. All in all a fun and enjoyable game. At $15 It's worth buying, but I wouldn't spend much more. Wait for a sale unless you're a die-hard Sid Meier fan."
76561198011515629,Recommended,282210,14901778,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Blackcompany,"Strategy-Lite; 4x-Lite. More filler game than mainstay. A little lacking in the kind of depth one finds in GalCiv or Total War. All of these things are true.And you know what? That is okay with me.Because Starships is not trying to be any of those games. This is a lite weight affair with ample choices and sufficient depth for the game it is trying to be. And that is a game wherein a player can wile away a few hours enjoying excellent theme and some lightweight, enjoyable turn based combat.If you're looking for the next GalCiv or Endless Space, no, this is not your game. If on the other hand you prefer your strategy lighter and simpler and a little less overwhelming - or you just want to kill a few hours with some lite fun - then give this a look. Especially if you enjoyed Ace Patrol, as this really is quite a good game in its own right."
,Recommended,282210,14855170,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Tjureth,"Simple but not bad. Ok for the price if your like the Idea of One Fleet slowly taking over the Universe.For all these below: Toggle Fullscreen in your Main Menue Options, wtf is wrong with you?No Exit Button? Try pressing Escape?!+ Starships(!)+ Crossover with BE-Achievements+ Simple but entertaining- Very short games- Needs registering an my2k Account for Cross-Game-Stuff- Technically a bit of an understatement (Framerate, Destrucion Animations)Its not a ""full"" Game in my opinion, its a neat little addition to BE and the Name Sid Meier on this may lead to a lot of big expectations, that will be disappointed..."
76561198036224730,Recommended,282210,14867006,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Otti,"ENGLISH""Sid Meier's Starships"" is like these three parents become a baby: ""Civilization - Beyond Earth"", ""Star Wars - Empire at War"" and ""Strange Adventures in Infinite Space"" (which had a sequel: ""Weird Worlds"")!Civ-BE contributes a background story and the Optics.SW-EaW adds the idea, that everything takes place in an entire galaxy. You just see the planets, but you can only see the appropriate suns are only visible in the ultra-cool space combat mode.And SAiIS delivers the general feeling! You are put into the role of a Fleet Commander, assigned to a spacefaring civilization. Your civilization is always called ""United Federation"". It's purpose is to spread its light over all other planets in the galaxy. Unlike SAiS you have up to six opponents, who try to do the same things like you.In ""Starships"" you always control exactly one fleet, consisting of a handfull of ships. You're heading from one quest to the next with these ships, until - after a while - it hopefully turns out, that you've been better than your opponents.I can raise my thumb for ""Starships"", for I like the immersion (that means: ""atmosphere"") of the game and because - being a 35-year old Gamer - I worship Sid Meier as a God! The game is cheaper than Sid Meier's unforgotten milestones, so don't expect a pretentious masterpiece, that makes history.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------DEUTSCH""Sid Meier's Starships"" ist so, als ob diese drei Eltern ein Baby bekommen hätten: ""Civilization - Beyond Earth"", ""Star Wars - Empire at War"" und ""Strange Adventures in Infinite Space"" (dem späteren ""Weird Worlds"")!Civ-BE liefert die Hintergrund-Story und die Optik.SW-EaW liefert die Idee, dass alles in einer kompletten Galaxie geschieht. Man sieht die Planeten, aber die dazugehörigen Sonnen sieht man bestenfalls im überaus coolen Raumkampfmodus.Und SAiIS liefert das Spielgefühl! Du schlüpfst in die Rolle des Flottenbefehlshabers einer raumfahrenden Zivilisation, die beschlossen hat, ihr Licht auf allen anderen Planeten zu verbreiten. Du erkennst Deine Fraktion immer an dem unveränderlichen Namen ""Vereinte Föderation"", aber im Unterschied zu SAiS hast Du bis zu sechs Gegenspieler, die das Gleiche wollen, wie Du!In ""Starships"" kontrollierst Du immer genau eine Flotte, bestehend aus einer Handvoll Raumschiffen. Mit denen kämpfst Du Dich von Quest zu Quest, bis sich irgendwann hoffentlich herausstellt, dass Du besser warst, als Deine Kontrahenten.Da ich Wert lege auf Immersion (sprich: Atmosphäre) und als 35-jähriger Gamer den guten alten Sid Meier als Gott verehre, kann ich meinen Daumen nur heben! Das Spiel kostet weniger als Sid Meier's unvergessliche Meilensteine, also erwarte kein pompöses Meisterwerk, das in die Geschichte eingehen wird."
,Recommended,282210,14867839,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,socaldeed,"Okay don't let the thumbs up fool you, I 've played every game with Sid Meir's name on it since the first Civ game.  This looks to be an early release at full price, I wouldn't spend the $15 on it just yet. It's not deep, very clunky to control and just all around not good YET.  I have complete faith that once the devs start the inevitable patches and DLC's this will turn out to be a much better game in a few years ala CiV 5, we all remember what that was like at first but then came the patches, the DLC's, more patches.  Must I go on?  Anyways wait until this puppy goes on sale and then snarf it up and wait for the really good stuff (crossing fingers) to show up.  Come on dev's help us out."
,Recommended,282210,14857377,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Volcel James Bond,"Let's be upfront about something: This is not a Civilization game, nor does it pretend to be. If you're looking for Alpha Centauri 2 or a rehabilitation of Beyond Earth that isn't a weak Civ5 mod, you're in the wrong place.If you want a board game to play on your computer, then this is exactly what you're looking for.Starships is a compact game probably designed primarily for mobile devices. And you know what? There's nothing wrong with that. Where Starships excels is in its vision and execution of making a game that recreates the board game experience.What's so elegant about Starships is that it takes common board game mechanics and takes advantage of the fact that since the game is being run on a computer, it can develop those mechanics to new heights. Developing planets as your resource generators very much mirrors how a board game might have a chart where you move tokens around to determine how much you get per turn. Special abilities function like cards drawn out of a deck, and the map looks like a game board. Even the victory condition, ""Control 51% of the map"" sounds like something out of a board game.The combat is simple but deep. You get full customization of your units, and you move around on a hex grid shooting at each other with stuff like line of sight, distance, and cover to calculate. It would be unmanageable as a tabletop game (unless everyone playing is a total Warhammer junkie), but as a video game it's very easy to let the computer do all the calculations for you.Like any game worth its weight, the rules are very simple to understand after a turn or two, but there's enough nuance to them that you'll be spending quite a few hours understanding how to optimize everything and adjust on the fly.Major strikes against the game: Missing a lot of basic computer game functions (come on, let me up the resolution!) and no multiplayer. The latter is pretty bad, but then again, it takes a very special group of people to have the patience to sit through a multiplayer 4X game.In short: It's a board game. Don't fool yourself into thinking otherwise. But it is a great board game that takes advantage of not forcing the players to calculate anything on the fly, and blossoms because of that. If you even enjoy the occassional game of Settlers of Catan, this is probably a game you'll enjoy."
76561198086889827,Recommended,282210,14869160,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,LetsGoBuffalo,"Recommended as a standalone, not because of cross-compatability with Civ: BEPlain and simple, this is what I think most people expected of Civ: BE. It's a great standlaone, especially for $15. However, the cross-compatability sucks. You can make a ""new game"" in Starships out of the state of your current Civ: BE game, and get ""rewards"" in Starships for what you've done in Civ: BE. THAT'S IT.Buy it if you thought Civ: BE was ruling the galaxy, not just an exoplanet."
,Recommended,282210,14869403,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Phorth,"Sci-Fi Digital Strategy Board Game( I had to sit down with the game for a number of hours before coming up with the exact reasons why I enjoy it, and it very much earns it's positive recommendation. I'll probably edit this again)It's all about enjoying a digital board game set in space and chilling out. This is a lite-tactical hexagonal space mission game. As captain of a federation, you are charged with bouncing the fleet between planets completing various types of missions and winning over the galaxy that resulted in the wake of Beyond Earth. From the rewards from victories and accumulated resources, you're able to upgrade your ships in a few different ways from increasing their basic health and strength to providing abilities like stealth, torpedo salvos and carrier-borne interceptors. Strategic diplomacy is extremely basic, and amounts to whether you want to deal with the AI directly opposing you or not.The game is very simple, and I recommend watching a ""Let's Play"" on YouTube before buying as it's a large departure from Firaxis' other games. The game feels like it'd be at home on a tablet or phone due to it's simplicity.The gameplay pacing is well suited for short stints for people that want to relax with a small space tactical game. I think it's great to do a full voyage (about 4 missions) and then put the game down for a bit. It's not for great hour long marathons, but a full game might take anywhere from 1-2 hours.So does it reflect Firaxis' Civ ""just one more turn"" philosophy? Probably not. But is that really a bad thing? It depends on what you were looking for. It's great for those times when one is juggling other tasks.There are very few areas where I'd nit-pick it, especially as a single player game. There are many player strategies which are very unbalanced, such as cloaking mixed with some of the Wonders. I would say that the most fun I have is when I pick it up with a particular house-rule for my gameplay that restricts a particular technology or strategy that I'd used prior.I would love to see the ability to mod in and out various aspects, such as to revamp the resources in a drawn out game, and more of the missions reminicent of the exploration phase.From a technical perspective, if this was done in Ruby, I'm impressed and hopeful.I think it'd be a great project for even a scripter or programmer to step in and change things to suit their own tastes."
76561198015971298,Not Recommended,282210,14909563,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sethkragus,"Even at $14.99 this game is even more garbage then Civ: Beyound Earth. Feels more like a beta/demo then a full game. If you think you are going to have fun customizing ships and planets think again. Planet customizing consist of cliicking a button to add points to resources or population. Ship customization isn't really customization at all, but just add points to like 6 different stats. It's just sad how a great franchise can fall so far but this seems to be happening lately with all big titles. Oh and there is an end game that you can't keep playing after like other Civ games, so onces it's over you have to start a new game :(."
,Recommended,282210,14869215,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,hansilsblood,"Really worth the 15 dollars i spent, when looking at it try not to think of it as its own stand alone game which it actually does really well as, look at it like a future exspantion for Beyond Earth. Because thats basically what it is. Firaxis announced that they are going to tie it in with beyond earth adding another layer of machanics to an already solid game."
,Recommended,282210,14856093,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,God-Emperor Quagsire,"TL;DR I wasn't sure I'd like it at first, but then I got into a tactical battle and enjoyed myself. Kind of a mix between Master of Orion and a tactical board game. Not a normal Sid Meier game where you can sink 100s of hours into, takes 1-2 hours to win and worth multiple replays. Not bad for 15 dollars. 8/10===More In Depth Review===Simple Space 4x where you have to get enough of the galaxy fighting for Team Player Character to win the galaxy super election.You start off with one planet, and venture out to other planets to win their allegiance (either through doing quests, buying influence, destroying their factions fleet or simply ending your turn there). On each planet you can make upgrades that will either increase their resource output or add a warp gate (giving you free movement to the planet) or constructing a defensive fleet. Each planet rolls 1-2 random strategic attributes that give it an advantage (such as +50% energy output or 1/2 cost on resource buildings). Each planet also rolls a random tactical attribute such as torpedos being undetectable or more powerful cover from asteroids. A planet also has a chance of having the ability to have a wonder being built on it. All of this is somewhat simple, but there is a real swing factor in gaining or losing a planet with a great combination of attribute that adds a lot of fun to it.Combat is great and where most of the enjoyment is. It's hex based TBS that has a heavy emphasis on cover and positioning.  Ships have three weapons at their disposal- Lasers (long range light damage), Plasma (short range medium damage) and Torpedos (Long Range Massive damage, but very predictable). Ships can also activate stealth (can't be hit with targeted weapons, enemy has to use sensor to find you) activate sensors (for finding stealthed units) or activate impulse drive (trade an action for a single movement in any direction without turning). Effectively, how combat goes is you use asteroids for cover while denying cover to enemies with your torpedoes.Unlike plasma or lasers, torpedoes don't lose damage when fired through an asteroid field. They can't explode the first turn they are fired and continue moving in a straight line for up to three turns. As they automove on the second and third turn you are allowed to make them explode remotely as they move in ""real time"". Being near the center of a torpedo explosion is usually a one shot kill. The explosions also clear asteroids. Torpedos almost never directly get kills against you so long as you move out of their path. The AI doesn't seem to respect them enough though - in the last battle of the game I played I got a triple kill with a torpedo as three ships maneuvered close together to take pot shots at one of my fighters.Your army is a persistent fleet of ships that you purchase upgrades for. Upgrades are pretty predictable (engines give you more moves per turn, lasers do more damage) and there's no real incentive to specialize other then you can't afford all the upgrades at once. There's also a fairly mild experienced mechanic tied to a ship's performance in battle. Science ties into all of this as well, but it's just more simple upgrades to laser damage paid for with a separate currency that effects your whole fleet at once.Wonder balance seems a bit wonky, there are some extremely cheesy wonders like the one that gives you an extra action in combat. It is somewhat limited in that you can't use it on firing lasers or plasma twice in a single turn... but you can fire two torpedos, or release twice as many fighter fleets or attack and then immediately cloak to avoid reprisals.===Overall===+Interesting, Fun Combat+Understandable UI+Powerful feeling planets attributes-Somewhat Questionable AI-Economy and Diplomacy seem simple even by the low standards of economy and diplomacy in Space 4X-A lot of uninteresting upgradesI'd love if it were multiplayer because the combat seems like it'd be more fun if there were living human beings on the other end but for $15 I won't pitch a fit over it. It's an entirely fun single player 4X that doesn't overstay it's welcome and is simple enough for people who don't normally play 4Xs.Sidenote: There's also a lot of mutual unlocks with Civ: Beyond Earth but I haven't explored any of that yet so I'm ignoring it."
76561197993215797,Recommended,282210,14858172,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,dax,"-- updated after 2 complete playthroughs --After playing the game a couple of times and learning the intricacies a little more, I'm still enjoying the game. It is simple and fun, and has surprisingly repeat-play value. Although I do hope they release an update that would make it a little easier to play (proper fullscreen support, better key bindings, etc.). Would be nice if they added more complex missions too.I'd give it 3.5 out of 5 stars.-- initial review --I like this game! It is not sophisticated or expansive as Civ or Beyond Earth, but it isn't too shabby either. There is no steep learning curve, although it took me 30 min to get used to the mechanics. So far I'm enjoying this game. I'll update my review once I have a few more hours under my belt.As far as the negative reviews go, I think the game got hyped too much and was expected to be big like Civ, but personally I think people should've seen how complex (or not) the game would be when they announced it would be available on the ipad as well."
76561198016660054,Not Recommended,282210,14907068,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Cuddlebag,Well... this is just not a good game.
,Not Recommended,282210,22754091,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MalshMan,"Its a difficult one, ive only played about an hour or so but i don't think that matters much. Yes i think the concept of the game is good, but it just seems unfinished. It needs alot of work, alot of refining to get it to a good standard. Yes i know that was the same for Civilization V and Beyond Earth, but both of those games didnt need massive changes unlike this.i would get the game to try it out for yourself as its quite cheap, but until its improved, i know i wont be playing it as much as good old Civ 5."
,Recommended,282210,27895643,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Magnonsix,It's fun and very easy to learn ...  I found it addicitive for such a simple game ...unfortunately my Hd went to live with Jesus and i have not been able to play until today!
76561198237200266,Not Recommended,282210,23797619,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kjub03,From Sid Meier this is disappointing.Pros: Cheap.Cons: Boring and weird.
76561198058140229,Recommended,282210,14875071,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,met44,"This is really sad that people were expecting a new 4X game and didn't care to try to understand what was acheived with this game. Guys if you are real fans of Sid's work go watch videos he did playing the game himself and explaining what it is and stop giving bad reviews to a great game simply because you didn't take 5 minutes to inform yourself before buying it.Now, to the review:This game is a fast paced strategic & tactical game with a very small learning curve, it offers to have great time on this type of game in a short period of time and it does it really well.What other strategy game feels both elaborated in style, content and gameplay but is at the same time simple enough to almost feel casual ?(and no, there are no great mobile strategy games except maybe chess, and side note games of type build something and pay or wait aren't games and even less strategy games, they are a steal and should be deemed internationnaly illegal, goddamnit)In Civ: Starship instead of building an empire and the story of a world, you build a victory.Game feels polished (noticed a couple tiny bugs but nothing anywhere close to game breaking, i'm just picky on this because i'm in game dev myself), and is really well optimized.Ships are low poly and haven't heard of dx11 :( but visually better than up close models in BE and don't feel as disapointing.Regardless of what people are saying, all this game misses is competitive multiplayer and that doesn't take away from it that it's an awsome game in his own gender, aside from the franchise.To be honest, I thought I'd be as disapointed by this as I was with BE, but it turned out to be the complete opposite and I'm already loving the game. It's a total surprise how great it is, i didn't believe someone could pull it off.My last game almost felt like playing a board game. I can't wait for the next half hour i'll have to poor into this :)Sid if you ever read this, I'm really sorry so many people are blinded and don't understand it but you did an awsome job. Thank you."
76561198050149616,Recommended,282210,14853641,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SentosKarum,"Currently lacks a ""Keep playing option"", also didn't expect a) enemy faction literally two systems over and contact on first turn, b) bum rushing them working that good. (Was playing on Epic so was looking forward to loooong game)Also Faction leaders are all the same with a bit of different hair-do for three flavors of humanity.That said, good fun but if you're like me and accustomed to keeping on playing after winning the game (of Civilisatuion/Alpha Centauri etc.) you're currently in for dissappointment."
76561198009586772,Recommended,282210,14858282,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Moforkus,"I just downloaded starships and played a few games. This game is awesome! I don't get people who are complaining that this game isn't enough like the civ games...seriously...one of the biggest criticisms of critics regarding beyond earth was its supposed overly similar interface and gameplay (to civ 5). So sid releases a game that is only loosely based on beyond earth (factions, faction bonuses) and all of a sudden this game doesn't play the same as beyond earth or civ 5? wow..talk about hard to please....Anyways back to my review:The good-This game is very tactical (the battlefield has asteroids/planets you can use as cover (to hide behind) and blocking players shots (some weapons can shoot through minimal asteroid fields but then the dmg you take is reduced (it feels good when the comp tells you you have only a 35% chance to complete a mission given your current situation (*ships/upgrades etc) and you still manage to pull it off!-upgrades on planets provide good strategic options (as planet wonders affect your economy, ships, battle, income, repair costs etc the list goes on...)-The ai is pretty sneaky and will come by and try to undermine your influence on planets that haven't been won over to your side yet-upgrading your ships even has some strategy too it (do you upgrade existing ships to have more movement points, higher shield, better weapons, cloaking, sensor range etc) vs buying a completely new ship and thus increasing your overall fleet size-fleet sizes don't seem to get too big, so its easy to manage, and the combat is really fun. of course you have to like turn based hex based combat to enjoy this (but what are you doing buying a sid meier game if you dont'? lol)-the ai will ally with other players against you (but its still not impossible to win...just hard) - so the challenge is there if you want it (as i only played on normal and i found it challenging)-the graphics are pretty good, and the animations look cool (lol its like  startrek but without familiar ship designs)-various parts of your economy to manage (balancing metal (to improve defenses/planets, food (to increase city sizes (and thus increase resource generation), energy (to upgrade your ship) and science points (to provide general upgrades to your entire fleet- all of the crap is pared away with this game..no random stats or updates on your planet populations mood/ or any of that garbage..this has been replaced with the morale of your starships troops (they fight less effectively until you give them shore leave (effectively this is the end turn button)..enemy does its turns and then you receive your planet income and start your new turn (with all morale restored). There is a wonder you can build on your planets so that your starship crew fights at max level no matter the level of fatigue (this is def something to research.).-the defense of your planets is handled well (you buy planet defense upgrade (its called a megabot or something) and they are basically extra ships that will assistn you in defense of a planet (good thing to upgrade...lol).the bad-it would be nice if i could adjust the graphics options (even though it does look really good lol i like the ability to make it even better..thats why i bought an expensive pc....-the trainer (i.e. tutorial) is ok...but doesn't tell you everything you need to know...(tutorial is only a few popups and ends with telling you to click the info button (and it then gives you a suggestion of what to do). Some things i had to figure out for myself (most of it is intuitive so you will figure it out just by playing a game or two) but a little more help would have improved the experience for people who don't want to waste any time figuring out little details (for instance i didn't know i could improve defenses...build cities etc until i started clicking buttons to see what did what), i also didn't realize i could buy a new ship (instead of just improving the ones i had), i didn't know if i could have more than one fleet (it doesn't seem like you can) and it wasn't super obvious to me if i had to manually change weapons in combat (lasers for long range, photon something for close range and torpedoes for really far) lasers/photons activate when you go to attack the enemy by themselves (i.e. if its too far for photons you shoot lasers and vice versa). Torpedoes are weird in that you do activate it manually but when you shoot them (at first they dont' do anything...you have to wait until your next turn to manually detonate it or move it forward more) you have 2 turns to either move it forward a bit more or detonate it (after 2 turns it detonates by itself). generally people see them coming but you can move out of the way...unless you get the planet wonder that makes them perma stealthed (which is awesome). (ok this was long but basically as you can see..woulda been nice if the game just told me some of that stuff..but you figure it out pretty easy.- not much story here...at all (if you care about story this may irritate you)Overall, this game is pretty awesome...its fun to play, different enough from normal sid meier games that its refreshing, but familiar enough that you won't be completely lost if you have played a 4x strat game before. Definitely recommend this game! just buy it already!...at 17 bucks its less than half of what i paid for beyond earth and is just as fun so its a great price point for a game that has a surprising amount of depth at a price thats cheaper than going to a movie at the theater."
,Recommended,282210,14881547,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Time Jockey,"With the right expectations, it's a satisfying experience. Easy to pick up and play, without the massive time commitment of most 4X games. Yes, it's a fairly casual game, but if that's what you're looking for, it's hard to go wrong for the price point."
,Recommended,282210,14861514,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Gsox,"Ace Patrol in Space!No real Strategy game like the Civilization games, but a nice little tactical game.If you like Ace Patrol, you will surely like Starships."
,Recommended,282210,14853730,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Donan,"I've only put in 30 minutes or so. Everything works fine for me. Seem's pretty rich game for the price. Graphics are fine. Most of the questions I see in the forum  are easily found if you look around (like saves in options at right top; or full screen etc.) Folks aren't taking time to just look around. I'm pleased with it and again, I have to say allot going on in the game for the price: eg. diplomacy; tactical combat; ship upgrades etc. I'm not sure folks who are complaining are playing the same game. But then again, I'm not overly critical, but even so is fun for me. ymmv."
76561198079216132,Recommended,282210,14860379,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,The_Nvisible,"Simplified UI and light on strategy make this a mixed bag of a game. I like it, but it is lacking something. I have only played one game and do not regret buying it. It will just take more play time to really get it I think."
76561198025407770,Recommended,282210,14856347,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Toboe,if you can get past all of the crashing randomly and 50/50 chance of the game playing right its a good game. not as good as the others but its still good
,Recommended,282210,14861435,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Haratu,"This game is obviously designed to be a tablet game that would have run alongside Beyond Earth. This is most obvious by the apparent lack of a simple exit button on the main screen, something very common on tablet games.With that out of the way, this game is a decent PC game and the strategy is very well done. The war game events seem at first glance boring and strightforward, but they are quite complex if you plan it out right and adapt in game.I have tried it on a Surface Pro 3 and it works fine. Once you start it on a device with touchscreen then the options gice the choice for the controls to be touchscreen.Overall it is a good game. I would recommend waiting for a BE/Starships combo sale as it is worth about $15 in my opinion."
,Recommended,282210,14861656,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Teknomage01,"I am very thankful I paid no attention to any of the hype for this game.. why? Because I didn't have undue expecations, so I think this game is fun! Yes, its simple.. its meant to be. Thats a good thing to me (and I play a lot of very complex deep games). The menu is sparse? Well.. its meant to be simple, so why would a simple game have a complex menu? You can easily playthrough a whole game in one night.. and again, thats not a bad thing! Its a quick and simple setup ""boardgame"" style and thats what makes it great! What more could you want for just $15?I have played every. single. sid meier. game. ever. And this game is not bad. Is it alpha centauri in space? No. Its not meant to be. No its not perfect, no game is anymore, not at launch anyway (devs need real feedback from players first, they can't read out minds). I think this game has a lot of potential down the road, especially with integration into civ: beyond earth.A few things I would like to see is a bit more information for the missions before I send my fleet there... some of those missions are brutal! Also, more than one fleet would be especially nice. The game is playable with only one fleet of ships though.Bottom line: if you want a fun, simple, quick and easy(ish) game for cheap that ties into civ: be that can be played in an evening than this is good game for that. If you enjoy tactical turn-based battles and some micromanagment thats not overly complicated this game is good for you. I could easily see this as an actual boardgame someday too, complete with starship figures!"
76561198139334062,Recommended,282210,14860747,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,River 6,Love this game!
76561197966517661,Recommended,282210,14861335,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,shadow80fs,for the price its fun
,Recommended,282210,14862602,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,alberic81,"First let me put your mind expectation on the right track..This game only cost $10 (at least from my currency to USD) Price might differ from region to region. Anyway from the Game price.. you will know its not a Super Expensive Triple ""A"" game that cost around $60 and Above. So the Game experience is what you get from a $10 game.. nothing more nothing less =). Even thou it have a Sid Meier's name on it.. it still a $10 game. So put your Expectation in $10 range hahaSo is it a good $10 Game?Yes! The game is worth it. Its a fun game.. more of a casual stratergy game. I myself finish a Game in 3 Hours on Normal difficulty. There is some replayable value to it as well. You have the 3 faction.. Harmony, Supremacy and Purity. Each faction have a different ability and Each faction have 8 hero with different Hero skill. Not bad for a $10 game =)Pros:* Fun tactical game. Simple but engaging enough. You want to be stealth shot from a far.. or.. you want to be a Tanker close up and personal. All up to you =)* Simple and Great Ship customization. The ship will reflect your build.. Add armor for more HP.. your ship will look buffy and Tanky* Simplicity done right. It does not feel overwhelming. Simple yet engaging* Price.. its a $10 game with tons of fun =)* lots of Mission.. There's variety of missions for you to do.. you won't get bored until a few replays =)Cons:* No Multiplayer thou.. but for me its optional..* You basically play with only One Fleet.. kinda limit your stratergy. I wish we have more =)* Some bugs as usual. but i bet it will be Fix soon enough"
76561198049500410,Recommended,282210,14866870,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,elfraiders,"look do you want to much from a game,  "" like sports we want to see home runs from the heavy hitters....""this is a good ship to ship game that simple,,,   you see the name sid and want another civ game.this is not another civ game,   but a detailed ship to ship game.. it is good for the money and if youwant to say you beat  ""kobayashi maru""   at star fleet   ""star trek""    you got it...thanks for reading this.."
76561197999005229,Recommended,282210,14862132,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sevin Church,"Despite what others have said this game is great. Why they link it to Pirates is unknown to me, it is more like Civ meets Air Patrol. The civ part requires very little management and the fleet system is so much fun to customize. By customize I don't mean the look of the ships, rather how tough, fast, how many hangars, etc. And if you want to reduce points you spent from say stealth to engine, you can in no time flat.It does lack fullscreen mode at this point. But I've played worse games in fullscreen and some awesome games in windowed mode. I'd like to see it added, but I am not gonna whine and say it ruins the whole game. That's extremely petty when the game has much to offer to keep you busy.I think some folks are getting a bad impression of this game because of the lack of micro-management. To me that gets you in to the action that much faster, which is the point of this game. I've already spent hours conquering the galaxy. The maps aren't very huge, in this type of game they don't need to be. You don't have to exhaust yourself building 40 structures from the ground up like you do in Civ, that's a major plus for me. Although I love Civ, I didn't need another one so soon.For the current cost of the game, it is great. It can use some polish, what game can't use some 5 years after it's launched?Update: I expected to get some down votes, can't expect children to understand simple logic with out getting their panties in a bunch I guess. Bottom line, the game is worth the money, don't expect to be wow'ed. It's a simple game, lots of fun."
,Recommended,282210,14864173,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,covovking,"Do you guys like 4x space strategies and roguelike games? If so, then buy it, set the difficulty to 3-4 and enjoy! =) The ships don't die though. Otherwise... If it is galciv from sid you expect, then do not buy this game. If you want to play something that is at the same time 4x-ish, casual and yet may be challenging, then this game is for you.No multiplayer is a huge flaw in my opinion.I play a mac version, no crashes so far.I do recommend this game, but not for the ones who seek a great global 4x strategy."
,Recommended,282210,14863970,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Richard Brown,"Very good game, i have allways liked 4X games, not much gameplay but when update start to come, and DLCwill be very nice to play"
,Recommended,282210,14864654,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,davidaredding,Great game;  Basically a spaceship based board game that can be played in a couple of hours.
,Recommended,282210,14859352,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ChineseCowBaby,"I really like this game. It has a few aspects of Galactic Conquest from Star Wars: Battlefront that I really like, plus the ability to use your Civ:BE saves for your characters is pretty cool. Not really like Civ: V or Civ: BE, but I don't think it was intended to be like that."
76561198025840779,Recommended,282210,14859912,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,MandatoryHashTags,"I spent a few hours playing this today. I have not played Beyond Earth. I've enjoyed the game so far.What it is:A $15.00 space title, with tactical combat, decent graphics, and some compelling aspects.Ship customization (modular)Tech TreeLightweight turn based systemLow maintenance.This is a great game to play on your ipad or machine when you have a couple of hours to burn and want to unwind after work. It is not a Civ game and will not have that level of cmplexity. I think it has potential to be very moddable if they make that an option.Now with that said there are some things people need to know:The tech tree is very imited and has no appreciable effect outside of combatThe game centers around space combat and gathering territoryYou can only have 8 ships and they always travel as a groupIt can feel a little rinse and repeat in the late game on Epic stick to shorter gamesNone of those things surprise me this is not a $50.00 game. What it does not have is any bugs I have found, it performs perfectly, and I have had fun playing it. I like space games, I like to unwind, I do not like to feel like I am managing an empire when I get off work during the week. This is exactly what I expected when I bought it, I watched a lot of game play videos from the creators before buying.I suggest if you like science fiction and want something to play thats simple and fun. Give it a try, watch a few videos first if you are unsure.If however, you are expecting the next Orions, Civ in Space, Galactic Civ or what have you then you will be dissapointed. It plays like a lightweight X-Com in space. This would not be a game for you.Hope this helps!"
,Recommended,282210,14857431,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Digital Aristocrat,"Pirates! For space. Its a fun game, and those that do not enjoy it for what it is should play another game. Judge a game on its merits, and not your expectations."
,Recommended,282210,14860095,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Tryford,"I needed a strategy/tactical game that consumes less time than, say, Civilization ;-)EDIT: I just notice that a lot of people was expecting a Sid Meier's Civilization game in buying this. I was expecting Sid Meier's Pirates! in space. It's neither (but still closer to Pirates!). You could image this game being a complicated Risk game where you play a little game of Chess to resolves the battles."
76561197999391268,Recommended,282210,14859357,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Captain Marvel,"The game delivers on everything it promises for 15$ from a AAA studio. It never calimed to be a new Civ, but it is a fun, small time tactics space ship game."
,Recommended,282210,14859252,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,IntensePorpoise,"I am now entering more narrow passages than ever. Enjoyed the game, the graphics aren't fancy but for the price I can expect them to go all out on something like that."
,Recommended,282210,14857478,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Kinjiru,"I honestly don't understand the negative reviews. It's almost as if people are angry that the game doesn't play like a $60 game when it's not a $60 game. It's $15. The game is fun, but simple. Does it belong on tablets and such? Yeah, I'd say so. It reminds me a bit of the Plague Evolved/etc games, where there are mobile and PC versions and they all play just fine, they're fun, but everyone understands you aren't going to make it your life's mission to master it. All that said, this game could really benefit from modding capabilities to take it to the next level.If you can accept this is a game at a quarter of the price of a normal Civ game and thus will have less complex and detailed content, then buy it. If you are looking for Civ 6, this is not the place to look."
76561198047275534,Recommended,282210,14858123,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,joeksrus,"Perfect, game play is smooth, graphics are nice, remember its $15. The  game plays nice and the space battles are interesting with the way they are set up. Diplomacy is easy and smooth. Been playing a while now and see no problems with this game. It is not super complex, well duh its a $15 game. You can custom build your ships, build advancements on the planets, adjust the way the game is played. I think this is a nice addition. I can not wait to see what all unlocks on both games. :-)"
76561198084042892,Recommended,282210,14858301,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Singles,"Honestly don't iisten to the bad reviews. I love this game. Yes, it's really simple, and sure there are a few bugs. I think the game has a lot of promise and it's a fun game to play. Will I be able to get 200 hours in it in its current build? Probably not, but hey, I'm hopeful. It is a really fun game, would reccommend definitely."
76561198172223267,Recommended,282210,14858487,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,phycoou812,At first glance the game is fun and it will give you a good length of gameplay. Although the game is fun it is rather short from my experiences the map fair sized and gameplay is simple but fun. however i do not believe it is worth the amount i paid. the win cenarios are a tad too easy so if you want a long run it may not happen due to simple amount of wonders or territory it takes to win. but i will continue to play it and be happy with my purchase becouse it comes down to the bottom line that i am having fun with the game
,Recommended,282210,14854012,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Quold,"At the beginning you see it and say, this is crap, but once you get in and play, you see the movement of ships, combat, quests, it's great, I love it.I wanted to play a game of this type Sid.They have to implement it with the Beyon and be able to space and ground movementsIf they added to Beyon, may be, one of the best strategy games in the worldOtherwise, we bought a game of 600MB for 15 €.For now I like it, I'll give it a try and still enjoy"
76561198315220639,Not Recommended,282210,33763339,Posted: 24 July,all,phillipgent,this game has a total fail in the way that it doesn't start
,Recommended,282210,14854253,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Nemeth782,"A small, simple 4x game. Very accessible, and quite fun.Has a few things that need fixing, e.g. no true fullscreen option, no graphics settings. But it's actually a good game, just without the depth of more developed 4x games such as Endless Space or Beyond Earth.This however, is reflected in the price, it's not a £29.99 game but a £10.99 game."
,Recommended,282210,14855217,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ElevenAce,If you like space and ship battles then I would recommend this game. For the price and smoothness of the system I feel its a good deal. I only got about 2 hrs in the game but it seems straight forward. And heads up it seems like spamming fighters is the way to go!
,Not Recommended,282210,14853679,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,razgon,"Yeah, no.Don't get this - it doesn't even have an ""Exit"" option on the main menu, clearly showing it was made for Ipad, and not for PC. It cant go fullscreen either.Simple, and not really fun."
,Recommended,282210,14861259,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ada_Black,Like civilzation revolution in space! Didn't like thta game? Don't buy. I love it. ^_^
,Recommended,282210,14855549,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ToadStoned,"I can understand the negative reviews, it is rather quick and very limited game and some of the art resources are reused from Beyond Earth. All in all it is a rather neat game. I would like to see mod support and a crap load more resource art and ships added to the game."
76561198033070982,Recommended,282210,14855539,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Anung un Rama,"If you are expecting a massive 4x experience go buy Sword of the Stars. If however, you are looking for casual 4x game which extends Beyond Earth themes nicely - it is a game for you."
,Recommended,282210,14858091,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dunjeon,"Really a lot of fun, and a neast extension to Beyond Esrth. =)"
,Recommended,282210,14857746,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,johnhead59,Love it!!!
76561197972379729,Recommended,282210,14860606,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Dark Elf,"I want to start off by saying I gave this a good recomendation - but only just good.The game is fun - there's no doubting that; but there's something missing from the game.  It's too damn simple and the AI is ridiculous.  My first game was a test (didn't do the tutorial) and just started winging it.  I had no problem playing and the concept is easy to understand.Now my second game was kinda crazy.  I was a bit into it and suddely it's game over: the AI (I had only run into 2 of the AI players) won with a wonder victory.  No clue how it was over so fast... :(The graphics are great - the sound is fine - but there's something lacking and so far, I can't put my finger on it.  I really hope firaxis rebalances and puts more ... well, whatever it is that's missing that I can't just put my finger on... into it.The end result:  It's not civ v, it's not beyond earth.  It is fun, but it's just a lunch break game that you probably won't win most of the time (or so it seems)"
76561198030703993,Recommended,282210,14868202,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Crazy Raccoon,"It's a tiny game, but still worth the asking price. Surprising amount of fun, too.Unfortunately, it feels like it was made specifically for tablet play. That's cool and all, but I like the gameplay enough that I wish it were a bigger, more full-fledged experience."
76561198007896071,Recommended,282210,14855453,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Slater86,"After reading some of the other recent posts about this game I have edited my review:This game is for casual gamers not for veterans of Galactic Civs or Sword of the Stars are anything remotely on that level. I am a little disappointed that some gamers compare epic games (that cost 60 USD) to this 15 dollar offshoot of Beyound Earth. If you are looking for a an hour to kill this could be for you. If you are looking for 3 hours to get lost in go Mod a copy of Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion.One hour in and counting:Pros:15 USD excellent valueStarship customizationGraphics are solidMunition animationsGood Voice ActingIntelligent Diplomacy with aggressive AIPlanetary missions have a sense of urgency (if you wont help them a rival will and soon)Lots of detail without being overwhelmingVery Fluid Gameplay (not nearly as micromanaging as some 5x space strategy)Cons:Surprising hardware requirements (Less stable than Endless Space)Cannot Rename Planets or starships (There is a reason for this, planetary names are spoken aloud adding to voice acting quality)Limited scope compared to space strategy genreOverall: Excellent buy for 15 USD. Simple to enjoyable to those outside the genre. Detailed enough for regular strategy players. In summary: More than the sum of its parts"
,Recommended,282210,14860167,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SpaceBuddy,Fun game
,Recommended,282210,14857405,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,xS1lver N Black,"Not bad. Some game freezes at times but overall not a bad game. Fun building up the cities but this game is at a 10,000 foot level, not in the weeds like other Civ games that Sid Meiers has put out."
76561198039515085,Recommended,282210,14858209,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Caseycc,Fun but really really short. 20 minutes into the game you'll have seen everything there is to see.
76561198031556272,Recommended,282210,14858578,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ancalagon99,"The game is simple, don't expect anything like civ, but i found it entertaining. It does have some strange errors, but I think it has something to do with the fact that it is made for many platforms and they have forgotten to focus on each of them. As the game is now, it feels more like a game for tablet in design. For eksample: there is no exit option, I simply think they forgot it. There is only borderless window for fullscreen, you can always see you desktop info bar. Theese things a sloppy design, but forgiveable.There could have been a better tutorial. The one in the game is more or less worthless, but when you figure it out, it is pretty straightforward. I think we will see some patches comming pretty soon.I like the game, and unlike many civ games it is over pretty fast. Some may like it (I actually do and i'm a big fan of the civ games) It is something you can do, when you have some time to spare. It has that boardgame / casual game feeling to it.It feels like they wanted it to be a DLC for ""Beyond Earth"" and decided, that it would not work. If that was the original plan, then I think it was a good idea to make it a standalone game."
,Recommended,282210,14854008,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,The CNpaddington,"A great albeit simple game that ties in well with Civ:BE. There is still room for improvement though. Don't buy it expecting something like Civ, it's more like Pirates! than Civ."
,Recommended,282210,14854507,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,donald23,"Lovely little game to spend some time in between other tasks. Just sink your time in between dinner and your favourite movie, or if you're playing sequential turn MP in Civ5 or BE, launch this to play on the side."
,Recommended,282210,14854720,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,yoh_asakura_1,"The game i feel is good, specially if you have followed it with ""Beyond Earth"".Its fast paced, and allows you to create you'r childhood dreams, in the form of a interchangeable space fleet.Although, even on easy its quite easy for the A.I. to win the game if you cannot keep up with the game and the tutorial is mearly a ""screenshot"" of 4 different things on 1 page.Other then that, the elements of stratagy that iv seen through out the civilization franchise is there and its hitting you harder then last time for a more challenging atmosphere."
76561198023925023,Not Recommended,282210,14854623,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Keyki,It's to bugy and too casual
,Recommended,282210,14854746,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,RUNDOWNMONKEY,A good waste of time for a 10er but clearly made for tablets. Pros its quick to play unlike the vast majority of sid meiers games so suits quick sort games. It is far easyer to learn than other Sid Meier games which is both a good and a bad thing as with it comes a lack of really complex gameplay that people enjoy but at the same time people put of by complex gameplay might enjoy the simpler gameplay. Cons not much mileage interms of replayability in comparison to other Sid Meier games but at the same time its much less expencive at launch. The con that may kill this game on PC is the lack of multiplayer without it this game may just die off.Verdict decint spinoff but lack of multiplayer kills it.Buy in sale if you wanna kill a few hours.
,Recommended,282210,14854773,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,jeffpierce9,"This game does not have as epic of a scope as the main CIV games do, but its still a very fun game to play.  Its very simple and it took only a couple turns into it before I could get all of the mechanics.  The game goes by quick, but if you like strategic combat, this game does pretty well.Everytime you build a ship, you start with the same template, but the amount of customization you can put into it can lead you to some really interesting tactics in space battles.If you were hoping for a 4x with a lot of empire managment, dont get this game.  The game revolves almost solely on space battles.  But if you love intense strategic turn-based combat, you will enjoy it.The only real things I would change about the game is:1) Allow fullscreen. (You can maximize the window, but that doesnt really count)2) Subtract $5 from the price.Despite these two things, its worth trying out if you dont mind spending $15 on it.  Just dont expect to be spending hours on it in one sitting."
,Recommended,282210,14855268,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Komplex,"Just finished my first game, and I have to tell you I'm liking it!Feels like a casual 4x with heavy tactical elements.  All in all:-If you like causal tactical games GET IT-If you are looking for a casual 4X GET IT-If you're looking for crazy X-COM tactical depth SKIP IT-If you're looking for a real 4x SKIP ITThough it definitely needs some tweeting. The AI is insanely easy to defeat (on moderate level). I found myself making carriers, as the fighters are just OP throw away units. If you lose one it doesn't count as damage to your ship, and costs you nothing."
76561198032210434,Recommended,282210,14861264,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,eotwdave,"Starships is simply brilliant.  The game is tightly focused on the tactical missions, which is the whole point. The strategic layer is intentionally light to keep most of the playtime in the battles, where it belongs.The missions and ship configurations are varied enough to keep the game interesting through many iterations.Starships is short.  A standard map game can be finished in a few hours, even a huge map game will take a tiny fraction of the time needed to play Civilization. Short is good. I love Civilization, but I can count one hand the number of games of Civ5 I've actually been able to finish in the last two years. And more often than not  Civilization ends with a grinding game of attrition or acumulation of culture points that is simply not that much fun. The strategic game in Starships does a good job of avoiding this kind of slog. The action in Starships builds steadily throughout the game until a satisfying climax in a decisive big fleet battle (at least in my games so far.)There is no multiplayer. This is also a good thing. If you really want a multiplayer online TBS game with both a strategic/political level and a tactical battleboard, then IMHO you really, really have way to much time on your hands and need to get a life.I strongly recommend Starships.I do have two minor quibbles.First, players cannot rename their ships (or I haven't yet figured out how.)Second, the game could use an empire management screen/table to make it easier to find and develop your planets on the larger maps."
,Recommended,282210,14854727,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,kwyee,"I like the concept. It's a simple, bit-sized game that can be finished in a couple hours.My main gripe is that the game seems unbalanced. Taking a capital converts that entire civ to your side, so big swings are inevitable. It's also pretty easy to spam fighters and destroyers, which makes combat a cakewalk. Speed runs should be interesting :)Overall, fun but I'd like to see what they do with a couple of patches."
,Recommended,282210,14855574,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ragnarius,"This games is suprisingly good, after what Beyond Eearth looked like i was a bit sceptical about this title but, im realy happy my doubts are false in this case. If you enyoy space combat strategy games this one is definetly a worth having."
76561198003565059,Recommended,282210,14855405,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,chriscalvat,my first impression of the game is that it's very fun and I enjoyed playing it.it's no sword of the stars since it lacks the customization but the turn based battles have quite a depth of strategy to them based on how you upgarde your ships and the tech you have invested in and how you make use of the map the battle takes place in it's selfit is very evident that the game was desgined with a moblie platform in mind but being able to control everything with only the mouse is not really a bad thing takes a bit of getting used too but thanks to the mouse your able to navigate round the interface easily with out the need of pressing anything else
76561198066637100,Recommended,282210,14855315,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,doerrbb,"I like the game it's just not stable yet, it's crashed twiced in 10 minutes."
76561198004413401,Not Recommended,282210,24594912,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[HN],Mediocre game made for tablet.
,Recommended,282210,14860970,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,enderbeta,The strategic battles are fun and the mechanics of the game are quick to pick up and enjoyable. The game runs well on my 2012 Mac Mini Core i7 2.3GHz. The one thing that bugs me is the game ends when I end. I would like to be able to keep playing like I can in civilization.
76561198011239517,Recommended,282210,14854922,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,-A- Coiledvipers,Game is really worth the 15 US dollars game is not that bad tbh.  I think it should of been a DLC for BE but oh well game is good AI is goofy at time.
76561197970571810,Recommended,282210,14855027,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ExHippy,"It's a little basic and odd to get used to at first but if you put a some effort into it you'll find it's actually quite fun. Is it worth £11? Hard to say. If you're looking for a deep strategy game then you'll be disapointed, if you're looking for a simple time killer similar in depth to Desktop Dungeons then then this is a winner.Sid Meier's name gets put against many games - this is definitely more on the Pirates! side than the Civilization series."
76561198049107762,Not Recommended,282210,31865525,Posted: 20 May,all,Snakehawk,Garbage
76561198110652820,Not Recommended,282210,28999830,Posted: 4 January,all,jdcp1592,its very easy
,Not Recommended,282210,31168926,Posted: 15 April,all,Kylo Shen,One of my biggest regrets is buying this trash. 10/10
,Recommended,282210,14854254,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Almighty Duck,"Some awesome, small tactical battles worth £11 i spent already had loads of fun, looking forward to playing on impossible!"
,Not Recommended,282210,14854241,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Cyclonic,played less than an hour and the game finished?  wtf?  since when did they make games end in less than an hour?  this is not civs
76561198053938847,Not Recommended,282210,14854581,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Boub1t$a,This game is the worst way to spend 15euros...!
,Recommended,282210,14854756,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,4Poc | razazeal,Played for just under an hour then the game told me to stop playing.  I was really enjoying the simplified nature of the game and building my space fleet.  But suddenly as I was about to blow a pirate ship into dust the game just crashed to desktop.   I should have been angry but I decided it's a Firaxis game and it\ll be fixed eventually.Pros...1.  SPACESHIPS2.  SPACE BATTLES3.  Simple to play.Cons...1.  The Game kicked me off.2.  No one could hear me scream in space.
76561198008874145,Recommended,282210,14855509,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Goliath,"Good: Many different scenarios, high replay value, good guests, many ways to win. I love shis game and I recommend bying this. My given points 5/5"
76561198070506457,Not Recommended,282210,14853526,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,solid,"i really wait this game to play. but disappoint me so much. first of all. i cant play game. it is not opening healty. no fullscreen or screen calibration option. game is crashing every time, sorry sid you massed up. you will lose so much fan this time... i hope you and your team try to change something right.dont buy this game. its not working. its worth than beta...."
76561197990532331,Not Recommended,282210,14853562,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,KWAiRT,- No fullscreen- No resolution settings- Framerate capped at 30FPS yet it does run 60FPS in the menus.- No tutorial- Custom win conditions only valid for player- Very lite on content- Tooltips?+ Looks ok+ Nice artwork+ StarshipsYou would be better off buying this on your tablet in it's current state but even then I can't recommend it.UPDATE: Fullscreen Borderless does work when hiding the taskbar but only in default desktop mode. Classic will not be borderless.Still not worth the price. Wait for a sale and grab it for at least 50% off. Not much to see here at all really. If only it had been a full blown Civilization Starships 4X starting off where Beyond Earth ends. You could pickup Endless Space for around the same price or even less and have a much bigger more complete epic tbs 4x instead of this tablet crap. The cross game connection is so lame I regret the changes by Firaxis as I have to look a a giant 2K button on the main menu of Beyond Earth.So not impressed with Firaxis right now... I'm ashamed I actually pre-ordered this game. I thought it would be much much better even if it was lite on content. Last game I pre-order with Sids name on it. If you want to release shovelware so be it. I know he has some pull at Firaxis but come on this game is just not that good.
,Not Recommended,282210,14853447,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Tecak,недоделана. убога.
,Not Recommended,282210,14853445,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,[GS] mov,Nope.-- Below 13. March. 2015 Addition --Someone asked to have more comments and I deleted his comment and I'll add little bit more information about Why I said NOPE?Nope because of:- So tiny text that my eyes hurt- Feels very cheap and unfinished b/c-grade product- Doesn't run smoothly on latest hardware
,Not Recommended,282210,14853694,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Хром х715х,Give me my money back
76561198006209752,Not Recommended,282210,18000109,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Edqp,Too much hype for a terrible game
,Recommended,282210,18037013,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Zillaxwafer,"Overall, the game itself is not bad. A lot of people, however, seem to be upset that unlocking achievements in it gives you extra content in Beyond Earth (and vice-versa).To those people: You do realize that the game's price is about equivalent to what DLC of equivalent ""value"" by current trends would have been, right? Look at it this way, you now get that DLC, and a decent mini-game to go with it when you get Starships."
76561198043314000,Recommended,282210,17856886,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,gul_duaach,"This is a great step the first decemt space-based combat simulator since Masters of orion. No one else has been able to come up with anything other than automated combat and combat cards. The game play is fairly weak, but totaly worth it for the combat simulator. Sid meier and the creator of Galactic Civilazation need to get together then they might have something."
,Not Recommended,282210,17820055,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dan Atkinson,"If you love Sid Meier's games, I thoroughly recommend that youdo notbuy this. The game is far too simple for my liking and feels more like a turn-based strategy made for a console."
,Not Recommended,282210,17852806,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Stray Cat,"Were this a game for the IPad, it'd be lovely.Were this a game made by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gold-sucking German browser game company, it'd be okay.But this is Firaxis. It's Sid Meier, putting his name on this game.It's supposed to be a sequel to Beyond Earth -which, despite all the flak it got, is a good game-.And it's♥♥♥♥♥♥Replay value is close to zero, connections to Beyond Earth are minimal, the difference in the ships (according to what path you choose) is merely aesthetic, and even then, there's only one class of ships, and you can't EVEN name your bloody ships. A good Beyond Earth game lasts 10 hours. This lasts at most one. And at the end of it, you're even disappointed.It's too easyIt's too shallowIt's too casual.Sid Meier lost his bloody mind on this one. Get it, sure. I'm not saying it's not a funny little game, but it's a LITTLE game, not worth the money it asks for."
,Not Recommended,282210,17935186,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Wrathzog,"So I sat in on a Panel for Starships before it came out and they showed off some of the game and Sir Meier was there and he was like, ""Yo, a couple of the dudes at the company made this in their spare time and I liked it so much that I'm producing it.""And that's actually the most accurate way I can think to describe this.  The game has a lot of promise but lacks the usual polish that a Sid Meier game would have.I'd rate this game at $5-7."
,Not Recommended,282210,17971601,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,tomomog,"This game isn't bad, it's just half-cooked - at least that's my opinion. Lacking a decent tutorial my first attempts were a little confusing, but the game itself is rather easy to play. It's basically: buy plants, cities and improvements - upgrade your ships with money and through science - attack and help other planets. Rinse and repeat! That's the whole game. I miss a lot of depth of this game and honestly, a little more gameplay and diversity.Another thing that bugs me are the missing options - whether it is an option to change game settings, graphic settings or even key bin certain actions. The options menu consists of some audio sliders and a full-screen option. That's it.I would really love to recommend this game as I like the actual concept and look, but it's missing a lot of depth and probably not really worth your money."
76561197969911882,Not Recommended,282210,18301032,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ichthyroid,"Game seems unfinished. Interface is tiny at higher resolutions. Ship ""customizability"" is a joke. There's no incentive to specialize the ships.  Ships routes don't bother to avoid the wormholes, so if you try to move a ship towards the enemy it might fall into a hole and warp across the map. System descriptions don't always list the bonuses from the galaxy screen (things like +50 science). If you have wonders in the system and such, it seems to truncate some of that. You have to go into the ""build a city"" screen which substitutes as a detail view of the system.Not fun. Lots of basic UX problems. Lots of gameplay issues."
76561198042153223,Recommended,282210,18301538,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheRealMarklar,If you like the other Civ games this is a fun extension. But it has some strange quirks and is not that complex for the space strategy genre. Still fun though.
,Not Recommended,282210,18107593,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Tino Didriksen,Such a shallow game. Tech upgrades are boring static bonuses. Might be good on tablets - isn't worth it on PC.
76561197986990575,Recommended,282210,18165679,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Wado Kai,"Starships starts out relatively fun - you can work your way up through the difficulty chain and the map size while trying out different factions and characters. However, after about 2 hours of play the game becomes extremely repetitive. I have played multiple missions at the highest difficulty with the largest map size and always win - gameplay just becomes a grind, really. I find that torpedoes are the weapon of choice, especially when combined with the wonder that allows 2 actions per turn and the wonder that cloaks torps.Graphics are simple but clean. Sound is good for what it is. The in-game movies for certain events (like firing torps) gets old because it wastes time. The game is very stable - has not crashed at all.The real problem with the game is as I stated in the first paragraph - it is an easy game. It is also simple (not complex), which is a good thing, but the ease of the game means that there is no real replay value. All your games will pretty much be the same, and therefore become more of a grind than a fun experience.Rating 7/10 (8/10 initially, 4/10 later on)"
76561198041156939,Recommended,282210,18109970,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Travis,Nice and simple short game.
,Recommended,282210,17705012,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Aduh,I conquer the map over and over so I can get full card drops from this game.
76561198053408876,Not Recommended,282210,17678268,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,emcnally,"I enjoy the simplicity and focus of this game, it's not exactly lacking unless you are comparing it to a more complex game such a Civ V.The biggest problem with the game is that large battles bog down in micro-management and protracted animations.  I tend to go do something else while waiting for the computer to move.The game needs a setting to disable battle annimations and hurry things up.  After playing 4 or 5 games, I'm done and simply tired of the tedium of watching the computer move.  After the novelty wears off, gameplay itself is a chore."
,Recommended,282210,17680018,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Von Overkill,"Starships is not a 4X game; it has 4X elements, but is more closely aligned with short-form space adventure games like Out There or FTL. If you enjoyed Sid Meier's other little side-projects (Railroads!, Gettysburg!, Pirates!, etc), you'll be very comfortable with Starships."
76561198253577623,Not Recommended,282210,21543024,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,bookwormforever,"I'm sorry to say, this has to be the absolute WORST of all Sid Meier games I have ever played. I love some of their other games, and the intro looked promising, but once you actually start trying to play it goes down hill and does not get any better."
,Recommended,282210,21476795,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ManicWun,"Great to pass a few hours but the price is a little steap for what you get, I'd wait until it goes in the sale."
76561198037617395,Recommended,282210,21503354,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,steg2000,"Overall I enjoy the game quite a bit, but it is certainly lacking in a few categories.  Its basically two completely separate games in one: one world map in which you navigate to different worlds and choose to enter the battles, then the battle map where you spend about 80-90% of the game in spaceship combat against pirates, marauders, and your enemy empires when you inevitably go to war with them.All in all, it is a simple game that may not be terribly fulfilling, but is entertaining and relatively quick compared to other Sid Meiers installments.My biggest complaint is the bugged diplomacy system.  Diplomacy basically consists of ""Hello, let's leave each other alone...Oh, I'm attacking you now.  Now we are at war permanently.""This is OK with me, except the AI players can form these BS alliances.  It actually merges the two empires into one.  Since the easiest victory objective of the game is to control 50% of the population of the map, this completely turns the tide of the game.  I was just playing a very pleasent game when, suddenly and with no warning, All 5 opposing empires allied on one turn, easily giving them the required population to abruptly end my game.  I restarted a few actions before that to see if a slighly different action would change the trigger, but NOPE, they all banner under the strongest AI player and that is the end of the game.  Nothing to do about it, except perhaps operate a weak, crappy empire to not threaten them in the first place.  The AI players didn't even like each other!"
76561198045638421,Recommended,282210,21563812,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,jrpayton,Very simple game.  Good choice if you just want to kill a little time and relax your brain.  If you want a challenge this game probably isn't what you are looking for.
76561198056205270,Recommended,282210,21803710,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,matthewgssg,Good game. Replay is nice if you just want to play a quick 20 min game.
76561198030728498,Recommended,282210,22049851,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,tax1913,"I bought Sid Meier's Starship on 3-9-2015 for 14.99 USD.  I have played it for almost 40 hours since 3-9-2015 & I have definitely received my money's worth,  I have absolutely no regrets for buying and playing this game.  It is a great light game to play when I do not want to invest a great number of hours into playing one game (for example, one game as the United Federation which I won a Wonder victory by building 9 wonders on 3-24-2016 & 3-25-2016 with about 5 hours) from start to finish.  It is nice to know that I do not need 10 or more hours to complete a full game.   However, in my considered opinion, if the game could be made into multi-player, then it would be very popular and would sell itself for a great number of licences.  If the multi-player proposed option could be done through the 2k account login which already exists and links this game with Civilization Beyond Earth, then it would even work better."
76561198020703018,Not Recommended,282210,21938649,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,-NWG- Blue Jester,"Just garbage, no playability and bad overall gameplay, nothing better then a facebook app game."
,Recommended,282210,22000739,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,martin.spamer,"Fun game, quite immersive, however needs more depth, mission variety, additional multiple fleets and bit too pacey."
76561197965396869,Recommended,282210,21866308,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Macdallan,"Recommended only if you know what you're buying, folks.  This is a very, very basic game.  Some of the mechanics don't make much sense - like you can lose a battle but magically all your ships are back to normal right after - but you can win and they get, and stay, damaged for a while.  It's kind of fun, for a bit, but I got really bored really quick.  Do some research, know what you're getting.Recommended - as mentioned above... but just barely above a no."
76561198004280060,Not Recommended,282210,21940578,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Freya of Cerberus,"What is this? When i heard that there was going to be Sid Meier's game on the interplantery level i was stoked. Unlike many people i actually liked Civ: BE particularly since the rising tide pack came out. One of my dream games is to have a Civ type game where you go seemlessly from Stonehenge to the stars. I thought that this game might be it.I couldn't have been more wrong.This is a cheap, last second knocked together insult to the proud Sid Meier name. I've played $5 early access games that are better designed and more interesting than this.I could go on but here it short and sweet.This isn't a civ game. This is a mobile game trying to leech money off the Sid Meier name.Boring, repetative and pointless.Don't buy it."
76561198145967105,Recommended,282210,22011632,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,rodawg931,"This is a nice game. A great one for those who like to do a quick one, when the ""Quick"" game pace isn't fast enough. Simple yet elegant. For such a game, 8/10.I have a suggestion for a new game. Maybe call it ""Alpha to Omega"" or something. Extremely long paced, and very in depth. You start at the beginning as usual, say 6000 BC. You establish sets of a small group of people, and start with a basic town. The leaders, workers, and such are chosen by you (loosely). When you say so, a group of scouts is sent to explore the rest of the world. As you grow, more in-depth technologies, concepts,  and ideas are thrown in. There could be a government run business, build housing, stores and such. Afterwards, the game goes into a mode similar to BEYOND EARTH, and your civ decides to settle a new planet, whether out of prosperity and a want to expand, or a chance to start a new life from Great Mistakes. Some of the planets you choose may be inhabited, some may have lower intelligence life forms, and some may have a mix of lower and higher intellignece life forms. The higher ones are actual alien civilizations, true NPCs. The planet may have one alien NPC civ, or multiple ones with their own culture. After that, you expand further, have interplanetary wars, alliances, and maybe even go across the galaxy. Some civs may even ""absorb"" each other into one bigger civ. The chance of having one civ from one planet in the corner of a galxay rule about 100 different galxies is there, just near impossible. I challenge you to design such a game."
76561198008037971,Not Recommended,282210,22403074,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,optimusprime81,"Its a quite simple and quite fast game. It doesnt run like civ. Tech tree is simple, upgrades in cities are simple, ship upgrades as well. its ok to play about 4 hours for a medium wordl map on easy difficulty.. then its done and your glad it only was about 15 dollars.. I would rate it with 3 stars of five or somithing like 60-70 %            if you still know ASCENDANCY... ascendancy is like Myth compared to this..    Sid Meiers Pirates was much more fun than sid meiers starship.."
76561198031996604,Not Recommended,282210,20906199,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Beltavier,"I'll admit I only got this game as it was heavily discounted and so was Beyond Earth.I would say the grahics look ok and I like the idea of how the game works, a bit more Heroes of Might and Magic style....but thats it, I cant give you an opinion on the actual gameplay as it keeps crashing on me whenever i try to do something."
,Not Recommended,282210,20898030,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,sentry_sez:meow!,"Don't bother if you have a high resolution monitor. I tried it on Surface pro 4 (2k Monitor) and i could barely read the UI. No options to adjust resolution or UI whatsowever. Sad, i really wanted to play."
76561198055946487,Not Recommended,282210,20904230,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,fheggel,"This is a mini-game. If you expect a big game then you will be disapointed. The depth of the game is redicilously low. There is so little to choose between and almost no options to customize your gaming experience. However as a mini-game for a tablet it would be perfect. On a PC it doesn't do very well and if you have a 4k monitor it's absolutely horrible. The font size doesn't scale up so it's so incredible tiny, the resolution is impossible to change as it runs in windowed mode and can't run full-screen. Heck, you even have to watch the windows taskbar at the bottom of the screen! Of course those things can be fixed manually by changing resolution outside of the game and setting the windows taskbar to auto hide, but those are just simple things that are very annoying and it makes you wonder what the devs was thinking... There's also bugs like trying to shoot a torpedo and then change ship while aiming then the aiming remains on and you can suddenly shoot a torpedo from a ship without torpedos.Diplomacy is a joke, I don't even know why they have the diplomacy screen, it's absolutely pointless. It's more like an intel screen where the enemies comes to you and tells you ""these are my planets, these are my forces. I have this much defence, this much armor, this much attack. That's it, bye now"". Why would an enemy reveal that?Sure, I could have voted Yes if I played the game on a tablet and only paid $2 for it, but not at this price point. It feels somewhat unfinished due to the above issues and it's absolutely not worth more than $2. Fix the issues and it's worth $4, add some depth and it's worth $8.The only thing I like about this game is the user interface and graphics, it's compelling but then you soon realize it's not much more than that."
76561198065419449,Not Recommended,282210,20884524,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,RobertoMoz,"Extremely boring. This is totally contrary to what a Sid Meier's game should be. ZERO depth. Avoid this game, not worth it."
76561198147949038,Recommended,282210,20926123,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,cakefaceman,"Great game, if you like civilizations BE then you'll love this game."
76561198048673835,Recommended,282210,20928118,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,camthalion101,Easy game to play. Will hold you interest for a few hours.
76561198039416792,Not Recommended,282210,20951518,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,alfredots,half rate and too easy
76561198214491821,Recommended,282210,20634868,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Caelin-McCloud,this is a good game for people who like the chalenge of diplomatic rpg.
,Not Recommended,282210,16568035,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Avalast,"The basic premise was okay, but unfortunately the game lacks complexity."
76561198086371644,Recommended,282210,16741592,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,akingpa,"8/10This is a fun game that I purchased this last Steam Summer Sale.  It's a definitively ""Sid Meier"" take on the Space 4x genre.The objective is to colonize 51% of the galaxy  before rival factions do.  Setting up cities and manufacturing on new planets, build Wonders to provide fleet bonuses, manage the size and capabilities of your fleet to optimize your battle strategy.  There is a diplomacy element, although it is greatly reduced from the SM's Civilization games.It's a fun distraction, easy  and fast save and planet management screens.  I bought on sale, I recommend anyone do so."
76561198060574396,Recommended,282210,16753247,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sergeant_Sundae,"It's a good game only because it has a lot of potential. Just like other Civ games they were bad until the first DLC hit so im not going to give up on this game yet, but that doesen't entirely make up for the fact that this game was completely shot out it was almost as if the game was just to further milk the BE franchise."
,Recommended,282210,16622309,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Boacha,"I enjoyed playing need to learn it better, over all good game!"
76561198042003546,Recommended,282210,16683191,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Robbie922004,"Full disclosure, I paid $2 for this.But sure, I'd recommend it. I feel like a lot of people went into this with the wrong idea of what it was. It's not a traditional Sid Meier game, it's a bite-sized version. You can easily bang out a game in two hours, compared to the 12+ you're going to be playing a game of Civ. It's singleplayer-only, which is unfortunate, but I can see how this game can't work in multiplayer so I can't really complain.Upgrading your ships is fun, and the combat mechanics are kind of a nice change of pace. It feels like Civ meets XCOM when it comes to combat, where you move your units around the map to battle it out in individual battles, rather than just battling on the map of the galaxy.Maybe not worth $15, but if you can grab it on sale, I'd say to go for it."
76561198053584392,Not Recommended,282210,16453096,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,nocroman,"You just don't get to play a full game, way too short. No settable gamewinning requirements"
,Recommended,282210,16459924,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SupremeAlphaMale,"Game is simple, somewhat fast paced, and very fun if you accept it for what it is.I wish there were better diplomacy options though.."
,Not Recommended,282210,15792732,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Spier,this game sucks the same thing hapens every time
76561198015850833,Recommended,282210,16180164,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Chasin,"I had seen videos of the game before I purchased it.  Quite happy with my first play through.  It's not a Civilization game at all.  It reminds me of playing XCOM.  Game seems to be geared towards playing on a Tablet, so keep that in mind about the simplicity of the game and that it doesn't detract from the fun it provides."
76561198019539162,Not Recommended,282210,16043067,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SgtZero,"I normally love everything Sid Meier's but this game is crap. Its a cake walk and bore at the normal difficultly level, step up to hard, suddenly its really hard. You have to defend your whole area with 1 fleet, which isnt so bad because you can hold on until your fleet shows up to the planet it is defending. The only way to win is through war. You'll never get a population victory or ""domination"" which should be one in the same. I won via population because if you take a home world, you get all there planets along with it if you win. That wouldnt have bothered me if 1 AI didnt take 2 home worlds in 1 turn and won the game 2 turns later via population.They say its a strategy game when the strategy is who ever has more ships and bigger and better armor and guns win.  The AI seems to have full power on their ships when I am spending everything I have just to keep up. The AI is taking 2 pirate planets a turn or fighting back and forth at war with another AI and always seem to have a fleet at full strength getting upgrades every turn. I guess to make sure the human player doesnt run the AI over like grass. If you are going to make the AI so resilient so you cant just out smart them ware them down and win real easy. Than dont set up a game where the AI can win with out even coming in contact with the human player and insta conquring half the map. It's just crap boring not challenging waste of money huge dis appointment impossible unbalanced game."
,Not Recommended,282210,16075444,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,BigNorthMxO,"If you are looking for a real space ship 4X game with deeper gameplay mechanics, you should look towards Endless space, Sins of a Solar Empire and/or Galactic Civilizations 2/3(3 just came out still good but has some glitches, but also worth it).Starships game play is really simple and dumbed down for me. Personally I got bored to fast, Had more fun with beyond earth then this after thought of a game, not sure they didn't go with the idea that was civilization 4 Final Frontier(mod/Scenarios that came with Civ4 Beyond the Sword Expansion pack)."
76561198189263078,Not Recommended,282210,15934296,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,mail2mg,"For this price it is too short, too small, too simple, almost no complexity. Feels like one of those better free-of-charge flash games."
,Not Recommended,282210,14981290,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,msibrava,"I really like this game... even apart from Beyond Earth. It's not super complex, but when I compare it to MoO2 which I tried to get into sometime long ago, I remember how frustrated I was with all the different options and confusing systems. Starships has a similar game play with a far better tactical experience (which is the focus of Starships) than MoO.(This is still the case, but I have recently switched to a negative review from a positive one.)I keep finding more and more glitches, and they have yet to work out the touch screen functionality. It works 75% of the time, but sometimes it scrolls at the same time I move so the end result is using up my movement to go to the wrong spot. Othertimes, I press an option and it treats my touch as pushing the same option twice. And if I switch to the mouse, there are some options, that it doesn't recognize my mouse clicks at all, but a single touch will register.The diplomatic interactions sometimes make little sense - I'm getting contacted by a planetary system, but one of the other federations are speaking on their behalf... I think that's how to interpret it."
76561198112457171,Not Recommended,282210,15579879,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,cripto136,works for 1 min the close's it self down very dispointed was looking forward to playing this
,Not Recommended,282210,15594400,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,chad,"Firaxis have sunken to a new low.  I used to auto-buy their games and this was an impulse buy as well.  There is very little interesting about this game.You only get one fleet so there is no scope for real strategy.  The auto-generated star systems and other content drain every bit of soul out of this game leaving it an empty, dissapointing husk.Probably the worst game Firaxis have ever made."
76561198018300959,Recommended,282210,15628695,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,rabbibrooks,"This is good GamesEach session is about 1-3 hoursThe space combat is fun, and straight forward."
76561198126623347,Recommended,282210,15819602,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,mrlcic,Excellent game
76561198030786148,Recommended,282210,15848727,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Chief,"Decent game, a bit grindy for my tastes."
76561197970882550,Not Recommended,282210,15673179,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Knowplay,"As an avid gamer and an older redneck, I have always found Sid Meier's games to be great for hours of entertainment in each gaming session. So, when given the chance to purchase Beyond Earth in a discounted bundle with Starships, I jumped at the chance. Sometimes, you really do get what you pay for.Let's start with overall appearance. Starships uses some rather simplistic graphics, but is more than adequate for the type of gameplay intended. There is nothing overly special graphically speaking. Personally, I find how the camera follows the player's shots to the point of impact in space battles to be the most exciting part of the game from a graphic standpoint. And, yes, just as many players have pointed out, the overall appearance of the game gives the impression of something you would normally find designed for iOS, Android, or a tablet.Now, to game setup and user friendliness. Game setup is extremely simplistic in that you have just the most basic of choices. Options are nothing more than if you prefer a windowed screen and game volume. Setting up an actual game, again, you have VERY limited choices which barely covers the basic criteria for what a turn based strategy game should consist of. Map size, number of opponents, affinity(your chosen race's galactic outlook), player's race/leader, and victory conditions. The last being a subject of what has become quite a heated debate in many forums across the Net, but more on that in a moment. Let's break each of the previously mentioned choices down.The choice of map sizes range from the typical small map to what the game considers gigantic. The choices are fairly accurate to the stated size with gigantic being just a tad bit smaller than the name would imply. Just your basic ""how big of a game do you want to play?""Choice of number of opponents is rather self explanatory with 4 being default.Then we come to affinity as well as the player's choice of leader as the two choices are rather intertwined. There are three choices for affinity: Supremacy, Harmony, and Purity. If you are unfamiliar with Beyond Earth, affinity can be simply summed up as how the player has decided to approach the progression and evolution of the human race. Supremacy embraces technology giving way to augmentations and upgrades of the human existence. Harmony denotes a desire to be a productive and well balanced race among many in the Universe. Purity is a choice to maintain the normal progression of the human race while embracing those qualities that make a human, well...human. In the game, you choose one of the three affinities then choose your leader from the given options. No matter which affinity you choose, the same leaders are available. And as you can guess, the choice of affinity/leader each has their own particular pros and cons.Now we come to aspect of gameplay that has caused so much ""ruckus"" in so many forums across the Net: victory conditions. To start, the choice of victory conditions seems simple enough with each being what you would typically find in any strategy game be it real-time or turn-based. Choices like Domination(controlling the majority of the known galaxy) to Science along with familiar choices like Time, Population, and so on. Are you asking yourself ""so what's the the big deal"" yet? As it turns out, the choice of victory conditions ONLY applies to the human player and not any of the A.I. players in the game. Each A.I. player chooses it's own victory terms from the given choices. Example: A human player may choose Domination to which the player is required to decisively rule the majority of the galaxy whereas the A.I. player may choose the Wonder victory conditions which requires the A.I. player to complete a certain number of wonders to attain victory. The human player is not made privy to the A.I. player's choice of victory conditions. Now you can start to understand why this type of gameplay has been the source of much aggravation for many players. A human player can choose a strategy that requires a long term outlook such as the tried-and-true ""build up, build up, and attack"" only to lose the game a few dozen turns in due to the A.I. player building a quick ten wonders. When asked as to why gameplay is like this, the developers stated they wished to add a challenge. Challenge or insurmountable source of aggravation? You be the judge.Finally, the overall impression of Starships. The game really seems to be nothing more than a ""dumbed down"" and cloned version of Galactic Empires with certain aspects of Sins of a Solar Empire incorporated in. And I must say, a rather bad clone at that. Starships has it's moments, but no portion of the game really stands out. Gameplay is entertaining only for a short time then becomes repetitive. Graphics and sound are less than what many would consider average. The only positive Starships has is it's rather easy to use and simple User Interface. Between the victory conditions ""glitch"" and numerous reported bugs that seem to cause fatal crashes before gameplay even begins, Starships seems destined to boldly go where no game has gone before: making a negative stain on the otherwise legendary career of Sid Meier.Score:Using a 0 to 5 scoring system, I give this game 1.5.Wait for Starships to become a rather heavily discounted game before purchasing. And even then, don't part with more than $5 plus be ready for only a moment's entertainment."
76561198047415875,Not Recommended,282210,15479802,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,aligunal,"Can not play it, crashes after a few clicks.Waste of money, at least for me."
,Not Recommended,282210,15657709,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,manvivicc,"After playing Starships a few times, I just cannot win.So, I ask how do I win before the AI wins?"
,Not Recommended,282210,15659678,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,john is bored,short but midely entertaning before it finishes to short no follow through after a bit bored 1 hr finished 5 diffrent galazy modes
,Not Recommended,282210,15650511,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,kleznbeni,"i really looked forward to this title, but i found the game a bit too repetitive and lacking depth."
76561197962835187,Not Recommended,282210,15638539,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Lord Sabre,"Well that was definitely not worth the money. I finished 1 game and see no reason to play it again. The tech tree and ship customization is pretty shallow. The planets are even less interesting. I like the battles, as it feels different from anything else. Torpedoes are a lot of fun to use. And yeah thats it, there is not much else to talk about...I feel like the effort put into making this game was minimal. For $5 it might have been worth it."
76561198052344921,Not Recommended,282210,15518935,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,slchilds,Not Happy with victory conditions
76561198013574119,Not Recommended,282210,15519894,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,[WA] Rob,"Do no buy this game it will be 15$ you will never see again, even if you're a hardcore fan of the CiV's"
76561198030301900,Not Recommended,282210,14968361,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,leo,This game  has a good concept but its really got an issue with game play. The AI needs to be balanced more and the play happens very quickly a good example of this is the fact that it may take three turns to win a planet when the AI can do it in one. Also the game play is to quick in some cases and is not involved in depth like normal Civ. games that RTS. It has a good concept but it does need a major rebalance as far as starting levels and resources.
,Not Recommended,282210,14969307,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,twitch.tv/tehannihilaterer,"Pros: Nice, simple system.  The foundatinon of countless hours of fun.  The game features about as many features an alpha for a 4x game might have.Cons:  This once, once again, is only  the foundations of a truly amazing game.This game lacks hotkeys, an essential element for any tbs that one might take seriously.  The only settings avaiable are for windowed full screen and sound sliders.  Mindblowing intuitive design.Not.Even in this state, i could possibly enjoy it if it weren't so dull and repitive after only a few hours of playtime.  To add to this shortcoming, I have found anyway to skip animations.I honestly don't think I need to go any further than that honestly.  Firaxis has made yet another product that hadly makes any effort to respect your time.  If you want to play a similar hex based space tbs, just look for some flash games floaring around the web.  They are far more complete than this.Sid, if they are going to put your name on it, make sure its worthy of it."
76561198042072548,Not Recommended,282210,14970812,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Drunk3n M0nkey,"Just a smaller, more compact, less in depth version of Sins of A Solar Empire.Starships is half the price, but less than half the value.If your looking for a quick sunday afternoon galaxy takeover, then its ok, if your looking for in depth, tech tree, fleet fueled combat, then get Sins. In this you only have one fleet, and rescources are gathered fom the planets you take over and develop. Combat is ok, but everything in this game is very 'lite'.The lack of a tutorial is not as bad as it seems, as its not that dfficult to get the hang of, but things could definitly be better explained. There is a help area, but this realy feels like one of those websites where you go to the 'contact us' page and they keep throwing FAQs infront of you before they will give you a number.There are also some decent bugs i.e. when you set a skirmish game to the winning condition of 'domination' (which you would think is enemy wipeout), but the enemy can win by building wonders.. despite there also being a 'wonder' mode.Sins is a complete game, bugs have been solved, its tried and true and has in depth gameplay.Get that and forget this exists."
76561197969469477,Not Recommended,282210,14972100,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Datramolwicked,If you want a space game thats easy to understand after using everything once here it is !! you can quite easliy master the game and ive only just brought it about 4 hours ago didnt take to long .. its a well designed space tacical game but theres only so much in it and well.... once you've played it once and claimed victory the next time is just easier to the point there isnt a challengethe game i feel is unblanaced to the point of you control a fleet and only the onecan have 8 curisers in a fleet which can be upgrade to the point of spending energy to increase its stats which in turn affect the display of the ship and its abilities to suit your needswether its a close range stealth ship with massive health and cannon damage or a ship that purley ♥♥♥♥♥ afar spawing as many fighter aircraft as you can or a mixed class ship which can do anything in the middle of battle but the 1 turn wil take this ship to being pointlessi perfer the long range torpedo ships when you have a wonder allowing you to attack twice a turn and have each ship with 2 torpedos or more thats 16 you launched at start and unfournately the computer doesnt seem to move out the way quick enough let alot if you have the wonder that increases the speed and range aswell its pretty much a game finisher without the need of ever getting close or in combati feel this game is good but maybe not as good as it could be most games take me 40 - 100 hours or more to feel like wow i know this game now but this game takes hour or 2 topsthere for i guess im going this a no recommend to my friends they could just borrow my laptop and play it in an hour and be done about it till there be another game to play :D
76561198033458619,Not Recommended,282210,14972468,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Leffebo,"I could see myself playing this on an Ipad when i'm on the loo. not on PC in windowed mode with lacking depth.Not a bad game mind you, this is just the wrong medium."
76561197984502512,Not Recommended,282210,14960396,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mastnosis,"I bought this game because it is labelled as having SteamOS support. However as of this writing there is still no download option for Linux or Mac. When I complained to Valve I ran into their ""No refunds, EVER!"" policy.I've played this game a few hours and if you are not dismayed by the exploding support forums with people complaining the game does not run then I will tell you that this game lacks depth. While I would consider it a *reasonable* Android game in that it has any depth at all, it falls down horribly for my expectations on the PC.I'd go into greater detail on how the combat system is lacking, but tbh, it is just not worth the effort.I know you will be like me and gamble anyway since it looks so promising and has good pedigree, but you will regret it later."
,Not Recommended,282210,14960667,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Ekael,"I really enjoyed Civ 5 and I even enjoyed Beyond Earth. I was hoping this would follow the Sid Meier's theme but I was horribly incorrect... The thought behind this game is really neat, if it played like the typical Sid Meier's Civilization genre then it would be amazing.The tech tree is very static, there is no needing to research one tech before getting to another. It's as if they wanted to make a game that ended really quickly rather than follow their franchis with another great game. Games rarely last more than 30 minutes and even when your playing its not about strategy, it's about flying around as quickly as possible to capture planets. There is no planetary overview so to make changes you have to fly to the planet before building new cities(no building cities isn't as fun as it sounds, you click one button and its done you get MINIMAL increase to resources).Being someone who loved all of the previous games I would give this a 2/10. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone to be honest. The only time I would say to buy it is if it was less than $4. My opinion though."
76561197976840302,Not Recommended,282210,14962249,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Golgatha,"Ok, this is not a really good game. this is like the pocket version demo of minecraft. don't waste more than 5-8 $ on it.pros: good game mechanics, resource system, victory optionscons; 0 options for graphics, advice toggle, animation skips (ship destruction gets buggy and repetative), all ship models basically the same, can't name ships, unify colors of ships, basic things that make the game more interesting that are lacking. this is not a pc game."
,Not Recommended,282210,14965604,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MR.Allar,Well after 2 hours a gameplay. It is a light 4x rts game in sid meiers series but a good way to kill time and fun little bt. Still 15 euros is to mutch to pay for it so if you want it wait for at least -50 % price drop  and beyond earth is even more fun thant this game.
76561198030779700,Not Recommended,282210,15404420,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,OS,"Linear, just one fleet, stupid AI, and boring... a lost of money on my part since I had high expectations. I want a refund but steam won't give it obviously."
76561198034159555,Recommended,282210,15389398,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,rsupeene,"OK people why all the bad blood. For the same prices as games like I AM BREAD, you can get a much more comlex and interesting game. So yeah its not Civ. DUH its an inexpensive fun little game. Spend about 10 -40 hours on it an throw it away. Its 16 bucks seriously."
76561198015091470,Recommended,282210,15364064,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Isaac Clarke,"PositiveThis is a decent game for a mere $15. I'm sure with more money Sid could add a lot more features that folks might want, but he would have to charge more. And unfortunately all the kickstarter funding is apparently going into Star Citizen, a mere 72 million so far. It better be good. Anyway, I mostly liked the carry over bits between Civ Beyond Earth and SM Starships. Made me think of the data/choice carry over in Mass Effect. I expect more good things from Sid and the boys at Firaxis if they intend to use data carry-over in future developments."
76561198026357688,Recommended,282210,15493004,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DroneCabbage,"This is very much the kind of game which either becomes a cult classic a few years down the line, or simply gets forgotten. It's not really anything like Civilisation at all, there's very little ""city"" (planet) management, and the research gameplay is relaxed to put it mildly. It's really just a turn-based-tactics spaceship battle game with some persistence elements.Those of you who are old enough, I'd like to take you on a brief journey through time. Back to when UFO: Enemy Unknown/XCOM: UFO Defense was new. Remember how the geoscape felt tacked on, like it was providing the minimum amount of glue to get you to the next battle? It's exactly the same here. Replace soldiers and aliens with space ships and, well, other space ships and you'd have something very close to Sid Meier's Starships. That sounds kind of like a compliment, doesn't it? Well, not entirely. The look and feel of the game would really sit quite well in the mid-late 90s (compare Total Annihilation), and frankly the pared-down Civ-like engine for outside of battle is less polished even than XCOM was in its day.In addition to that, and perhaps in some ways as a consequence, the difficulty seems to be miscalibrated. I put it on ""normal"" (from the default ""easy""??) for the first try at playing, and really got straight through to winning the game with pretty trivial ease - maybe 3 battles lost - and that's without ever learning half the interface or discovering where the last faction was. I'd speculate that players who have a reasonable sense of where to put there upgrade points would find it painfully easy on any but the higher difficulties.Thankfully, the actual turn-based battling is pretty enjoyable, and the ship customisation works well. Good for a pick-up-and-play, assuming that you have a couple of hours to spare, and perhaps a worthy antidote to too much Civ."
76561198025640395,Recommended,282210,15468899,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,monk1133,"hi possible reader, i bought this game as i'm and have been addicted to nearly all sid meiers games for years (since civ1). im glad it dosent disappoint. the game is fun, easy to learn and a good deal at around £12. the only issue i have is that there isnt any graphic settings and i cant seem to see/scroll down to the bottom of some menus (am i the only one i wonder??)"
76561198041261957,Recommended,282210,16052635,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Михаил Грозный,"Unlike everyone down here, I think This game is very good and entertaining, it doesn't go far in term of complexity but still makes a good game I love to play.The only problem being the menus which are difficult to see for any options.But I still play it."
76561198171138887,Recommended,282210,16121916,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,shiper69,Its nice but more like an Add-on for Beyond Earth than a real full game... really just feels like a nice extra game
76561198093151075,Recommended,282210,16140642,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SombraDeLeon,"Very simple, but actually a lot of fun!"
,Not Recommended,282210,16235953,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,RobinHood70,"Bloody awful! When I first looked at the game, I thought it was a retro game from 10 or 15 years ago. In that context, I was able to forgive a lot of its primitiveness. Then, I discovered that this isn't retro in any way, that it came out this year! In that context, I have to wonder what the game designers were thinking!The gameplay is simplistic, not terribly challenging except at the highest difficulty setting, and rather boring after you get the basic ideas down pat. It barely held my interest long enough to complete the various achievements (most of which you'll get just by playing the game normally a few times), and now that I've done that, I don't ever see myself playing it again.Sid Meier: you can do better!"
,Recommended,282210,15158935,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Gespenst Gaming,"It's a nice casual lite 4x.If you want a more seriours space 4x, get GalCiv3.The matches get a bit more interesting if you actually use your faction from a Beyond Earth game, as it skews the starting diplomacy and relations based on how you handled your opponents."
76561198160486819,Not Recommended,282210,15161837,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,WoodHam,I am frustrated at this game right now.The game was working until three days ago when i played  it for the last time.and now the first two logos appear and then it just shuts down. The process terminates itself !? (WTF?)I rebooted my laptop like thousand times and still can't play.I own a laptop:I7-3635QMRadeon HD 8870M16GB DDR3500GB SSDis there any problem?I hope that they fix this issue quickly otherwise i will be so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198213989708,Not Recommended,282210,15162165,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,todddickens1978,"A Space Empires: Starfury rip, not worth it unless you intend to play on touch screen."
,Recommended,282210,15162738,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Matt Lowden,"As a big fan of the Civilization series I had high expectations for Starships & hoped it would emulate the same fundamental style of gameplay as other games in the franchise. Sadly the finished product feels like a rushed attempt at trying to create something that could have been great but falls short in so many way and ultimately feels like a Civilization: Beyond Earth mini-game.The game revolves around conquering planets with a single fleet of starships & engaging in repetitive battles that feature an uninspiring AI that can be easily defeated once you (quickly) discover a simple formulae for defeating opponents (You can quite easily hide your ships in cover and cripple the enemy with waves of torpedoes & fighters).I don’t explicitly dislike Starships, however, there is very little replay value and almost no scope for variety in terms of how you play the game, due to the almost identical factions and simplistic victory conditions (I’ve found myself winning a population victory by accident on several occasions).Although the game isn’t anywhere near as engaging as I hoped, it does have good touch support and is a pleasant enough game to play on a tablet when on the move or sitting in bed. As much as I hate taking the price into consideration, as I would have much rather paid three times as much for a far deeper experience, I do think that it’s a decent enough arcade game for killing time in short bursts.In summary I’m going to (only just) recommend Starships based purely on the fact that it’s a cheap and cheerful game to pass an hour or so here-and-there, just don’t expect the same engaging experience that you might expect from other games in the franchise."
76561198008822705,Not Recommended,282210,15163212,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,MagicSonic (DavoChanChan),"In 70 mins, I unloked half of the achievement.....This game is just too shallow despite its strategy element.It might be good if you play on tablet but definitly not on PC.Unless you are a die hard fan, I strongly suggest you do not buy it.Save some money for other games."
76561198007331367,Recommended,282210,15164859,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,MatthewDBarnhart,Laser shots should look like lasers and cannons should look like cannons.
76561197991943887,Recommended,282210,15175339,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dr. X,"This is a fun game. If you can micro manage resources and manage combt, you may enjoy this game. 2d. graphics, c'mon, same as a board game. for the cost of admission, it's deffinately worthy a look. I enjoiy this ngame more than many. Give it a chance...i'll bet you don't win your first...or second game...what do you expect for $15.00?????????????? great game, ty Sid Meyers"
76561197989688856,Not Recommended,282210,15177784,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Netscape Navigator,Seriously overpriced for what you get. This is a game that should be $10 tops on a phone or tablet. The tactical element to it is fun enough but there are so few options in it that after a play through or two there's really nothing left to explore. for some reason I expected a little more than a quick cash grab out of Sid Meier.
76561198009201958,Recommended,282210,15179122,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,herumarath,"It could really use multiplayer (with some serious balance work) and continue after victory. Overall I'm pretty pleased, I think it fills it's niche very well. Most of the critics seem to expect a full AAA $60 game experience for $15 and that just isn't fair. I think this game would be better thought of, and later expanded upon, the way so many great tabletop games have a core module with a ton of add ons. Catan does it, Dominion does it, Arkham does it, Warhammer sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥does the hell out of it.If possible, a little more depth and diversity would be nice, but I'd be perfectly happy with this becoming a platform for DLC or open it up for modders on the PC. Adding an endgame alien invasion mechanic would be awesome; you've united the galaxy under your banner, now lead it! Or add a ground combat miniscenario in a DLC pack. Rig one of your capital ships as a troop carrying drop ship they way you currently can have a fighter centered carrier. Maybe they can launch boarding parties to capture vessels? Bringing in something like the crew specialists from Pirates! is something I think would be really cool, too.I'm sure almost all of this is just wishful thinking, but I think it is a testament to a really great game that it inspires all kinds of ways it could (realistically) expand and be even better."
76561197991613276,Not Recommended,282210,15180118,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,DGs.IceBlade,"Not worth the money.  I could see this being a $5 game, or even $10 if it was a bit  more fleshed out."
,Not Recommended,282210,15367587,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,kinnison,"Bought this game, and after 3 weeks of ""support"" it still crashes shortly after loading the game and selecting any of the buttonsBought After earth and was disappointed, likely never to buy a Sid Mier's game again"
,Not Recommended,282210,15079650,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,NeoSynaptic,"Was hoping for something like MOO2 but instead got a realtively shallow and basic experience.   Feels like there is something to this game, but it just needed ot eb developed more into something great rathert than pushed out as a mediocre ipad game."
76561198025515495,Not Recommended,282210,18660199,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jessiea,"There's a very good reason it wasn't in BE. This title is not worth your money, despite being so cheap..."
76561198157730077,Not Recommended,282210,18669265,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,LosingbyLess,"After having won several games on different win conditions, I've noticed that every playthrough (at least for me) was the same slog. Begin slightly outgunned, take a planet or two, upgrade your ships a bit, and from then on the game is an exercise in patience as you wipe the floor with every enemy encounter. Even on hard difficulty I stomped everything once I knew what techs were good (shields, engine, cannons) and what techs are almost useless (stealth, torpedoes). Fully upgraded engines and cannons can get you around the back of enemy ships allowing you to one-shot even the toughest dreadnoughts.I haven't spent a ton of time on this game, but even so I feel like I've seen everything there is to see and figured out the best strategy to win. The diplomacy is nearly non-existant, the different leaders seem to lack varied personalities like CIV leaders have, and the only fun I have with this game anymore is in the first 30-mins or so of a game when things are somewhat challenging."
76561198027107666,Recommended,282210,18673653,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,framentation,If this is on sale pick it up.It is fun and you will spend some good times.But there does feel like its half a game and that there should be more
,Recommended,282210,18784799,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,unquietwiki [Reddit],"It's alright, but its a rather quick game. Definitely more of a time-killer, than something to commit to."
76561198079402292,Recommended,282210,18576034,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,God Apollo,Fun sometimes
,Recommended,282210,15284376,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,delmuerte,"Yeah, there's not much to it, but I've had plenty of fun killing a few hours at a time with this. It'd be great on a tablet."
76561197995129004,Recommended,282210,15285984,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,prof.ireland,"Is it CivV in space or super deep, no, but it is fun and has some nice mechanics.  The game is well built to be a smart, quick little pickup game.  In addition, with well though out touch controls and moderate spec demands it works well on small WP8.1 tablets.  A good light strategy game with some Sid flair."
,Recommended,282210,15206218,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,IKoreanI,so far so good great way to use up some freetime
76561198069875809,Recommended,282210,15210724,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,aaninya,"If you are looking for a casual turn base game that has a lot of replay value, this is a great game for you!  I played Civ 5 and a few other Sid Meier's games. This game has a lot of the ""one more turn"" addiction as most of the other titles’.  With random maps that can be played each turn. New changing conditions and many ways to win each map. I would recommend this game to anyone that has played or like other Sid Meier's games, if you would like a fast game with hours of replay.A few things to keep in mind with this game are that it was made for the I pad. With that in mind there are many this in the game that don’t seem full realized to their fullest potential. There are clearly areas that need improvements for the PC but the limits imposed by the I pad put many improvements too far out of reach.  The price is right for this game. A real good buy!!"
,Recommended,282210,15271182,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Telarius,"Personally, I enjoy this game and have not been disappointed, as the price is reasonable for the content.   The game is exactly what I would have expected it to be, a small turn-based strategy game with a Beyond Earth feel.  It reminds me a bit of Distant Star: Revenant Fleet, albeit turn-based with a Beyond Earth flavor.  As I enjoy games such as Distant Star: Revenant Fleet, Infinite Space, and FTL, this game falls in line.  Those who are looking for a  deep storyline or an involved strategy game will almost certainly be disappointed.  That being said, those who enjoy sci-fi turn-based strategy that doesn't get overly involved might just find this one as enjoyable as I have."
,Recommended,282210,15259833,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,metrognome156,"I've taken a good liking to Sid Meier's Starships. It's quickly become my go to game when I have just an hour to kill and don't want to get into something deep. I hope they make an iPad version of the game because I feel it's really suitable for those moments where I want to have some fun but don't want to be too engaged: for example a transpacific flight, on the train, or time sitting on the toilet. It's fun and to the point and not too repetative. While the documentation in the game is sparse at best it's easy to figure by giving it a quick go.It's best to think of Startships as being the ""Civ: Revolutions"" of Beyond Earth. 2k is very clear they see it as a casual title -- something that seems to be lost on the majority of the commentors. This is not a game you sit down and play for 8-12 hours straight and it's not meant to be nor is it priced as such. It fills the niche of a casual tactical strategey game to perfection. And that makes it a welcome addition to my Steam Library."
76561198012303079,Not Recommended,282210,15260154,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ironfist68,"I love Sid  games, this is a sad showing even compaired to B.E. which was enjoyable but essentially Civ 5... Starships feels lazily made with great ideas implemented only in the most basic ways. Game options are limited and glitches often make selected victory condition null. The ship upgrade options lead to the same result, by midgame even on Hard or impossible I was next to unstopable.This game has little stratagy and turns mean very little.I sadly wish I had not paid money for this ""demo"" of a game and do not recommend that anyone pay more then a couple bucks for it unless this money grab is made into a ""real game""."
76561198082110060,Not Recommended,282210,15273190,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Arkaros,"Crashed the first 4 times I tried to play after about 10 min. So, yea... I don't recommend."
76561197996119359,Not Recommended,282210,15278558,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,enderw2,"This may sound odd but while I enjoyed the game, I can't recommend it to anyone without strong reservations.  It's essentially overly simplistic - it's a cut-price experience, like something an indie developer would make, but sold like a full-price game.  If you don't mind something that plays like a mobile game, this is fine.  Though not value for money!"
76561198066472594,Not Recommended,282210,15145454,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Gorsey,"Wank, dont get this  its not worth my time telling you its wank  !"
,Not Recommended,282210,15146317,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kelryth,I don't like this game. Its not the kind of game I like to play. Its like any little game you'd find on some app store somewhere. Definatly not worth the $15 i payed for it. I liked Revolutions better. It could have been so awesome if they had devoloped it solly on pc with all the complexity and polish of the other civilization titles like Civ's I-IV
,Recommended,282210,15070528,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Erhardt,"I seriously don't understand all the negative reviews for this game.  It works, it's serviceably pretty if not cutting edge, and it's easy to kill as much or as little time with it in a sitting as you like.  Sure it's not deep like Civ, nor does it have graphics that would melt your eyeball or a meta-game that would cramp your brain, but FFS, people, it was a paltry $15.  At that price point, what we get here is worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,282210,15149539,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SoulWiz,"Tried game with 4 AITook down 2nd AI and built a wonder... Got wonder victory... yayanother game#2 and #3 fought each other, then declared war on me...BUT Their capital was next to one of my Planets, so I attacked it and won a population victoryYou take down the 'home world' you also take their remaining +10 planets with it...I also had a game where an asteroid field was sharing a pathway to FOUR HOMEWORLD PLANETS IN THE GAMEA cellphone game has better content then this piece of junkglad I paid only ~3 dollar with Civ BE bundle..."
76561198128678458,Not Recommended,282210,15201647,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Irish-Joker,its so gay
76561197963561028,Not Recommended,282210,15203392,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Torea,no worky!
76561198007618406,Not Recommended,282210,15192379,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,yago,Too simple
76561198098285962,Recommended,282210,15196424,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,writerleft,"I dig it, but of course, I bought it in a Beyond Earth/Starships bundle when both were also being offered on a Steam sale, so I paid $27 for both titles total.  Since BE runs $25 during a normal Steam sale, I ended up paying $2 for Starships - for $2, this game is AMAZING.  It's light...nothing at all like Civ or BE.To me, to give a perspective/description to what the game feels like or what you should expect, you have to start with a baseline - for me, that's Civ 5 with all the DLCs/expansion packs.  If you start there, Civ 5 gives you tons of options and playstyles...then you simplify when you move to BE where you have a fairly young game with fewer options that still feels more or less like Civ 5 without any of the major DLC packs...then you move to something like ""Pandora: First Contact"" - a Civ-style 4x game that almost completely focuses on battles, and as such, has a lot of upgrade options for units, lots of unit variety, lots of fun attack graphics, but offers little in the way of multiple play styles...then finally, you get to Starships - a game that is *JUST* fighting.  Think of it as ""Risk - Beyond Earth"" or ""Axis and Allies: year 3400AD Edition"".  It's totally not a 4x game - it's just about claiming land, kicking spaceship♥♥♥♥♥ and buying new upgrades.  I think the game normally runs around $10, and by my math, I figure that I'm willing to spend roughly $0.50-$1/hour for a good game.  Well, since I spent $2 and have played for about 50 hours, I spent about a nickel per hour on this game.  I can live with that.  Even at $10, that'd still be less than a quater/hour.Synopsis - if you want to shoot things in space, go for it.  If you want to play Civ 5, go do that instead.  If you want Civ 5 super space edition, wait another 2 years for Firaxis to release 2-3 BE DLC's and then buy it on a Steam sale."
76561198014899404,Not Recommended,282210,15182011,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Francisco Bot,"This game is far too simple for the Civ title.No settlements, limited resources."
76561198046222344,Not Recommended,282210,15255564,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,silentscore99z,It would be fun if I could play. It crashes too much.
76561198031657113,Not Recommended,282210,15255708,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,shadocat,"When I saw Sid Meiers in the title, I thought the game had to be good.  I was wrong.  The tutorial doesn't really explain the game, and the game play was too dull for me to go through the trial and error to master it.  It was obviously designed for  tablet computer, and in my opinion, suffers from it."
76561198013644139,Recommended,282210,15024322,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,JoeRocket,"Outstanding simple but fun startegy game, combat stands out!"
76561198007491852,Not Recommended,282210,15025429,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Coprophagus,"No, just no...If I could go back in time to my past self, sitting in front of my computer, hoping that I would not get burned like Beyond Earth, I would smack the ever-loving crap out of myself for purchasing this game.I'll defer to all of the thoughtful posts that have illustrated the games MANY flaws.  All I want someone to take from this post is dont, dont take a chance and buy it.  Friends don't let friends buy crappy games...."
76561197997780885,Recommended,282210,15063317,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,sakuya,"A fun little game, but seems to be stuck between Civ in space and a turn based wargame. Personally I'd like to see this fleshed out into a full on turn based combat game rather than the small scale mish-mash it is at the moment.Fun to play with a nice mix of units and tactics available, though sometimes let down by dodgy AI. Looks nice, doesn't over-complicate things, a good way to spend the odd half hour."
76561198085454189,Recommended,282210,15063699,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,blfmtnranger85,"This game is amazing! I dont understand why everyone hates it... I think people were expecting a huge complex game like civ. They even said that it wasnt going to be. Another hint is that it was only $15 (which it was well worth), why would they sell an enourmous game for that low?However there are some issues. They need to add a start in full screen setting. But thats only a minor inconvenience. They should also add a  mini-map, would be so helpful. It would also be really cool if they added a multiplayer mode. Great game, i am sure they will add some fixes."
,Not Recommended,282210,15072121,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,florus2901,"I do not know if i should recoment this game or not.It is fun for a couple of hours. But after that it is more the same.You realy can see it was intentionaly made for a tablet and not for pc.But lets look at the game it self:> The mecanics>> Map+ feels quite intiuative. click a planet and you have accesse to all the options (building and upgrading) of that planet.- No ""go to"" option.+/- You only have 1 ship to control, altho with a high movement.>> Battlefield+ It feels more like chess.- Torpedos are a bit useless at moments, but when you have stealth torpedos you can basicly make a mine field (+)- AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥>> Research- very simple>> Controls for pc- very simple (you can not set them)- No ""Enter"" for end of turnAs i said it at the start, it is fun for a couple of hours. On a tablet!For pc, i would say it is fun, but games like Galactic Civilization or Sins of a Solar Empire are better.For Sid's Meier please go back and find your roots; like CIV 3 or Civ 4. This was a nice continuiation of Civ 5: BE.But i would not recoment it when you as player when you buy the steam version you should also get acces to the tablet version."
76561198031594149,Recommended,282210,15074428,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Alexander,"I have been following Sid Meiers games since Civ 1. But Starships really surprised me as no other of the recent games. Of course Civ5 and Beyond Earth have been solid. But this one is different. Still you have to build your fleet and watch your planets and thus ressources grow. But the battle mode based on different scenarios and missions by neighboring planets is something really shortwhile. Sure there are some similarities with the Master of Orion series, but its much lighter yet in terms of technology tree or building diversity, there are yet no superheroes with special abilities – but I am sure they will come soon.It´s also nicer to play a day of bad weather, a normal game lasts about 3 - 8hrs. Sometimes I have been won before, but that was just more challenging.I think it is a great gameplay, which will even grow in complexity soon."
76561198035786734,Not Recommended,282210,15074920,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,k_s_printz (Turk),"This is a tough one.. really wanted to like the game, but it's got some issues.After playing thru a few games, the biggest problem in my opinion: Regardless of what you select as a victory condition, it apparently does not apply to the AI.  So, the game is going to be a race to get to 7 wonders nearly every time.  You can set the game up to the largest, most epic map that settings will allow,.. and if you don't rush and build 7 wonders, one of the AI will.  This causes the game to be over far too quickly.Some other issues:Lack of customization/variety in your available ships.  You have one type of ship available, and you can alter the appearance a bit based on the loadout you select,.. but they all still look basically the same.Some of the Wonders are a bit over the top.  Stealth torpedos, permenant stealth ships, and a wonder that gives you two actions instead of one,.....battle over.I don't regret buying this game for the price,.. but it falls painfully short in my opinion.  The game seems over simplified.  Not sure if this was because they wanted to pander to the tablet crowd, but I'm not looking to buy a tablet game to play on my PC.Maybe if there are future updates/addons that add more to the game I will adjust my review,... but for now, the game comes up way short for what I expect from a Sid Meier game."
76561198097761793,Not Recommended,282210,15287009,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Pickles In My Milkshake,"I have been unable to get this game to load. I literally tried over and over to get it to start. Which was the only way I could get the 5 minutes playing to write the review.It loads in a window, and then the second set of developer graphics load, and it crashes.I contacted 2 k and they gave me various ideas, Updating my drivers, updating Direct X, updating my sound configuration. Nothing worked. I have 0 issues with all 71 other games I have in my library.Save your money"
,Recommended,282210,15297040,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TimFortress,Exchange rate bug found ! Gain infinite resources in turn 1!https://youtu.be/TEJSa2oJvuQ
76561198079397156,Not Recommended,282210,15298323,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,captain5555555555,This game doesn't deserve to be part of the Civilization series. It took the space consept way too far.
76561198028677960,Recommended,282210,15299228,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,otaka-mayru,"this game was fasinating if  you think of it as a small expatchon then you got the wrong idea , But if you think of it as a small test of a futcher game of were the civ games can go then we might be getting some wear i can see them turning a game like this in to an turn base game like they have but now we can take over more planents  so if doment victory you can see you oun X amont of planets  and many other victorys  now i can see unloding 1,000,000,000 of troops on to an planet and taking it over with one flet ya i dont have a base on theat wrold but i can build or take over sead planent"
76561198006994533,Not Recommended,282210,15341920,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Technocore,"At this time (April 13, 2015), I cant really recommend this game. The game is fun, and casual play friendly.The main issue I am currently running  into is that the AI will not adhere to the victory condition that the player chooses.For example: I set the victory condition to Domination, and while playing the game I lose becuase the AI won by Population or building the most Wonders. This is frustrating to say the least.The game also suffers from very limited choice of Race/ship design. No real customization.I would give the game a 5/10 as it does have a good base to work with."
76561197986871400,Not Recommended,282210,15336388,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,banditks,"Hello!I will have to say I went into this game not at launch but waited until a little while ago to buy it, So I was aware from reviews on here and elsewhere what sort of game I was getting into. An IPad app game and is very light for a Sid Meier’s game. Knowing this I got the game anyways just because I was drawn in by the story and the general idea of the game itself.This being said I can’t say this game ""suck"" because it’s not a Sid Meier’s game or because I didn’t know what I was getting into. It is however my opinion this is a good app game however while playing it, the game left me wanting more of pretty much everything, more depth in diplomacy, more depth in federation building, larger universes, more than one fleet, and generally wanting this to be a full game with combat left as it is currently.So I like the combat system, I like how ships upgrade, I like how planets upgrade, I like the overall art style. However even with all that I am left just wanting more of a meal out of this snack sized game. So at a hefty 15$ which is extremely high for apps but very low for full games I can’t recommend this to anyone without quite a bit of fore warning.This is a snack sized game so in about an hour you will see pretty much all it has to offer and be left wanting more of a full meal out of such an awesome set of Ingredients."
76561198031075481,Not Recommended,282210,15412446,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Banksie94,"i love sid meier game (mainly Civ 4) so l bought the game thinking it will be just as good as beyond earth but when l started playing it was alright but it was too short, l'm used to a civ 4 game that take minimal of 10 hours to finish and l managed to finish one game on starships within an hour, even when you allow for the price difference between the two games l still believe that starships is not worth the $15 usd so l beg sid meier/ firaxis to make a game like civ 4, a long and beautiful game with lots of fun content that can be played for hours on end"
76561198006525841,Not Recommended,282210,14990669,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,nods2002,"I wouldn't recommend this at the current full price. It's about $5 worth of gameplay in my opinion. I do like tactical combat, but unlike similar tactical combat games, this one is very predicatble. The ""campaign"" is so shallow they could remove it without negatively effecting the game. Sid needs a little help with tactical design. The game is fun for a few days of play, but not much more than that."
76561198100722430,Recommended,282210,14994208,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Da Bozz,"Nice little strategy game. Its set in space. Theres a load of planets that you can capture and develop (like Civ cities) . There are other races trying to capture those planets before you, and you can ally with them or attack them. Fleet battles are simple, reasonably quick,  hex baseed wargames. Some planets have 'wonders' . And you have a fleet (that you can also upgrade) to fly around exploring and capturing. So far so good. Only issue I have is that you only get one fleet - so its a bit like playing Civ with just one army (and the bigger the map you set the sillier it gets). An update  that allows multiple fleets (plus an option to 'auto fight' fleet battles.) could make this good game great. Certainly doesn't deserve all the bad reviews its getting."
76561198030737080,Not Recommended,282210,14994614,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Reddy Aimfire,"""Just One More Turn"" no longer applies.  Sadly, my first game ended with me building enough wonders to get a wonder victory, one move away from an absolutely devastating battle between myself (strongest faction) and the second strongest  CPU.  Unfortunately, I'll never get to play that battle because ""Just One More Turn"" is now an extinct part of Sid Meier's repertoire.The game itself is entertaining and enjoyable, if not incredibly dumbed down.  I absolutely love the torpedo mechanic of ship combat, it is something unique and adds a bit of dimension to the otherwise fairly basic combat game play.  However, because of the aforementioned, lack of multiplayer, and other features stripped from the franchise, I cannot whole-heartedly recommend this game.  If it goes on sale for 50% off, it'd be something fun to buy and play for a day or two, but I do not see this game having much long-lasting appeal.  It's more dumbed down that Civ V or Beyond Earth (though the price should be an indicator of that), which I think for some people is a good thing.  However, for people like me, who grew up with Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, Civ II, the old, ""proper"" Civ games, this just feels like a massive steps backward from already several previous step backwards (Civ V, and Beyond Earth).You decide for yourself if this is the type of game you are looking for.  For me, it's a far cry from the kind of game I could recommend to anyone."
76561197974924722,Not Recommended,282210,15004525,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,CPT Chaos,"Bottom-line up front: I'd give this a solid 1.5 out of 10. This is an expensive version of a free Facebook game... read more to find out why.I REALLY wanted to like this game. From the pre-order description, and the fact that Sid Meier does an amazing job with about 95% of the games that they produce, this had a ton of potential.Branded as a 4x game that related to Beyond Earth, I was a bit hopeful to see something that played like Master of Orion 2 and had the space-ground gameplay of Star Commander. Alas, I got my hopes up too high.Also, before you go too much farther with this, just know that I haven't read the other reviews. This is my own take on this game.Everything from the tech, to the resources, (lack of) diplomacy, (generic) space combat, and AI feels flat.TECH: The tech ""tree"" is just a menu of upgrade. There are no new capabilities to introduce and no real choices that force you to examine tradeoffs and benefits. After playing BE, you'll likely be especially let down because NONE of that innovation exists in this game.RESOURCES: Four resources, and four very narrow things to do with them. Like most campy Facebook games, using your resources requires no more thought than a button click.DIPLOMACY: My main complaint with most Civ games is that you have options that the AI will not accept... in this case, you don't even have those options. Your two basic negotiating stances are a) war, or b) peace. Given the combat, neither has any particular advantages.COMBAT: This is probably the only (slightly) redeeming part of this game. For about the first 20 turns, the combat and the missions are challenging. Once you've pumped enough resources into your ships, you can pretty well steamroll the AI with impunity.Oh yes, the ship customization (and the reason why I was excited about this game)... yawn. Again, like the tech tree, the characteristics of each of your ships can be leveled up to attain greater advantage. There is no researching of new ship hulls, engines, weapons, or shields; just leveling. Facebook flash games have more options than this... such as Battle Pirates.Final thing that I'll say on combat is this: one fleet? If SM was trying a new twist on 4x games to limit player to one fleet and up the challenge, this was a terrible choice. Any potential challenge is wasted because they let you construct warp gates so that you do not use up movement points while moving between your own worlds.AI: Now for the AI. Like the rest of the game, the AI is stale and offers no challenge. In three different play throughs of the game (each at increasing difficulty), I have as yet to have an AI player declare war on me or attack me. I can roam the galaxy with my large armada of heavily armed ships and tear through pretty much every other empire with little effort.What could have been a stellar game (see what I did there?) is really just a black hole for your wallet (even at $13 - as of this writing).Save your money. Save your time. Don't save this galaxy (or SM's bottom line)."
76561198053864820,Not Recommended,282210,15004953,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Stravonstein,"Disappointed with this purchase, not worth the money."
76561198073250619,Recommended,282210,14875158,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ngveloza,"Since the help I got from 2K, my game runs very well and I am enjoying the game, its fun and quick, a multiplayer option, or hotg seat would be great as this would be a great ""board game"". Worth the cost"
76561197999040876,Recommended,282210,14954313,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Necrosyther,"As the low price tag suggests, this is not a huge budget blockbuster title.Its a simple light weight game thats easy to pick up and play, learn in 5 minuites, play when you have a little time to spare, I do however think that for the hype and  the price the product falls sorts, a price tag mabye 40% less would be more fitting for a game this small.Still fun for a little while, not a bad little game"
76561198018407581,Not Recommended,282210,14954967,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,RuggleBuggle,"Pretty boring game,  typically the same tactic will work over and over again.  There's no real complexicity to the game, the battles are alright, but it'd be a LOT more fun if there were several types of ships you could build.Ditto goes for the galaxy conquest.  The layouts don't change too often, there's no real strategy needed when playing against the AI, they're pretty easy to read even on the hardest difficulty.  If there was a multiplayer mode it would make this a lot more fun.I feel pretty let down by the game, not as much as Civ Beyond Earth, but still felt like it was a waste of $15.  There are far, FAR more fun games out there on Steam for less than $15.  Don't buy this, look for another semi older game for the same price you've wanted.  It'll be a lot more fun."
76561198003921786,Recommended,282210,14957595,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Gandur,"At first I thought the game less than what I was expecting. But after some playthroughs I understood that this is not a new civ game. It's more for the guy who doesn't have time for the long civ experience but still want's to play.The game it self is fast paced and fun, it's true it can be a bit repetitive but still fun to play."
,Recommended,282210,15082693,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,BanzaiBill,"This a very simple, kind of mindless, fun game. It's perfect for the times you have half an hour to kill but no more."
,Recommended,282210,15085242,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Nerf ICBM,"Sid Meier's Bandaids - Every time you play, it effortlessly simulates being ripped off."
,Not Recommended,282210,15085780,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Pearlbear,"I love Sid Meier's games, always have. But this is, by far, the worst of the bunch. They should have either done it right, or not done it at all. Sure, it's only $15. But it doesn't match the playability of a lot of $15 games out there. Even only playing it for a couple of hours, it's clear there isn't much there there."
76561198046874817,Recommended,282210,15085864,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Honved_Andras,"A basic tactics game with no true customization. Your faction determines the apperance of your ship. You cannot name your ship or even the faction that you play as. With the exception of domination the other victory conditions are vague. It does not tell you how many wonder, technology upgrades, or amount of population. It is oddly addictive and may simply be because of the simplistic tactics. In the end it is a game made for your Iphone and not your computer. Feels like this was a project handed over to some interns to prove they are competant. It is a good game, simply basic.That being said if you are looking for a laid back casual game, this is a game for you. If you are looking for in depth customization (like myself) stay away. A good game indeed, just not for me."
76561198013451095,Recommended,282210,15098047,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,duskyyy,"I can imagine tablet port of this game.Its not civilization, so do not expect to spend hours of playing it..., its rather fast game, combat is fine especially once your fleet is bigger and stronger. Chasing enemies hiding from them, wormholes,...  combat graphics niceRequires also small amount of tactics, depending on difficulty it might be also quite challenging :)Also like its elaboration of the story of CIV BEAnd yeah, I got what I expected to get  with this game :)"
76561198106870006,Not Recommended,282210,15102078,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Vaporize,"Would I recommend this game!!! NO   NO and, NO!!!!This games seems like someone just took an old game engine and layer this over the top. don’t get me wrong the maps are assume looking but the ships!!! Oh the ships.  They look like they came out an indie game they really break the ascetics of the game.  The combat maps left something to be desired, seamed rather repetitive. The upgrade system for ships and planets really is kind of depressing they could have done so much more it’s like they just gave up on it.  i mean after level five on any ship upgrade the ship design  for that upgrade doesn't change.  This game could also use some texturing…if it’s a battle ship let me see every glorious scratch and dent don’t have all the ships be roughly the same size.  in this games current state i feel like i could run this on an old Pentium core computer and it would work just fine.this game is just depressing they could have done so much better they could have added so much more detail, so much more depth. but alass they did not."
76561198065034578,Not Recommended,282210,15102532,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,quixtol2,Boring thats all I can say...Total snoozer
76561198058735378,Recommended,282210,15091593,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,eirikgje,Quick and enjoyable game for when you have an hour to spare.
,Recommended,282210,15092506,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Nicholas,"Sid Meier's starships delivers a basic strategy game for less then what it costs to go to a movie.  Lots of abilities to unlock, and a level up system that lets you build your ships around specific abilities and tactics."
,Not Recommended,282210,15026839,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,boo2k5,"Sid, you can do better than this!"
76561198023254026,Not Recommended,282210,15311480,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,castor2,"One of the worst games I have ever played, since 1985."
76561198049363959,Recommended,282210,15436758,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,niten57,It's nothing like the Civ. games. It's small simple but yet fun. Just don't look for much depth.
76561197978832149,Not Recommended,282210,15440083,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,flinteryk,this game is so painfully bland i am really saddened by this fact. there are missions to do in the game however this is not a standard space strat you start with one planet and 2 ships. to gain new planets you do missions to win them over to join your federation. all planets are occupied by some one so there is little to do with colanization or building of an empire really. there are a few buildings you can build but nothing to really add to the game just to increase your resource production. all and all so far i would give this game a 3/10
76561197992702624,Not Recommended,282210,15121685,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DLB0812,"I enjoy a number of games and this one is somewhat like Master of Orion but just when you start getting into it, the rug is pulled out and the game is over.The game mechanics are a good base for a game.  However, the game is restrictive in the victory types and gets old quickly.  The replayability is low and the game can be lost with any of the win methods though all battles are won.  The difference between the map size is close to null.  There is no victory by conquest option.   I've been able to max out science and fleet on domination win method but eventually the enemy won though they only controld 1 planet.  I wish this game was still under dev. and in beta.  It isn't.  There is no multiplayer network or hotseat so playing with friends is out.  Maybe $1 to .50  per hour of gameplay.  Value to time is low.  At a few bucks it would be a worthwile value but the current price is too high for this unfinished game."
76561198172120953,Recommended,282210,15122349,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Swankasaur,very fun game. a little of an off shoot from the traditional civ games as it it more focused on the combat aspect of things. The only real beef I have with this game is the lack of a multiplayer game type...
,Not Recommended,282210,15124516,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jesse,not worth $15.00.
76561197975409043,Not Recommended,282210,15303052,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,zugnish,This game just crashes for a lot of people. No attempt from developers to fix. Do not buy.
76561198043596527,Not Recommended,282210,14981228,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Duban,"The problem with this game isn't that it's bad. The problem with this game is that it isn't good. The core game is there, but the game lacks the attention to detail that could have made it great. It's as if the developers come up with a great idea, got bored, and just pumped out a really half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥version of the game.The startup options are lackluster consisting of nothing more than map size, number of players, and difficulty which kills replayability. In order to progress in the game you need to gain influence on planets by performing misisons for them. This  is a great idea in theory, but the lack of mission types makes even a single 3 hour playthrough really repetitive. You have kill the enemy fleet, king of the hill, escort the transport, stop the enemy transport, amd wade through a minefield blindfolder (or at least that's what it feels like). 90% of the time it just consists of slaughtering your enemies and waiting until you can clear the objective.The game is just so half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ They really didn't try to add any diversity or options to make the game interesting. It's bare bones, lackluster, and just not fun.TL;DR: Interesting concept, terrible execution."
,Not Recommended,282210,14860244,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Sniper Fury,"It is a nice pocket strategy game more suited to a tablet than a PC but that is if you play the small maps. It is much simplier than we are used to from Firaxis however it does have a certain quality about it. That quality however is not in the UI or the graphics. They are clearly there for a tablet to run and that alone.I have enjoyed the games I have played so far and while I wasn't expecting Masters of Orion or Galactic Civilizations I was sad to see the empire aspect so dumbed down. I had it on normal my first game and didn't even have to upgrade my planets. I just did it because I could. The wonders however are where it is at. Take the Reactive Armor wonder it makes you immune to torpedo damage, another great wonder is Hyperlaunch which allows your figthers to use their full movement after launch. These are where the planets really shine, it sadly it would be better if there was a multiplayer because then the usefulness of these planets would create natural battlegrounds.That is if you had muliple fleets, but you don't, you get one, one that will ALWAYS be there to defend if you get attacked. Making flanking your enemies, or catching them out of position completely useless. You also don't actually destory your enemies fleet, they just get knocked for a time, as do yours.Overall I enjoyed it for what it is, if I could do it again I would wait for a steam sale.Oh one last thing, as you play this and Beyond Earth you unlock little perks in the other game. This is a nice little extra however I have no idea what I am unlocking for Beyond Earth as that game doesn't tell me what I have unlocked."
,Recommended,282210,15066791,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,keepergfa,"While sharing story elements with Sid Meier's Civilization Beyond Earth, this is *NOT* an empire builder game. I would call it a turn based tactical/strategy game. It's a good game, although several things about it just don't make sense. First, you only have 1 fleet of ships. Second, every planet's combat environment is filled with asteroids. Third, lasers and cannons are graphically homing missiles, not lasers and cannons.The flaws don't really matter though, it is a good game. And even though it was obviously designed for tablets, that doesn't hold it back on the PC."
76561198060491697,Recommended,282210,15067501,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,sarrowquand,"Just played through my first game, accidentally won a wonders victory two hours in. This is a pretty fun game to play while you are doing something else like chores or painting something."
,Not Recommended,282210,15067998,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,LeVigilante,"I can't experience ANY sort of Gameplay in this Game, not because this Game is dull or repetitive but because the Bugs in this Game make me inaccesible to play the Game at All! Save your money, this Game is not complete and requires ALOT of repairs.People have already stated that after viewing the Logo on start of the game they would Always crash, i'm of the lucky who we're able to play BUT every 3 Minutes in the Game I would Crash."
76561198062464755,Not Recommended,282210,15069374,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Wixard,"It's an interesting game, with some fun ideas, but I wouldn't recommend it for two reasons.1) It's buggy as heck. It'll crash often, and for no reason. It runs slowly and uses loads more RAM than it's graphics could ever justify.2) It lacks depth. Strategy is surface level, and easily mastered. Limitations on gameplay make every encounter samey, and there's no plot to color them or keep things interesting. None of this would necessarily be a bad thing if the game was cheaper and ran properly."
,Not Recommended,282210,15018147,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,(IG) ϟαґυм,This is probably one of the worst games i have ever seen produced with the Sid Meier's Name on it What ever you Do on't Buy This Game! It is complete crap!
,Recommended,282210,15019344,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,{( ~T.J~ )},"I thought I'd give this game a try before i went to bed,.. and ended up staying up half of the night playing it. Slight indeed but very addictive, the combat is fun and tactics play a huge role, the game is alot like endless space, no way near in depth, i.e no need to terraform and manage wordly resourses for its population etc but just as enjoyable, possibly even more so. I can't stop playing, and this from someone who spends most my time playing mmo's, fantasy RPG's and first person shooters."
76561197984933411,Recommended,282210,15022012,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,THORN,For its price the game is entertaining.  its a quick play (for me about 2 hrs) and compared to a more indepth rts.  I like it.
76561198025434087,Not Recommended,282210,20814127,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,robertdrake910,"This game can be safely thought of as a super-lite form of civ.  You are expanding your federation and competing with other similar organizations.  Expansion is done by completing quests for nearby planets, which will grant you up to 4 points of influence (at which point the planet joins your federation).  Quests vary slighly through the usual escort, exterminate, etc, but in the end they all feel the same.Content is very limited, and a single play through can be completed in two hours or less.  I paid $8 for this game during a sale, yet I still don't really feel I've gotten my money's worth.  There are too many other options for turn-based tactical combat out there that are done far better; avoid this one."
,Not Recommended,282210,20821593,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,lil Joshu,"If you're buying this game for the ""Beyond Earth Connectivity""... meh.When I heard Beyond Earth and Starships had connectivity, my mind immediately jumped to what yours probably did...""Hey, I can build up my world in Beyond Earth, with Starships effectively acting as a major expansion pack, and start colonizing other worlds too, and colonizing them beyond-earth style, or maybe while I'm still in my initial world, be invaded by faster-advancing colonies from other worlds.... that's Sooooo coool, basically making the game that much more massive in scope!""Well, I got in... started looking for the connectivity.... and was quickly disappointed. I then looked up online to find out exactly *how* they connect and.... they don't. Sure it ""says"" they do, but they connect in the same way that TF2 connect to Red Orchestra.... they don't, but you get some cross-promotional content in each one for having the other. Whoop de doo. No massive grand multi-world strategies, no epic level conquests on a scale far beyond just one world.It's a classic situation of something living up to nowhere near it's expectations.You want connectivity? Nope. You get some micro-dlc's back and forth. Whee."
,Not Recommended,282210,20197202,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,sumhavok,"Thought it would be fun to play this game on a 15.6"" Windows 10 touch tablet PC, finger pinch zoom, everything disappears, try to zoom out, nothing, try to find a command to recenter starmap; there isn't one, then try to find command to center on fleet, hmmmm...also doesn't seem to exist.   Did  anyone play test this?  Where is my fleet?Thank you Steam refund."
76561197966461524,Not Recommended,282210,20879189,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kúsar,"This is about as complex as a game for tablets or phones. That's not to say it's bad, just don't expect any complex strategy or advanced features such as multiplayer. If you're looking for a space combat tactics game that can be played in less than an hour then this might be a good pick when it's on sale. If you're looking for a space 4X game, look elsewhere."
76561198045608638,Recommended,282210,20868737,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,colallison,"A fun light-weight Stratagy game. Not to deep, but if you have a coule of spare hours it is perfect."
76561198041091179,Not Recommended,282210,20881979,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Daivahataka,"For a sid meier game this is remarkably shallow and simplistic:5 resources : energy (to build/upgrade ships), food (to add cities to planets, these up all resource production), metal (to build planetary improvements and wonders), science (fo buy tech improvements), credits (to buy planetary influence or other resources via the market)5 planet types: normal and then four that each provide 50% increase to one of the first four resource types.4 planet improvements to increase the income of those resources, 1 to improve defence and one to help with ship travel.9 ship modules and 9 techs to improve those modules8 ships in a single fleet, can't have multiple fleets, and a limit of 8 to the number of any specific module on each ship.There's a bit of variation with the selection of wonders to build (1 per planet  and it's random as to which wonder is available on which planet), but it still does not make up for the lack of diversity throughout the rest of the game.I can well believe that this was originally designed for the mobile game market.Also FYI anyone who's not getting the achievements for the game for some stupid reason you only get them if you allow all victory conditions.Basically this will provide a small distraction but is not worth considering a full ""game""."
,Not Recommended,282210,20779873,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JohnScientist,"wwwoooooowwww..... that sucks a lot. you know what, i like civ games but this one was a waste of my money the other ones had much more intresting story better concepts and civ beyond earth had some great emotional moments. BUT THIS!!! smells like fermented donkey diarriah"
76561198160285259,Recommended,282210,20728902,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,PDTKSE459,"i really like this with supplimental Beyond Earth Civ (base game not Rising Tide, see my Civ review)..i really think this could be something more... i like the macro version of galaxy management over planet management (Civ franchise)... if they would take starships and make a few tweeks i think be an amazing game.. i really like the 4x planet management; a slimmed down basic style... you only have to worry about basic needs and production of ships... OMG fully customizable ships like 4x too... that way you are given creative insight to make your own ships instead of cookie cutter type ship (keep you vested in the game because you have lot more creative control)otherwise, great game... i know they didnt want their own ""full fledged"" game.. just a mini game sort of thing instead of stand alone..."
,Recommended,282210,20738563,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,nhans180,"If you are a civ snob and have lots of time on your hands, this may not be your game. It is very quick compared to civ (4 hours instead of 4 days). It is way simpler than civ. So if you are looking for a civ game, go somewhere else. I really like this game. Sometimes you want to play a game that lasts weeks and requires a ton of thinking. Sometimes you want to play a game that takes a couple of hours and doesn’t require a ton of thought. That is this game. Don't get me wrong, there are lots of options (customize ships, planets, etc). But compared to huge stratagy games, it is a game you can kind of relax with. The graphics are awesome. The game looks, feels, and handles cool. If you want a quick space strategy game with a high end feel, you really can’t go wrong. While I can only handle so much time with a huge stratagy game (because I have a job and a life to live), I predict playing this game off and on over and over again when I get bored and just want a quick game to goof around with. I will get my $14.99 out of it and then some."
,Not Recommended,282210,20739926,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Vellarain,"This game feels more like an App than a full release title. Luckily I got my money back for losing interest in the first hour of playing, what a wasted effort."
76561198049183091,Not Recommended,282210,21769770,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,CanisLupus4285,"Overpriced and buggy. I bought this game with the anticipation that it played with Civ: Beyond Earth, only to be severely disappointed. It is not worth the price given. It is far too small a game for that price, and that's not even mentioning the fact that there are bugs that have still not been fixed. The most problematic being that the mouse dose not line up with the visible cursour, making gameplay and menu selection a nightmare.If you are a fan of any Sid Meier games; do not buy this"
,Not Recommended,282210,21421524,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Kaminobob,"An interesting idea, badly crippled by a lack of (sorry, Sid), Interesting Decision.-There are three weapons to put on your ships (four if you count fighter bays), but one of them is clearly better than any of the others.-You can have a lot of little ships or a couple big ones, but aiming for the middle of the road is clearly better. (you can only fire once per turn, so big ships get outnumbered and surrounded. Hulls have a fairly high cost just to start, so in the part of the game where your money is still limited, it's better spent on improving your existing ships than getting more flimsy money-sinks)-You can upgrade your tech, but all upgrades are flat percent increases of one stat, so the decision is entirely binary. 'Do i have enough science points to upgrade a thing my ships use. If yes, do it."" There's no depth, complexity, or strategy.-There are eight 'leaders', but honestly i would have liked a 'choose random' button because they have no personality (they all speak in a different accent, whoo) and are only differentiated by each having a small, unique advantage.-The AI barely understands how to play its own tactical battles; but if it understood optimal play then an endless slapfight between identical assault cruisers wouldn't be interesting either. I guess I do have to give it credit for making Gallente Style the key to galactic domination, though.-Game modes that aren't conquest continue far past the point where one player (you) is obviously going to win. Game modes that are conquest can be brutally cheesed by sniping homeworlds (which flips their entire empire over to you)Think about it if you ever see it on a tablet app store for $3, otherwise, avoid."
,Recommended,282210,14918471,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,CosmikTako,easy to grasp looking for more of a rpg when i downloaded it but fun and imaginative
,Recommended,282210,14922447,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,GordMcLeod,"Don't look to this game if you're looking for an alternative to Galactic Civilizations or Masters of Orion; it's a simpler game, smaller in scope, quicker in style. If you come to it with that firmly in mind, there's an awful lot of fun to be had here."
76561197960507059,Recommended,282210,14923600,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,<WSP> Millin,You get what you pay for. Its quick playing simple game.  Beat the first map i played within an hour. Simple lil space combat. Stripped down master of orion Galactic
76561198172987249,Recommended,282210,21244112,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dionysius7777,"In my book, this game could be so much more.  The concept is good, the execution is questionable.  Being an avid player of strategy and tactics games, I want so much more out of this.  This game is like a video game designer's final college project instead of a well developed, well constructed game like Civilizations.  They slapped Sid Meier's name on it, and knew it would make  money.  If you're looking for a time killer, this is it.  In a few hours you can go from 2 ships to the galaxy.  BUT THIS COULD BE SO MUCH MORE THAN A TIME KILLER!!"
76561198023217659,Not Recommended,282210,21379254,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ch33353,The gameplay is (relative to other Sid Meier's games) too simplistic and the game is too short with no option to continue after a victory.
76561198095901329,Recommended,282210,19425401,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MURP,"Im not saying i dislike it, but its....very slight. I dont dislike though."
76561198097842398,Not Recommended,282210,21775977,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,The Ever Ruler,The game fails in execution as it suffers from asymmetric difficulty between beginning and end.Now that may sound like virtually every game ever but the goldy locks zone in the middle is short-lived at best and non-existent at worst for this game.  Game starts off with a modicum of difficulty but it's pseudodifficulty in the form of RNG more than actual skill as the AI is dull and repetitive.  This repetitiveness will become apparent once you develop enough resources to escape the mercy of RNG.  The enemy will try the same tactics with the same ships and with the same technology.  The only solace comes in the form of wonders which apply unique upgrades but these do nothing to change the calculus of battle.So basically what starts off as a solid premise with potential ends up being at the mercy of RNG as the game's AI is too dumb to simulate actual difficulty and the balance is too inconsequential to change anything.  This game isn't worth your time let alone your money.
,Recommended,282210,25280577,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mizstik,"There may be a lot of negative reviews for this game, but for the right people, this game really hits it.If you've ever wanted just the turn-based tactical combat without the baggage of empire management, this is the game to get. If you've ever set up a Civ5 game on a huge epic pangaea with only elimination victory type, you might want to try Starships using epic + impossible + domination-only setup. You get the fun battles with much less empire management baggage and with much less possibility for lopsided technological mismatch.And if you want turn-based combat in the form of starships in space, this may well be the only modern take in existence because I haven't managed to find any other. Most other 4X games have gone real-time with combat and they come with massive empire management and ship design overhead.Here are a sample of things I liked compared to other tactical (mostly RPG) games:- You can reconfigure your party instantly with little to no resource loss, promoting build diversity. You can refit your fleet into any spec to suit the next battle and respec it back. In most other tactics game, you're locked into particular builds accompanied by long grinding process which you have to repeat if you switch builds.- The game gets going fast with minimal build-up time. Within 2-3 battles, you're already progressing up to considerable strategic options (e.g. cannons, fighters, new ship). In most other tactics games, you'd have to grind around for dozens of missions to gather resources and gain EXP.- The galactic screen is essentially a very good mission chooser screen. Most other tactics games offer very little choice with regard to choosing missions. (e.g. limited to open sidequests, random battles that interrupt your travel, etc.) In Starships, you can look at your borders and choose a mission based on the other empire's strength and your crew fatigue. Mission types on non-federated planets are quite varied.- Planetary Wonders are a really nice way to differentiate the strengths of each player in the game in a way that's halfway between randomized and controlled, and also in a way that you can't plan for from before the game starts the way you could with Civ5 leader traits or world wonders.- No random chance to miss. (looking at you XCOM) Cover reduces damage instead of chance to hit.The only real complaint I have for this game is the lack of multiplayer, although ultimately its addition would probably be no more than what multiplayer was in XCOM which didn't really do much.Another possible complaint is that the AI is not terribly difficult, but I find that it only really has problems when you start using special tactics (like invisible torpedoes). In an open brawl, I find that the AI is quite competent with finding odd line of sight that I can't fire back to and are pretty good at finding a way to shoot your engines. The Impossible difficulty should be good for the vast majority of average players.I like what the game has to offer in its current (and probably final) state and wholeheartedly recommend it for fans of turn-based tactical space games."
76561198023917415,Recommended,282210,25184664,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Canadian Sniper,"I love this game. I have been waiting for something like this for a very long time. Their could obviously be improvments such as adding multiplayer, or having the ability to design how your ships looks, but overall this game is amazing. The one thing that this game fails at, is its pricing. It is way over priced! But, if it goes on sale, I would highly recommend this game, especially if you have ""Beyond Earth"""
,Recommended,282210,25875582,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Reliant39,"This is a great, streamlined strategy game with a heavy focus on -- surprise, surprise -- building a fleet of starships and improving their stats. You improve the ships by spending resources and you get the resources by exerting ""influence"" over planets (basically, you conquer them). You can buy influence or gain influence by either completing a mission at the planet or by giving your crew shore leave there. Shore leave basically serves as an ""end turn"" button on the main strategy map and allows your crew to rest and recover, so you can move again next turn from planet to planet, improving them (by building cities, improvements, or wonders) and gaining influence.Aside from the main strategy map, you'll also be conducting an awful lot of combat missions on a more detailed battle map. You'll fire torpedoes, which you can detonate at will after the first turn when an enemy is nearby (or you think it's nearby), or perform scans, or simply shoot an enemy vessel with your ships' weapons. Asteroids little the 2D battle arena that provide some cover for your vessels as you manoeuvre into an advantageous position. The best thing? These battles, while numerous, move very quickly, so you'll never get bored.You can win the game through a variety of means, though the most common one is the ""population"" victory, where you control 51% of the galaxy. The end isn't particularly exciting: you'll get a dialogue box that essentially tells you, ""You win!"", followed by a short and rather nondescript video. But the game is fun! Yes, it's nowhere near as complex and involved like any of the Civilization games, but it isn't supposed to be. This is Sid Meier's Starships, not Sid Meier's Galactic Empires. It's streamlined and simple without being simplistic. You'll be doing all the standard 4X things: exploring, expanding, exploiting, and exterminating, but at such a brisk pace you can easily finish a full game in a couple of hours or less.If you expect this to be the next big Sid Meier game that will devour your life for months if not years on end, you'll be disappointed. (And incidentally, congratulations on having so much spare time on hand!) If instead you're looking for a quick, fun turn-based strategy game with lots of fairly interesting options and brisk combat, then Sid Meier's Starships is worth your time and money. I thoroughly recommend this."
,Recommended,282210,25785257,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lane,"There's a good and grand idea behind this... and I enjoy this game quite a bit. But it's missing the bulk of what you'd expect from a space strategy- and there's a lot out right now.A good mobile game, a bit lacking for a sit down PC game. Still worth a try."
,Recommended,282210,14862533,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Wolfran,"Despite what most people say, this game is pretty good.Ok, it is not a Civilization 6 nor a Civilization Beyond-Earth 2, but it's not what was annonced. Most people seems to dislike this game only because of Sid's name. And so they were expecting so much more.It is a Sid's game, a little one, but still a good game. It keep his promises. You'll play in the same universe as Beyond-Earth, but the game is turn based strategy, and not the 4X.So yes, I recommend this game for these reasons :- It's price- Sometimes, I wanna play a fast game of Civ', wich is imposible, so now, I'm gonna play instead- It has a great replay value, and the 3 differents factions and 8 characters are enough for it- The game is more hard to play than it seems, and you can't -just like any other Sid's game- put your brain away to play it"
76561198153108633,Recommended,282210,24539924,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Greyscale,"This lightweight tactical combat simulator is worth the time, but not the money.  Pick it up in response to extreme boredom or a good sale."
,Recommended,282210,24660586,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Vorzan Zorvan,"Loved almost everything about it. The pure lack of keyboard support makes the inevitable grind of clicks less enjoyable. Would have been great if I could have just been able to map ""end turn"" and ""fire"". Outside that, hours and hours of fun."
,Not Recommended,282210,27780508,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jmkinzer,"Shallow mechanics, poor AI, trivial to beat. I'm hope Sid Meier was involved with this in name only."
76561198051553801,Recommended,282210,28282258,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Zane,"Not worth the 15 dollars asking at this time really. The integration with Beyond Earth is neat, and the game isn't terrible but clearly lacks polish. For the <20 hours of gameplay, and Beyond Earth unlocks, pick up for under 10 bucks. It's kind of a shame, as if it has some large potential that is just left untapped."
76561198254071118,Not Recommended,282210,28131712,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,StanBakenzapp,"Like a poor man's Endless Space, not impressed at all"
,Not Recommended,282210,26639469,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Xyriin,It's nice to see a different direction in the Sid Meier's franchise but Starships falls short in my opinion. There are much better options out there for tactical ship combat that not only look better but have improved mechanics as well.While I can't recommend buying this game I would like to see what Sid Meier's can do with this franchise in the future (assuming they don't come to the conclusion that they're already too far behind in this sub-genre).
76561198185120075,Not Recommended,282210,21377485,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,mconnel58,"This game used to work, now it doesn't.   Starts up, get the first two screen then is gone.Support will not refund for a none working program."
76561197979080461,Recommended,282210,35385224,Posted: 1 October,all,seyber,"Risk with starships ..Its a simple game, and thats what cool about it, you can play in an evening after work and still get in at 9.  It not civ but actually quite rewarding to play when you just want to chill for a few hours.  One gripe is that you cant just keep playing after a victory and the AI tends to some how make peace and win if you don't take the first possible victory . Ive never actually won a science victory on a larger map it almost always comes down to wonder building.Recommended if you like simple strategy games that dont take days to play"
76561198030014645,Not Recommended,282210,35327536,Posted: 30 September,all,alextaylor666,game will not run since thay did update
