user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198082417675,Recommended,282400,19273226,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mr Monday,"This game is unique to the genre because it has an Evolutionary Human Emulator (EHE). This is the name given to the game's AI. Each country in the game has it's own unique AI system, which evolves the more you play the game. Each country has certain priorities and takes actions according to the perceived outcome of its actions. As you play, the EHE ""learns"" new behaviors, drawing connections between actions it didn't know existed and updates previous connections. This EHE makes for very thrilling and unique situations the more you play.There is a dedicated community that has been keeping the game up to date for the last 12 years. Taking into account the community mods available: the game is set in 2015, practically every nation in the world has updated GDP, population, military values, treaties and diplomatic relations. Also with mods, you can now fight Hezbollah, Taliban, Daesh/Islamic State, etc. There's also mods that set the world in WW2 or the Cold War, all these are also turned into multiplayer sessions.Play in multiplayer matches with your friends and conquer the world together. Or play peacefully and manipulate the world through proxy-wars, espionage, subterfuge, black market funding, economic exploitation and diplomatic cunning.Play in multiplayer matches with 20+ other world leaders and roleplay an international community as you wage cold wars, forge alliances and strive to develop into superpowers. In multiplayer matches, it is common for the host to set ""rules"" for the lobby to abide by, which keeps order and stability to the game world. When you have a good server with a good host, this game rivals that of any strategy multiplayer experience. If you're into geography, history, politics or current events, you'll love this game.Play in singleplayer sandbox mode: design your own military units, transform the economy of Malawi to have the largest share of fruits and vegetables in the world, become a monarchy and ally with the royal families of the Arab world, start a pan-African/Middle-East Alliance to counter the global North, create covert ops cells to steal military secrets from China, research nuclear weapons, deploy and launch your ballistic missile subs off the coast of India, declare war and conquer your neighbors, then trade conquered territory to your allies, give money to the poorest nations of the world and watch them develop into regional powers, build attack helicopters and put them up for sale, force Israel to annex the West Bank and then watch WW3 unfold.In terms of gameplay, you can set your own game speed. The pace really depends on you. The game technically never ends. So you can choose to get to year 2100 in two hours, or you can play for hours and only get to year 2030.The learning curve is not as hard as you might think. It's way easier to learn than Europa Universalis or Dominions, if you ask me. It's not nearly as buggy as it is made out to be. Judging by its low-scores on IGN and Gamespot, you'd think this game would be unplayable; it's a complete exaggeration. The game is very much alive through its Steam and Gog communities. It also has fantastic modular support that allows many new features, such as changing your country's name in-game.This game is actually one of the most powerful pieces of educational software available. If you're an educator, I highly recommend this game to you. Supposedly, this game has been used by governmental agencies worldwide. If you're a parent, buy this game for your children. I know of countless people who grew up with Civilization I & II or approached the game later in life and learned so much about history from it. This game has a very similar effect on people. Don't know the population of Bangladesh? Not for long. When you play this game, you'll learn quickly where all of the most populous countries are, who produces all of the world's tobacco, as well as the difference between Bahrain and Brunei. It's worth more than its price on Steam for just the reference/educational value alone. It's like a digital encyclopedia.The depth of this game is a bit difficult to explain:There's 193 default countries,each with up to ~30 territories/provinces,each territory/province has a production value for 24 different resources,each territory/province has a population that is divided into under 15, 15-65 and 65+,each of these population categories contributes to the territories consumption of resources,each of the resources is listed in the world market and traded with all of the other territories from all of the other countries in the world,each of the resources have a tax rate that is adjusted by the player,each of the countries have a dynamic economic ranking that id based upon them meeting their production/consumption ratio, political stability, human development level, etc. that determines their priority in the world trading list,each territory/province also has its own infrastructure and telecommunications level that is influencable by the player, each country in the world has it's own budget sliders for ~12 different spending options (health care, military research, education, tourism, etc.)each country has its own expenses based on debt, political corruption, imports, budget sliders, etc.each country has its own inflation rating, interest level, GDP/per capita, personal income tax....that's just economicWhen it comes to politics:Each of the 193 countries has its own approval, stability and corruption ratingInternal laws (illegal/legal freedom of speech, child labour, polygamy, abortion, etc.)Government type (democracy, communist, theocracy, dictatorship, monarchy, etc.)Capitol city (can be relocated)LanguagesReligionsImmigration and EmigrationPolitical partiesTreaties which are divided into ~15 typesDiplomatic relations with every other nation in the game (from -99 =biggest enemy, 99=best ally)These diplomatic relations are influenced by the similarity between their religions, languages, government type and treaties.These diplomatic relations determine everything from who the AI chooses to trade with, goes to war with, builds military units from, etc.The military side of things are equally compelling...~12 unit designs (infantry, bombers, tanks, fighter jets, artillery, etc.)~12 stats for each unit (speed, stealth, missile damage, gun precision, armor, etc.)~10 levels of military technology (i.e. stealth 1, stealth 2, stealth 3, stealth 4, etc.)Each country has an infrastructure level that determines how many units it can build concurrently (infrastructure is determined on a territory/province basis and influencable by player decisions)Each country is automatically ranked for its worldwide competitive compared to every other country in the worldEach type of unit can be named by the playerEach unit can be sold to the world marketEach unit can be trained up to three timesEach unit can be build domestically or outsourced (built by an ally)Each unit can be merged into army stacks and moved anywhere on earth that you have military access to (regions you control or that of military allies)Each army stack can be sent into a battleI disagree that this game has a bad community, as other reviewers have said. I also disagree that the political, military and economic spheres lack depth."
76561198007324693,Recommended,282400,9860517,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Deluks,"I rarely write reviews, but I MUST contribute here.Where to begin! Well... I’ve probably put in over 1000 hours of play into this glorious gem over the years. Incredibly detailed slider control over just about every relevant aspect of a country. You can micro-manage just about everything.  Such as, determining exactly which natural resources to exploit, how much money goes into building infrastructure, and which religion you want to convert your population too. Not a big fan of micromanagement? No problem! let the AI handle the areas you don’t want to bother with. Every decision matters and can have huge consequences. Take control over military research, including nuclear arsenals, naval, and land. Battles on land and sea have neat little animation scenes.Nuclear conflicts are VERY satisfying. Reminds me fondly of the War Games movie in the 90s.The game is a bit dated now, but still looks and feels nice on a new PC. Unfortunately does not support high resolutions but, once you get past this, it’s worth every penny and every minute in playtime.There is really something quite satisfying about turning Gaza Strip and the West Bank into a global superpower! Or perhaps you would like to nuke Canada? Then this is for you."
,Recommended,282400,12999807,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.",PLAYING AS UNITED STATES1. Built large amounts of ground units and annexed most of Mexico.2. Canada doesn't like it so they send some military to attack me.3. Begin massive invasion of Canada.4. United Kingdom joins forces with Canada and attacks me.5. Launch small nuclear strike on Canada and order them to sign an annexation treaty.6. United Kingdom nukes northeastern United States.7. Launch rest of my nukes at United Kingdom. millions die. United Kingdom utterly destroyed.8. Most of Europe begins to invade me. I get nuked by Germany and France. Have no missile defense systems or nukes with which to retaliate.9. United States in absolute ruins. Invaded by conventional forces from all directions.10. There is no more United States.PLAYING AS INDIA1. Build big army and place it on border to Pakistan.2. Gain nuclear capability.3. Nuke the ♥♥♥♥ out of Pakistan and send in my army to clean up the mess.4. Pakistan also has nukes.5. Pakistan and India both destroyed.I'm thinking next I'm gonna play as China and invade Russia. See how that works out.
76561198153721649,Recommended,282400,12862599,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Potatoe King,"I highly reccomend this! I love RTS strategy games and this one is quite interesting. I like the game for It's economic system and how the AI Doesn't completely fail in the economic side, unlike Supreme Ruler where the AI builds nothing but Tanks, jets, naval stuff, ect ect, this is quite fun. I have already put 44 hours into the game and in that amount of time, i managed to turn county's like the Congo and Israel into superpowers. It's not all about agression in this game, it's about getting on everyones good side. You can't just simply take a random country and just build tons of units and destroy the world. It takes time and i love the way it does it. You have to sometimes depend on other country's for aid and you have to work your way up bit by bit untill you can actually annex something.I love how the resources work, I mean, you don't have to manage resources all the time. You can get that all privitised and let your people expand it. That doesn't work all the time, you need to put some money into it so you can help your resources grow and the people will carry that duty on. Let's say Canada was the leader in Dairy production and you take that place, Canada will start to hate you and I love how it works.Nukes, oh how I love them. They are not too over-powered, but yes they do pack a punch in this game. Nukes are quite cheap, depending on what nation you play as,but they take a long time to build and are quite expensive to maintain them. In packs, nukes can destroy populations and damage your enemy's resources heavily and turn military's to dust. Think before you use nukes, because using nukes will devistate your relations with other country's and if you use nukes in very small packs... Well, you will be better off throwing toothpicks at your enemy.Here's where it gets bad. This game wasn't really made for Windows 7 or 8 and so it tends to crash a little bit. There are bugs in the game where some country's are nothing but luck to try and set up for becoming a superpower. Like the Democratic Republic of Congo, Rebels and some others. There's also a bug where you can't take certain land and so on. The game really does have some downfalls, sometimes relations tend to mess up. I got nuked by Russia and instead of people hating Russia, they started to hate me more. I don't understand this much, but it doesn't matter as long as you have a much more powerful military then your enemy's.Is it worth the price considering the bugs? YES! You might get annoyed from the bugs, but indeed it's a fun game. Very easy to get used to and you will always find new ways to beoming powers. If it's from economic domination to just pure agression."
,Recommended,282400,14438136,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"I love this game. The epitome of being simple yet complex featuring economic control, politics and a lot of military options. I think what makes it stand out from a lot of GeoSim games are the fact that you have so much freedom. From the tax rate, languages your people speak to how many kids they can have... it's up to you. Plus, ain't no country like my sweet, sweet Djibouti.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-o-7KYxi7Q"
,Recommended,282400,16199073,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The Patriot,"This game hasMANYissues, but nonetheless, it still manages to be incredibly fun and addicting.Pros:-Good soundtrack-Comes with mod maker-193 accurate nations to choose from-Amazing replayability; 100% sandbox mode-Multiple preset scenarios-32 player multiplayer; that's right 32 people on one server-Custom unit design-Well-rendered globe-High FPS even on weak systemsCons:-Economy lacks depth-Military lacks depth-Politics lacks depth-Cheap combat animation-Mod editor not compatible with Windows 8 (it was built for Windows XP)-Mouse-screen syncronization issues-AI lacks depth-Unreasonable AI (Such as Japan randomly invading United Arab Emirates or China randomly nuking Zimbabwe)-Over-simplified UI-Random crashes on some systems"
76561198072604908,Recommended,282400,11703499,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,KendalVI,I picked Israel and declared judaism illegal 11/10
,Recommended,282400,9861338,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Zevrow,"I have played this game for longer than I can remember, so much that I bought it as soon as I saw it on Steam without even considering where the money is coming from, a new type of Multiplayer has been added from the previous title with the help of Steam, this game was also Greenlit by the community, the game itself can be improved with much needed setting changes and most issues with startup can be prevented by allowing of the joshua.exe which may may see as a virus, of which of course it is not.I recommend this game to anyone who plays games such as Europa Universalis IV, as its a Modern Day Simulation built on the basis of real information in the time it was set, on release before Steam it had bugs and so on, but doesn't every game? Which have been on a constant fix since the games release and reviews by gamers such as myself have decided to help bring this game forward with the hope of SuperPower 3.The game itself focuses on the year 2001 start date, where you take a country in the world and forge an empire, either through your politics, economy or military, just remember that when you take over the world, there is nothing left to take over! The game itself is the sort of game that puts you into a Multiplayer experience unlike any other, where you can RolePlay (RP) country politics, such as terrorists in Iraq or Russia invades Ukraine like the real world, the game itself is a brilliant Modern Day Simulator and I have played literly every game in this time period and will say, this is the best I have ever seen, I just dream of the day of the release of SuperPower 3.How can you go wrong for £7.19 - £8.99 or less, depending on what it is for this review? Usually they charge huge prices for games like this, its a bargain in my personal opinion.I hope to see you online! Get the game and lets start playing!"
,Recommended,282400,14968912,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mop,">be Canada>Pull economy out of the gutter, have 7 trillion in 6 years>muh Nazi Germany strategy>China declares war on me for no reason>Spend 3 years keeping them out of Quebec>I win every battle>China has lost 75% of its army fighting me>About to win the war>Game over, I lost the elections11/10"
,Recommended,282400,9863651,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Strigon,I got Russia and US to be allies and we nuked the EU11/10
76561198036289989,Recommended,282400,18428742,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nickkk,"Started as USA- Rebuild the economy , all the people like me- Build more units , and design a few- I think i can use Mexico , i annexed Mexico- I think i can use Cuba , i annexed Cuba- Everbody still like me , poltical power is trough the roof- Destroyed and annexed a couple more countries in Central America- Maybe we should attack Canada , because why not ?- Europe starts to hate me , and starts sending troops- Annexed Canada , and fire nukes on Great Britain- Lots of units killed by nuke attack- China declares war , nuked China11/10 would start WW3 and WW4 again"
76561198014342495,Recommended,282400,12271611,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,*TheChancellor*,favorite game! They need to make a Superpowr 3! I would pay double the price of a regular game if they did.
76561198260956380,Recommended,282400,25540371,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Banana slips on man,MAKE SuperPower3!!
76561198115392307,Recommended,282400,9861502,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,KorK,"As an old user of this game since 2009, it is very exciting to get its steam edition with lots of improvement. It does not only still sustain its own strong points, which are noticeably distinguished from other strategy games, but also gets free from some previous unrealistic and exaggerating weakness. If you prefer to strategic game genre, this game is worth being played."
,Not Recommended,282400,15916526,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dank Hill,"Superpower 2 has a great concept, having the potential of dominating the entire Earth. Which is different from pretty much any game I've ever seen (except Shadow President). I love this game, I love everything about it. So you may be wondering ""Why did you not recommend this game?"".You see this game is perfect in every way (like I have said) apart from one major flaw which kills the game, puts it in a coffin and buries it in the ground. You can only play this game for a short amount of time after paying money for it. I played it for around 5 minutes before it crashed. And I'm not the only one. If you go onto the forum page, you'll find hundreds of accounts of the game crashing or the game encountering a fatal error. And most of them are from 2014. It is now 2015 and the game still isn't fixed!Because of this, it is absolutely impossible for me to give this game a positive review as I can only play it for about 2 minutes before I get forced to stop for having too much fun. The game had potential. The game could have been something special."
,Recommended,282400,33489489,Posted: 12 July,all,Bulletdrop Doesn't Exist,">start as Germany>have friend play Iceland>buy 100,000 Leo 2A5 units>buy 75,000 Pzh 2000 units>train 2,000,000 regular infantry>get about 200 nukes>have 2nd friend join and play as US>get 2nd friend to give California for 10$>pass on debt to Iceland>1st friend somehow gives the debt to Canada>invade Austria, Hungary, and Slovakia>invade Romania, Serbia, Croatia, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Albania>ignore that Iceland is buying nukes and all drugs>ignore that America has become a dictatorship>invade Poland (insert WWII joke here)>move one single infantry over the French border>everyone still alive in Europe finally declares war>regret decision>have America nuke Japan, Iceland nuke UK, and Germany nuke Russia>regret decision again11/10 would pass crippling debt to Canada again"
,Recommended,282400,28501750,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,lordvad3r95,"I conquered the Middle East as the Vatican, 10/10 would Deus Vult again."
76561198120599119,Recommended,282400,11697574,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,The Jewish Pope,"I got this game two days ago when it was on sale for $2.49. I thought it would be one of those games you get, play once, and then never touch it again, and I though; well I’d play that for two and a half hours so I guess it was worth it. I then went in and did the tutorial and then got into the game. Automatically I chose America, like most people who choose their home country, and at an instant I realized I was dead wrong, this game is absolutely amazing.In this game you control one of over 150 countries; you manage their politics, economy, and military while dealing with debt, invasion, terrorism, natural disasters, and nuclear annihilation. Politics allow you to create treaties, change laws, and change your government (for instance democracy to communism). In your economy you will first have to get your country out of debt, then you have to manage your budget, inflation, interest, income tax, resource production, financial aid and agreements, and trade. Finally, military; your military can be either your life saver or your demise depending on your economy and diplomatic relations. In your military you can build, buy, sell, and deploy troops and vehicles. Besides that you can design your own units and research more technology for better stats on your designed units. If you are have a problem with another country why not strike them with your entire nuclear arsenal or send covert ops into their country and wreak havoc on their product and economy.But this game isn't perfect. The games multiplayer doesn't run unless you open unsecure ports on your router. Your military can't invade a country unless your navy is 750 km away from your enemy’s shore, but if they have even a single boat within 1500 km of your navy you can't invade and occasionally the enemies ships don’t appear and you can't make a land invasion, which is beyond frustrating. But besides that I haven't run into to many other problems.So is this game worth your $10? Yes. Would I recommend you wait until a sale? Not necessarily, it would be better if you did but this game is worth the full price. I've played this game for roughly 14 hours and t has become one of my favorites."
,Recommended,282400,12590413,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,The Savage Beast,"I first played this game on disc back in 2004, and was super excited to see it rereleased for Steam. To be honest, there's still a ton I don't understand about it. But, when you have the ability to press a big red button and nuke your enemies to kingdom come, it's worth 9.99 in my book."
76561198060562373,Recommended,282400,15695133,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,halfg33k,"Started as Kazakhstan, took over most of the Middle East, China, and most of Southern Asia. Then I got ballsy and tried my luck with Russia. The entire world immediately declared war on me. Within a year I went from the strongest military ever known to mankind to being militarily occupied by the entire world.10/10 Would copy Napoleon's mistakes again."
76561198156383016,Recommended,282400,17782288,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ater,"Generally bad community, hard to learn, not visually appealing at all, multiplayer games are taken very seriously. Overall I would say its a bad game. But they did something right, because I keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,282400,23213479,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,IAMHEREFTW,> Plays as North Korea> Invades South Korea> Wins> China Declares on me> lose all my units to China> Buy units on Black Market> Sneak past China's forces in Pyongyang> Take China's land> Veitnam Joins China> Send reinforments into China> Beat back Veitnam's forces and take there land> China comes out of hiding from Pyongyang> Lose all my units to China> Rebuild another army from the Black Market> Engage China> See that I might lose all my troops to China again> Back to Black Market> Drive myself deeper into debt> Turns out I didn't need any reinforcements> Wins war> Annexation of China and Veitnam> Everyone hates me> Try balancing my trilion dollar expenses> Put all my units up for sale> Japan declares war on me> Take all of my units off of sale> See that Japan has a larger airforce and navy rank than me> Goes to Black Market and buys anti aircraft guns and more ships> Japan invades> Wait until my new units are trained up before deploying any> See that Japan might take all of my territory before my new units are trained> Deploy my already trained units> Look for my just deployed units> Can't find my just deployed trained units> Finds out Japan took all my regions> Can't do anything> Think about loading the autosave> It autosaves> Shut off my laptop and ragequitMoral of the story?Don't trust the autosaves.Now like this review because of my cat photo ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,282400,13060455,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Randy Stair,Made food illegal 11/10
,Recommended,282400,17493602,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Canadaball,"I decieded to remake this review, as the previous one was a bit disorganized.Wasting more than 1000 hours of my life on this game, I hope you can trust me with this review. That being said, welcome to Superpower 2. Superpower 2 is a ""geopolitical simulator"" sandbox game, you can design and build units, wage war, annex territories and entire nations, and a whole lot more. All in all, you play as the country you'd like.Now I can't stress this enough, this game is made in 2001. There will be broken things, but you can overcome them (more about that in a bit), and a word of advice, if the game doesn't work for you, don't write a damn negative review. Just because the game doesn't work for you doesn't mean it'll work for others.There is singleplayer and multiplayer. Singleplayer can be fun for a while, but the AI is incredibly stupid and doesn't do much, add to the fact that there are long-term bugs in the vanilla game, singleplayer gets really boring.Multiplayer is the GO TO place for this game. Or atleast, if you want to have real fun and challenges. Now, there are plenty of bad servers that go up through the day with abusive hosts, but there are also RP servers. RP as in roleplay. Now some are good, and some are bad. But assuming you know a thing or two about geopolitics, they can be a HELL lot of fun. Despite playing through hundreds of them, each experience is different. Some games don't last long and are really boring, whilist others are really intense.The drawback is that its really hard to get into, espicially since you do need some experience prior to getting into the servers that I'd personally recommend. As for the bugs in this game, the game CAN be modded and there are plenty of mods. This fixes the games bugs and can make the game way more fun. There's one for present day, cold war, WW2, and I'm working on WW1 right now.That being said, I can't really recommend this game for everyone, I was little when I first discovered this game and waited years for it to be greenlit, I do not regret buying this, I've made so many friends here. Nonetheless, if you're interested in geopolitics, and think you might be getting into some good stuff, by all means, buy it. It's not that expensive, either.The only real downsides I can say is that once you get used to it, the game is not very complex. And there are some ""bugs"" (i.e stackdropping) that mods cannot overcome. But these can be overlooked fairly easily."
,Recommended,282400,22929240,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Tenguninja,"to be honest when i first got the game i didnt really understand how to economy worked, so i played the game for a while but kept losing and i just could never figure out how the economy worked, so i looked up a video on youtube and it showed me how to get the economy working and ever since then its been the game i've played the most, its a real challenge.if you like RTS games or management games this is one to buyThe sense of statisfaction you get from playing it is unbelievable,  i started with south africa and conquered most of africa before the russians launched a full scale invasion but i really cannot recommend this game enough 5 Stars+"
76561198095978871,Recommended,282400,29557619,Posted: 28 January,all,Jesus,MAKE SUPERPOWERS 2 GREAT AGAIN!
76561198077433122,Recommended,282400,16375041,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DarthStanObama,"I played two games, one of which I am still actively playing.Game #1 as the US of A:Change internal laws; allow same-sex marriage, allow polygamy and child-labor in hopes of increasing approval, that fails and I change them back to not allowed.-Invades Northern Mexico, Occupying The top to mid Mexico.-Designs an Aircraft Carrier named after myself the Stan### #. ######.-Launches naval campaign in Gulf of Mexico with that carrier and most expensive fleet.-Launches Simultaneous naval campaign on Pacific side of Mexico.-Launches simultaneous naval campaign to Middle East.-Finds out it's too much work to send troops after fleet near middle-east and brings the fleet home.-Launches troop invasion into southern Mexico after naval bombardments and begins invade Central America.-Takes over Mexico.-A lot of flipping countries get mad an attempt espionage, all of which fail.-Takes over Central America, except Panama.-Gets maddened of continuous population is turning on you notifications and nukes the UK, leaving the British Military Shattered.-A LOT OF FRICKING COUNTRIES GET BEYOND PISHED OFF. Basically most European countries are hostile to the US.-China, UK, Carribean, Japan, South Korea...etc etc. are Hostile and Send troops.-Fleets are all destroyed and half of the USA is occupied by Asians, Brits, and other countries.-Asks Russia for help, Is denied, and is very angry, because US is spiraling to British and Asian control. Thinking about nuking Russia.20/10As the USSR: Looks at the political charts sees they are terrible, launches nuclear strike on Ukraine/ Crimea. Takes over the countries. Makes cultural exchange with US.Beautiful game, if you want to f-up a country and destroy half the world this is for you."
,Recommended,282400,31227934,Posted: 18 April,all,(((Semyon The Great))),National elections won by Taliban
,Recommended,282400,14438301,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Kaiser1871,"Boosted the Bahamian economy to unbelievable heights, with my citizens making over $310 000 per year, and the minerals industry bringing in $400 billion every couple of months. Invaded Cuba for more resources and minio- I mean... people. Continued to expand my empire into Mexico, annexed it and moved my capital from Nassau to Mexico City. I've got the biggest army in the entire world, and my next target... is.... the United... States... of.... Jamaica. Bring it on!"
76561198027284600,Recommended,282400,14194961,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Luigi Verazzano Provolone,"Played as Italy, waited a century for the game's economy to break, and bought Texas for 100$. 42/0"
,Recommended,282400,21606654,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,GENE•SIS,Wanna play as a Country? Get Superpower 2Wanna take over the world? Get Superpower 2Wanna play as Donald Trump? Get Superpower 2Wanna control and make laws? Get Superpower 2Wanna destroy the Earth? Get Superpower 2Wanna spend days and nights without sleeping? Get Superpower 2Wanna waste your money on something worth wasting? Get Superpower 2
76561197992206547,Recommended,282400,25512012,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,B00tsy,"A decent 2004 game if you can get past the frequent crashes (every hour) and you are willing to take the time to get the hang of the weird and flawed economy system. You basically have to abuse the economy system and abuse the design flaws to have a working economy.I bought it for 2 bucks, it's okay for that price."
76561198097714524,Recommended,282400,25627289,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Noir,"Me: Play's US.Me: Raises incoming tax to 90%.Me: Get's US out of 1.1$ Trillion Debt.Me: Starts invasion of world.Me: Canada, Central America, and South America were easy dominations.Me: Starts invasion of Africa.Me: This is going quite well.Russia: ""Nukes US""Me: Sends retaliation strikes against Russia approximately 100 Missiles.Me: Thinks it's a good idea to send entire military to invade Europe and Russia.China: ""Declares war and invades mainland United States.""Me: Brings remaining troops back to mainland United States.Me: Looks at all of the territory the Chinese took.Me: Asks China for peace.China: ""No.""Me: Watches rest of United States conqured by the Chinese.Me: Gives up and tries again as South Africa.10/10 Would definitely watch the entirety of the United States crumble before my eyes."
76561198021418970,Recommended,282400,10348913,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,GenArdolf ☭,"SuperPower 2 has to be the best Geo-Political Grand Strategy-esque game I have ever played. This game is almost a genre of its own. My first game I thought I would start off playing as the Congo (Not to be confused with the Democratic Republic of the Congo, our big neighbor to the east) to give myself a bit of an extra challenge. It turns out that I accidentally picked the easiest country to play as in Sub-Saharan Africa. Compared to the DRotK's whopping GDP per Capita of 52$/year, the Congo seemed cozy at ~14k/capita/year. You don't need to know all of the terminology and the geography involved with Geo-Politics (although it does help) because the game has a tooltip function that is both concise and descriptive enough to be a very useful tool. One of my favorite aspects of the game has to be designing my own military units. Although the number of parts of designing the look of your unit is limited, modifying the stats is where the fun comes in. You can make your unit a cheap, low quality overall or high quality specific, or an expensive, all-around excellent machine. The detailed political system in the game models International organizations like the EU, NATO, WHO, and many, many, MANY others. And if that isn't enough, you can start your own! Finished developing your nation in Africa yet? Go ahead and start the African Union and limit membership to African nations only, and help your struggling brethren climb out of the hole that you yourself just emerged from. Then, form an alliance with your fellow African nations to form a strong military coalition that can threaten even NATO. Or, you can take advantage of the struggling nature of your fellow African nations and use your advantageous position and conquer them all and have all of Africa for yourself, you evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ;). Don't worry about the age of the game, the game, unlike others its age, has stayed compatible through the ages, and will work up to Windows 8 x64 (what I have), so do not fret. This game will run at maximum performance on your common everyday laptop (also what I have XD), so there is really no reason to not get it unless you are simply uninterested in the topic of the game. And hey! If you are a heathen 'Merican pig like me, this game will help you learn about foreign politics and also the good it could do for the US and the rest of the world if we trimmed our military budget down to a reasonable size, and began investing in healthcare and more foreign aid. :D 10/10 would play Turkey and get annexed by Iran, then launch my ICBM's from my last province and kill 90% of their population in a last-minute ""♥♥♥♥ you too, buddy!"" again."
,Recommended,282400,11437542,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Zardoz,NEVER TOUCH THE BIG RED BUTTON.
,Recommended,282400,13035826,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Yureina,"Bwee. This be similar to the grand strategy titles made by Paradox, except it is set in the present day and has no real time limit. Like those Paradox games, you can pick any country you choose and you more or less choose your own objectives. Unlike the Paradox games however, SP2 is chiefly a multiplayer game since the AI isn't very good and either brings countries to ruin or become completely outclassed by player-controlled countries to such a degree that there is little real challenge in solo games. Therefore if you are no fan of multiplayer, I would probably avoid this game.But... the multiplayer can be pretty good in this game when you get a good group of players together, and there are enough people still playing this that you can get good games fairly often. However, if you are looking to play this game online, extensive knowledge of the nations you play and the modern world in general is pretty much required. Hosts for this game tend to be elitist and have few qualms about kicking and banning people who play 'unrealistically' in their games. While this may sound obnoxious (and it sorta is), this also helps keep games interesting rather than just devolving into world war nukefests that, while fun the first time, rapidly loses its appeal after that. In other words, the multiplayer for this game is ideal for people with in-depth knowledge about the modern geopolitical scene and are able to apply that knowledge to their gameplay.The game itself is pretty solid and does not take too long to learn, but there are numerous issues. Aside from the AI being generally bad, runtime errors can ruin your fun and crash your game with virtually no warning. The world economy tends to destroy itself after a few decades, though mods try to fix this and are almost always used in multiplayer games. The game does send ""mails"" about high-priority events like economic problems or the use of nuclear weapons, but other events, such as when other nations start a nuclear program or even when wars break out, can slip by almost totally unnoticed.Lastly, the game is lacking some critical elements that are major parts of the modern world, such as the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty that keeps almost every country in the world from building nuclear weapons. This is something that would be particularly useful for multiplayer games, where too many people build secret nuke stockpiles that can end up ruining games because the lack of information the game gives about them. This can result in a small nation building a giant nuke stockpile, and then using it, without anyone else having the faintest idea this was going on until it was too late. From my observations, secret nuclear stockpiles and their usage are a major cause for multiplayer games ending early, with few people wanting to play after a nuclear apocalypse.Overall, SP2 is a competent and deep multiplayer strategy game that, nevertheless, has enough glaring issues to lead me to suggest that anyone looking to buy this game should think carefully about it (and probably wait for a sale). When played right, it is an excellent game with endless amounts of replay value. But since these good games rely on every other player in the game not acting like a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ patience and a willingless to put up with some annoyances is also necessary to enjoy this game. But if you are able to endure all the irritants that this game and its players can throw your way, then you will find an often very fun experience awaiting you. :)"
,Recommended,282400,19774105,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,macfarmville,">start as china>make multi party democracy>people like me>i don't like my people though>close borders>china y?>raise taxes>bruh>child labor permitted>contrception illegal>abortion illegal>gay marrige illegal>make all rescources illegal except for cereal>only budget is a small amount of rescources>which is cereal>world gets kinda mad>i am now cereal nation>send spies to america to sabotage cereal and blame it on mexico>sucsess>sabotage mexicos cereal and blame it on canada>sucsesssss>war eventually breaks out>russia begins to sneak towards america>#nukescope>UN joins against russia>US nukes canada too>UN goes nuts>GB nukes france>France nukes Russia>2 hours later>Most of Asia doesnt have a military>i expand my cereal nation, unharmed>im so happy about what happened>im crying tears of joy>those tears become depressed>my life gets blurry>my monitor is suddenly smashed>keys fly off my keyboard>didnt get re-elected10/10 Get this."
,Recommended,282400,34887546,Posted: 11 September,all,Donlot,-Plays Switzerland-be very Peacefull-wait till i get 150 Billion-Buy Mongolian Land from Mongolia-they Accept because they're poor and in debt-Mongols Love me because i gave them money-Mongols accept all my Technologies for half of Mongolia-Make all Languages exept for Mongolian Illegal-NEW SWISS MONGOL EMPIRE
76561198116108751,Recommended,282400,34720385,Posted: 3 September,all,Alberto Barbosa,Banned Islam in France.Banned all far right and far left parties.Laicité ftw 1789/10
,Recommended,282400,9957874,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sporkmonger,"It's a little outdated, and a bunch of the strings appear to have been translated incorrectly from French, but the game itself is awesome. This is by far the best superpower simulator (way, way better than ""Us&Them"") currently available. That said, there are some easy-mode almost cheaty things the game lets you do that can ruin the experience a bit. Civilian espionage is probably top of that list. It's far too easy right now to build a super-power from nothing by spying on the civilian sectors of larger countries that do not employ large spy networks. India and Taiwan are great examples. Spy a few times on each sector and suddenly you've got a trade surplus in those areas without having to make massive capital investments. That said, turning a tiny Pacific Island nation into a massive nuclear superpower is part of this game's attraction, so a little unrealism can be forgiven."
,Recommended,282400,9879818,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Quiet_Monkey,"There is no other way to put it, if you have any interest in geopolitics, history or just wondered what would happen if the US were to launch all their nukes into a random country than this game is for you! I first got this game at a EB games (When those were still around haha) and I loved it except for the fact it was more buggy than a camping trip and crashed so often I thought it was in the code. Well with this Steam version all those problems has been addressed. I haven't had a single issue when it comes to game breaking bugs or glitches and in fact the game runs a lot smoother and faster than the box version.For those who haven't even heard of this gem, it is a geopolitical simulator that goes deeper than any other geopolitical simulator I have ever played. You will lose hours micromanaging your country from internal laws that can affect foreign relations, to trying to balance your economy. All of which is important if you want to build or maintain your Superpower status. You can set the game up as you like either playing premade sceienos or by setting up a sandbox game. But if you are feeling lonely sitting on your throne, Superpowers 2 offers a multiplayer side too.Superpowers 2 is a unquie simulator that just got it second chance at gaming life. This game is pure politics, pure simulation, and pure fun. If you are a fan of the Civ games or any kind of politcal simulator than this is a must buy for you."
,Recommended,282400,9873135,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Gotagetgoing,"I'm just gonna let everyone know what my opinion is on the game.I love it. It's one the best geopolitical simulators out there, if not the best.But, fact is, while I'm extremely happy that it's released on Steam, it's still a broken mess. These ""features"" for Steam are already present in the non-steam version as mods (modifications for the base game), it's not new. For whatever reason the fullscreen option has been removed (yes you heard that right you can play with fullscreen on the non-steam version), and the widescreen resolutions (which was also present in the non-steam version) are still broken.I love this game, I really do, but unless the developers fail to adress these issues, it is going to fail. I can recommend it, but do not expect a game superior to the GolemLabs version, the Steam release might boost this game up in popularity, but the word has to come out that this game still has problems that are not yet addressed by the developers.Also, the screenshots on the store page do not represent the game at all, they are early screenshots of the game released by GolemLabs."
,Recommended,282400,13705367,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lil Durk,"Good:Took over 90% of the worldBanned every religion and language except englishPopulation is 70% satisfied.Actually really fun and somewhat realistic.Has Socio-Economic and Military actions unlike most Paradox Games that are outJesus this game is fun.Bad:Wherever you click will click somewhere else nearby (which sucks, kind of breaks my game).***EDIT***Aspect Ratio fixed in comments*******Could* get boring after a while5/5"
,Recommended,282400,31549163,Posted: 4 May,all,BeepBeepImAJeep,"So I was playing as Spain and decided to conquer Europe. But before I could do that I had to eliminate the USA army because they are in an aliance with 90% of the european countries. So I spent the next 15 years with max investment in strategic weapons to get my nukes to lvl 7 range and damage. And after building up a decent army I figured it is now or never. Boi was I wrong....So when I launched all 500 nukes everything turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Did I target USA, YES. Did I accidentally click on my country just before I laucned it, YES. Am I about to exterminate my entire population, YES. So as soon as the nukes were launched the entire northern hemisphere declared war on me and their missle defence started to shoot down my nukes. I was so happy, they were going to save me from annihilation, but so i thought... after the remaining nukes landed, France, USA and Russia launched their entire arsenal at my country!!!! WTF, they just saved me by shooting down my nukes just so that they can nuke me themself?!?!?!.If you want a real world simulator, don't play this game. If you want to laugh so hard that you cry then this is for you.This game is ment to be played multiplayer with friends on discord/skype and with MrMonday's mod.PS. after all the nukes my per capita dropped from 37 thousand to 1.2 thousand. And 2/3's of my population is dead. And no, I did not conquer europe, but instead china conquered me. Yeah, so I guess China is in Europe now."
76561198155109554,Recommended,282400,33711778,Posted: 21 July,all,Subfusca,"Iso nearlydidn't buy this game. But I'm so glad that I did. I was looking for something of a certain kind of niche genre, and it sounded like SuperPower 2 was exactly what I was looking for. But then I started reading the reviews, and read through the first few pages, which at the time were filled with mostly negative ones, speaking of a game that was mortally wounded by utterly game-breaking bugs and frequent crashes.Disappointed, I continued my search for other games. I came across a few that sounded promising; RealPolitik, GPS etc, but once again, reading the reviews, it seemed that desite their grand intentions -- all of these great sounding titles were fatally flawed with varying degrees of gameplay issues.A few days later, I still felt the pull towards SP2, and came back for another read. I don't know if it was (unintentionally) my settings, but this time the first few pages were full of mostly positive reviews, which led me to the discovery of the Realism2016 mod, and that the vast majority of all those bugs I'd read about had actually long since been fixed by a dedicated modding community. So I took the plunge, and gave it a try.I'm in the year 2147 currently, playing as Palestine -- and I'm delighted to report that my game has not crashed at all at any point. Not one single crash, or any game-breaking bugs in sight. Theworstthing that I've seen occur so far, is when moving units around on the map, maybe they don't always end upexactlywhere I wanted them, but seriously, it's a minimal margin of error on most occasions, and certainly not something that cannot be easily lived with, when considering all that this game gives back for the investment of your time. And it will certainly guzzle up large portions of that, if you let it. ;)  It is extremely immersive, and an engaging musical score really adds to the feeling of playing.This game's depth and complexity is majestic. If you enjoy a game that asks for a lot of investment from you in your attention to the finest of details in order to be truly successful - but rewards you in great measure for your efforts - then I'd imagine you'll derive a lot of enjoyment from SuperPower 2. I have found it to be thoroughly absorbing, and you can become so deeply involved within it, that hours of (real) time have slipped by almost unnoticed.Due to its vast intricacies, this is primarily a game for intelligent, patient and thoughtful people if you really want to get the most out of it; but then if all you want to do is just jump straight into inflaming a global thermonuclear war, to hell with the economy and all your people who empower it -- and everything else is simply extraneous collateral damage -- well, I guess there's even something in it for you too. ;)  But why you would wish to destroy such a beautifully rendered interactive world, I cannot fathom. :)TLDR: Don't be put off by the many negative reviews that write this game off as broken and unplayable. With the dedicated modding community working to keep this great classic game up to date, all major game-breaking bugs have been fixed, and from the time of writing in the (gametime) year 2147 - not had a single crash so far. The game works almost perfectly (show me one that isever100% bug-free?), at least on this windows 7 machine anyway.A very deep and complex game which can offer you endless hours of enjoyment if you're prepared to invest in learning the underlying mechanisms of effectively operating the State Machinery; or -- if you just want to blow sh*t up -- there is plenty of fun to be had there for you too. ;)Directions: Purchase. Update with theRealism2016mod. Enjoy."
,Recommended,282400,12285028,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Count Dregula,"If you want to control a country to greatness or just to see it's demise, this is for you. 193 countries... Think about that for a second. Thats 193 countries to control, and 1 for you to conquer with.Great game, 9/10 strategyonly bad thing, is that the AI is kinda noobish, and when you invade a country it'll send all its military into that one battle. This doesn't happen ALL the time, but at some times it does."
,Recommended,282400,13048759,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Vypr,"I have the first Super Power on disc. It's a simple game where you get to essentially pick a country and rule the world. There is really no way to fail other thanUnexpectedly get invaded by every other nation on earth because you are growing too powerfulGet nuked by every other country that has nukes, without warning, because once again you have grown too powerful.In Superpower 2, you could say that the difficulty has been ramped up exponentially.NATO, controlling over 1/3 of the countries, is extremely powerful and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥them off will have you bombarded with assassination and espianage attempts every fifteen seconds. If you try to invade a NATO country, this is exactly what will happen to you. It is very annoying.Additionally, you have to really, really work hard to manage your resources as they will be the determining factor of economic growth. And thusly, how much stuff you can research and churn out of your factories.If you are ethnically anything other than American or Chinese, and you want to see your ethnicity rule the world (or at least part of it) this game will be excruciatingly hard for you. You will definitely want to save after every invaded country. I have yet to make it past invading Slovenia as Hungary, simply because I'm getting roughly 50 messages every minute because of either the US, Germany, England or France throwing as many covert ops units as they can at me simply because I decided to redraw some borders.Like I said, it's very, very hard."
,Recommended,282400,10503355,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Demoness Skye,Still a better love story then Defcon.
,Not Recommended,282400,17231001,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,็,"I love the possibilites of the game, but every time I play it crashes. I am right about to make Austria German when sudd- CRASH. 11/10 had it not been for the crashes. Instead 6/10."
,Recommended,282400,10398714,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,KaoticPopTartz,"Boden is the Gandhi of SP2, 10/10 would get invaded by Canada again"
,Recommended,282400,13915110,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Big And Good Boy,Good game for any lover of geopolitical strategy games
,Recommended,282400,15296939,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Lucas,"Superpowers 2 is the best and probably only global world simulator in which you are in charge of monitoring and changing a country by means of Politically, Militarly and Economically. You can choose to be in charge of over 150 countries which are officially recognised by the United Nations before and on 2001. You can choose to be to control a small third world country on the verge of economic collapse, or you could be a well built and supreme booming first world country. There is no difficulty level on this game, it all depends on what country you choose to control. There is also multiplayer for the game, although not many people choose this option most likely due to the lack of players who play this game. You need to know before you do this, you can't just play it, understand it quickly and finish it quickly, this game requires a lot of concentration and understanding. You need to do the tutorials a few times to understand the game and how to perform will at the game. I recommend that if you don't like concentrating at a game for a few hours, you shouldn't really play this game. I really like this game and have enjoyed every single hour of it. I was skeptical of buying this game at first purely due to how old it was, but I was hooked within a few hours and absolutely love how you can conquer countries, research nuclear weapons, research weapons, become a superpower, build a massive economy, become a communist, military or even a monarchy state and much, much, much more can be done with this game. Here are my pros and cons quickly narrowed down.PROS:- Over 150+ countries to choose from.- Multiplayer.- Nuke other countries.- Research tanks, APC's, mobile launchers, air defences, bombers, fighter aircraft, attack aircraft, patrol boats, submarines etc. and then build them.- Watch how you crush other countries.- Annexing option to conquer countries is available.- LAN option.- Very cheap on some Steam sales.CONS:- Old graphics.- Some countries names and flags are outdated.- Sometimes some countries won't attack you or even bothering defending if you have an extremely strong military.- Infantry units are effectively useless.- Requires a lot of concentration and effort.- Multiplayer has very few players.Overall, very good game but requires a lot of concentration. 9/10."
76561198026750951,Recommended,282400,12092123,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,luc11223,"Very good game, a good balance between realism and fun. Every nation has the potential to take of the world if you know what you are doing.The Idea that you can design new units to your liking is also very nice.Economy is easy to get a hold of in this game, Putting taxes at 80% and adjusting the spending sliders will get almost any nation to be debt free ina matter of years ingame."
,Not Recommended,282400,9887165,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Ethan Zoromir,"I have absolutely no idea how this game recieved positive reviews. It is riddled with an insane amount of bugs, often which make the game unplayable.The user interface is shocking, unintuitive and incredbly basic. You are incredibly limited in what you do.There is absolutely no realism, you set your taxes to 80% and you take a popularity hit - ride the wave out for a few months (with no negative effects) and then your back with high support and rolling in cash.There is also no realism with ""treaties"" either. Want to enter the EU, but defy every requirement? No worries, just request to join and they will most likely accept.Warfare? Absolutely ridiculous. Disband your army, hire a new one with max stats and train them to be ""elite"". You can steamroll over the entirity of Europe (as Denmark) and the AI will constantly send small amounts of troops against your troops and destroy themselves with no need to even use and strategy. Occupy countries in seconds, force an annexation of all of europe and the whole world won't bat an eyelid.Want to get America out of debt quickly? Just reduce all public spending for a few years, before you know it you have trillions in the bank and the public STILL votes for you in the next election (even with them having 80% taxes).Horrible, HORRIBLE game - I severely regret buying this."
,Recommended,282400,11619605,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Coffeeccubus,"SuperPower 2 is pretty much eRepublik on your desktop without having to go on a browser. The game itself is pretty much that game you'd play if you want a political simulation roleplay. Pretty much, this game is more of a simplified Summer 2001 version of eRepublik. The modding in the game can be pretty hard if you don't know how to use the GL Editor right (since its full of errors) and the game can be quite laggy even on single player. However, if you want a good roleplay Poltiical simulator, this is the game for you, and honestly, I can't wait for more patches, and wait for the upcoming Superpower 3. This is pratically the only game that makes you in command of a country in real life."
,Recommended,282400,21989235,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Panteri,"If you enjoy looking at maps from a Google Earth perspective and love playing Civilization games, then this game is for you. I really enjoy this game, I got addicted to it to the point of having to cool down from it. I played 21 hours straight as soon as I got the game. I found this game from /pol/, and I thought I'd give it a try. The generalization of the game is that you can pick any country recongnized by the UN from 2001, and then build up its economy and military power. You really have to be careful with the national budget as every country starts off in debt, meaning you have to instantly pull your country out of it and fast. Failure to do so in under 10 minutes and you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Aside from economy I mentioned military. You can custom build your own vehicles, how many of them you want, build you own nuclear missle defenses, the whole nine yards. You can also make and break treaties, but be very cautious in doing so. Overall, this is a 10/10 game for me, I love it, love it, love it."
,Recommended,282400,29089730,Posted: 7 January,all,ThatOneCasualPlayer36915,"I've played this game for a few days now and so far it's pretty good i've not yet seen any glitches in this game if you want to move your armies just send them to Antarctica and click the destination, i've forged one empire in this game and so on. You see for a 2004 game it's pretty good i recommend you should play it thanks for reading :)"
,Recommended,282400,23190683,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Captain Crack Shack,"Well it's purely simple. You can run a country, invade people, turn america into a super-extreme North Korean governement, and you can start global thermonuclear war. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,282400,23675383,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ZohiusGaming,Great classical geopolitical simulation game probably the best one on steam and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes that genre of games. It is fairly in depth but easy to understand and allows you to play as 193 different countries.
76561198294293780,Recommended,282400,25732142,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Creeps Da Fox,mkes me realise why i should'nt be incharge of nuclear weapons
,Recommended,282400,30903472,Posted: 2 April,all,Signal Impulse,"I feel that SP2 was widely ignored as a game due to it's tab-essential gameplay, with reviewers calling this game a 'microsoft excel game', but it's much more than that. You can control almost any country in the world with the fun of singleplayer or multiplayer, aswell as have certain scenarios made for you by the devs themselves! There's also plenty of mods for this game which increase the fun! I've got over 200 hours, and aslong as you don't mind slow games... I think you will enjoy.8/10 in my opinion!"
,Recommended,282400,29659492,Posted: 2 February,all,Spetsnaz Spazz,Turned the United States into an Imperialist Communist State and conquered the entire western half of the earth using brutal military force.Truely Amazing.
76561198087163718,Recommended,282400,26226456,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Joddo,"Great game. Could maybe be more updated. Superpower 2 is a game for you if you like geopolitical games and you think can put a little bit of time in to learning the game, possibly only 30 minutes or so. Be aware that Superpower 2 is a older game."
,Recommended,282400,26705486,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The Grim Reaper,"SuperPower 2 may not look like much, but it is very good. The game allows you to pick from any country in the world and manage your economy, military, and your politics. You can pick from real political parties and even choose what type of government you have. It also allows you to legalize or delegalize certain things such as freedom of speech and women's rights. You can gain so much satisfaction from taking a small, third world country and making it a dominant superpower.Note: If you are having trouble moving your troops across the water to invade another country, move them to Antartica and then to where you wish to bring them. This actually works.One of my favorite things to do is restore the Soviet Union.."
,Recommended,282400,11703682,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,4SCORPION4RED4,"Eng game represents a HUGE country and politics simulator. as the war game maybe not so graphics but at least, it makes good feeling. The one bad thing I found in this game, is probably a damn bugs and glitches, nothing much as I think, Developers should think about bug and glitch fixes.Rus Игра представляет собой БОЛЬШОЙ симулятор политики и стран. В виде военной игры она не настолько графически хороша, но делает хорошое впечатление. Я заметил лишь одну плохую вещь в этой игре, это пожалуй баги и глитчи, пожалуй не большая проблема как я думаю, создатели должны подумать насчёт фиксов багов и глитчей.Rating\Оценка 9.9/10"
,Recommended,282400,15245994,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TheBurnz,Nuked my own population as China.15/10 would genocide again.
,Not Recommended,282400,9872944,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Foxy,So weird the game could be realy good but the bugs are just everywhere! If it was pre-release i´d say ok np but this has been out for a long time I think so... :( If they fixed all the bugs (especially with the finances) it would be so worth the money... as it is: NOT... :/
76561198030598611,Not Recommended,282400,13069162,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,-=WavE=-,"Random crashes every 5-10 minutes, requires lot of patience to play this game. Very sad, i feel like i could play for a hundred of hours.UPD: More over, after 25 hours in game, my save files got corrupted. Just great :(UPD2:  I just give the game a second chance:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=361525934"
,Recommended,282400,11786083,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,"Jakeman, Noble Citizen of London","It should first be noted that this game is ten years old, but still manages to perform and satisfy excellently.Superpower 2 allows the player to take on the role of any nation that exists in 2001 (Yes, even Vatican City/The Holy See) and guide it on its path to become a world superpower. It styles itself as a geopolitical simulator, and that is exactly what it is, although it plays more like a grand strategy game akin to Europa Universalis IV or Hearts of Iron III or a mixture of every Paradox Interactive grand strategy game ever made (although it should be noted that one cannot simply assume the role of a dynasty or a character like in Crusader Kings II). It has a very fleshed out diplomacy, military, economic and politics system, and one can even create organisations like NATO or the UN through a treaty system. It is also possible for said treaties to collapse (In one game played hours before this review was written as Britain, NATO collapsed after America withdrew). The AI is very interesting and games are random (in the aforementioned game Pakistan ended up nuking India and invading, for example).The one problem I have with this game is that there is a constant runtime error crash as of a recent update (I believe), and I am hoping that said crash will be fixed or a workaround found. I also want to congratulate Nordic Games on getting this great game on Steam.All-in-all, I would recommend this game to anyone who has the money - it's an excellent purchase."
76561198000040367,Recommended,282400,19592346,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,THCbakesME,I have loved this game since the beginning. No other game compares. It does however need to be updated!
76561198254887452,Recommended,282400,23252505,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,:|,"First thing first, I'm using Win7, and there's not too many crashes. However, one of my friends did have quite some crashes, for like every 10 minutes, and he's using Win8.Hope that help.And about the game, what can I say? It's great. Kinda out of date, of course, after all it's been made around 2004. But the game is still AWESOME. You can control any country, along with other 192 countries. And you can make your conutry better throughout developing the economic, or by conquering other countries. Either way it's too darn fun. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,282400,11039762,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,[☆•̪̀●́☭] SV Nagazi,"Back from the grave you seductive wench! HAVE AT YOU!*crash*....*run-time error**joshua.exe has corrupted your master file table**cpu overheat initalizing automatic shutdown*Oh SP2, sweet temptress how I missed our frustrated nights, and cold winter days."
,Recommended,282400,13602226,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Lexic,"I'm telling you this. (No **** sherlock.)Superpower 2 is unique. It has deep geographical technology which makes you zoom into the planet Earth to the point of seeing pixelated highways. While that may not be as cool as it sounds, look at the geography around it. Cool huh? But I am going to focus on the more 'economic' side of this game.SP2 goes in deep with the economic system of the country you picked, and the free will to change your country's market from state controlled, to mixed, to free market, which is pretty awesome considering you can almost take control of 6 sectors and either import or export the amount of the resource you have. Most games don't have such in-depth-ness-ness. You can adjust the spending of specific areas such as health care, education, infrastracture, environment, propaganda (If you plan to be a very, very evil country with a brainwashed populace.), and et cetera. You can adjust your interest levels and see how inflation is going in your country, and adjust the personal tax income to whatever you wish to get the most dough out of it, but it will always result in the cold shoulder of your populace, so be careful when you want to go over 60%.If you like to focus on the political aspects of this game, there isn't really much for you other than either legalizing/illegalizing a few dilemmas such as freedom of demonstration, freedom of speech, same-sex marriage, woman suffrage, polygamy, etc. But there are also the religions and languages, which you can either allow (Meh reaction from the populace in this religion/language), outlaw (I DON'T WANT THIS LEADER ANYMORE! reaction), or officialize (LEADER 4 LIFE! reaction). You can also participate and make various treaties, where it is also possible for you to play as Turkey and join the European Union with the approval of the countries inside the treaty.You don't like economic or political but the more military aspects of this game? Well then. NUKES! Yes. Who does not like nukes? I do like nukes. And so do you, probably. You can research military technology to make more military designs such as fighter aircraft, attack aircraft, tanks, bombers, infantry vehicles, artillery guns, and so on and so forth. There is also a ranking system that determines how strong you are compared to other nations, which is influenced by your technological prowess, which ranges from 1 to 10. If you plan to dominate the world with the US, best to start with a lvl. 10 technological level.And the most important thing?: There is multiplayer. FRIKKIN MULTIPLAYER!I would definitely recommend this game to anyone with a taste for taking control of a country and changing it around completely. The sky and the autarky bug are the limits! Maybe.10/10"
,Recommended,282400,13941699,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,melvingamer,I recommend people to play multiplayer because single player is a bit boring.This game is fun and very strange things happen like US supporting Switzerland with weapons with their wars in europe.ProsFun multiplayer experience.ConsLittle ammount of servers.Crashes with mod servers.
76561197992548139,Recommended,282400,9949450,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Terhonator,I recommend this game for people who like to micromanage things and are interested about politics and macroeconomics. For people who mostly play action games this can be the most boring game in the world. I'm big fan of economy and politics games such as Tropico4. Remember this game is not modern remake and this is published around year 2000!8 / 10
,Recommended,282400,18931243,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Foxminer87,"I will keep this shortPlay through both tutorials first and then (using youtube and guides to help you) play the beginner and intermediate political scenarios. THEN decide if you want to play more or get a refund.I found the tutorial easy, but didnt explain the economic or political side of the game. Even the beginner scenario for politics was difficult until i looked up how to do it and i realised that once you learn the basics the game is actually very fun and interesting.My recommendation to you is this: If after 90 mins, the tutorials and the scenarios and you still are not sure how to play, then get a refund as this game is not for you.I have been looking for a game like this for a long time now. And i am amazed that a game created in 2004 can still be fun even after 11 years. Well done!"
76561198010633637,Recommended,282400,18750915,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,✠Deser✞🅵☢⚔⚔M✠,"Super power has been alot of fun to play over the past 10 years, but this game needs a sequal a much more evolved one."
,Not Recommended,282400,16914503,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,I QUIT,Super F*ggots 2 Steam Edition.Worst strategy game you can ever buy.Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282400,28415220,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Zyna,Press the big red button
,Recommended,282400,11669412,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Einsys,"Of course I recommend this game because this is Superpower 2, but its pointing problem still remains. A point where I click with a mouse cursor always differs from the actual point where the game accepts, unless its screen ratio is not 4:3. Its fullscreen support is meaningless without fixing it."
,Recommended,282400,30099571,Posted: 22 February,all,Jebem ti 144P,"So this Game is Awesome!You start with a Scenario or a Country and manage everything you wan't!Laws,Military,Investments and more!Become a Dictator or a President!Become the worlds strongest nation!Conquer the world!End war!Start war!It's simple and cool!"
76561198082947467,Recommended,282400,32209231,Posted: 5 June,all,AlphaGrisby,"I definitely recommend this game, but I encountered stability problems on Windows 10, leading me to asking for a refund..."
76561198050868578,Recommended,282400,18985994,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Awesomeo4 #TheDreamIsDead,"Well, I've put 100 hours of my life into my game, so I believe it's time to send my opinion.Let's start with the pros:- Extensive Replayability- Short learning curve, easy to play- Huge options- Choices on what to do.And let's go with the cons:- Reported crashes, frequent crashes on the game- Very little/no chance that the game will ever be updated- No chance of a sequelThis game, is EXTREMELY fun, you can now finally live out your fantasy of turning North Korea into a superpower that matches the US in size and power! Or perhaps you wish to nuke Israel, get payback against China or even re-establish the apartheid in South Africa. This game really challenges you to make the future different, although it isn't THAT realistic, it still is fun.However, there are some issues, the saddest part of this game is that the company that made it, went bust (to my knowledge) so there will be no chance of a sequel unless another company picks it up. Also reports of widespread bugs that make the game unplayable, which is sad, the only patch, the 1st patch, was released, and you can expect no other updates.Overall I recommend it, it's heaps of fun, and for me, it works well. I just wish some of the most annoying bugs could be fixed and the game could be improved on."
,Recommended,282400,25373465,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kajun,you can buy an army of abrams as liechtenstein and overwhelm austria's military in two battlesyou can also ban condoms probably one of my favorite games of all time if it werent for the constant crashing
,Recommended,282400,12505965,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Popcorn Castro,pretty Fun Game. Run a Nation How you see fit Take the USA for one you don't like the current govement type turn it in to a single party state will never loseing the vote's no matter how the people will hate unless u cause a revote then well u ♥♥♥♥ed on that or become a theocracy rule you nation with a religion's govement kind of like the old mid age's papacy Don't like that be general of the army take over the nation with the military & turn it in to a Military Dictatorship low upkeep on the army force but hey if u going for taking over the world thing go for that or don't like Be the govement the USA would never be a Communist State Where the Red's have total Power Do as u damn well please & the best part is u Can do that with anyother nation in the world Hell u can even Be Somalia & do every thing i just said the idea's are endless hell if u really went to try u like be the Papacy it self & try to recame all of the old romen land's the game goes on for every so u can take u time with it or just steamroll Everything
,Recommended,282400,18269855,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Epicchunk,I feel let down by the developers. This is a really good game has has a good community that plays this game on a regular buisiness however in all of my time of having this game I have never seen an update or patch for the (numerous) bugs. We havn't even gotten word if there is going to be another superpower after this one and there seems to be little to no communication between the developers and the buyers. I do reccomend this game but I feel like its time is limited because people are eventually going to get sick of the bugs that will probably never get fixed.
76561198041736274,Recommended,282400,10003867,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Texas Toast,"Wow, this game is fantastic, hands-down THE best RTS I've played. My friend says that he'd play it over DEFCON, and with good reason. It's an RTS that has a great combination of economic, political, and military control for any nation of your choosing (The game takes place in the year 2001 though, so some nations may not have up-to-date flags, territory control, etc.).Pros:-Play as ANY nation. Some nations are harder to develop than others, but if you'd like to make Nepal or Sierra Leone a world superpower, then you can do it.-Game makes you feel like you're actually running a country. Multiple layers of depth are found under economy, politics, and military tabs. You can control things as intricate as raising taxes of vegetables and fruit for your nation.-The battle system is pretty well designed, with multiple types of vehicles with different uses and statistics. You can even design your own mechanical weapons.-If you manage to find a multiplayer roleplay server, the experience is greatCons:-The game doesn't come in full screen. It's not a huge issue to me, but devs said they're working on it for those who do mind.-The AI can act a little funky sometimes. Nations will sometimes declare war on nations 2 continents away for no reason.-I didn't find the game to be easily moddable, such as when I tried to install a ""modern-day setting"" mod that crashed the game upon startup. Maybe I did it wrong.-The multiplayer server lobby is glitched, with servers not being taken off the list despite them being shut down. I recommend going to the game's discussion site to find multiplayer servers.The game is well worth the $10, and devs are currently working on fixing some bugs it has, so I'm looking forward to playing more.9/10"
,Recommended,282400,27737791,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[Ξ[TFF]Ξ] Lamboman,"On sale for 2 and a half dollars, you are looking at a great entry level geo-political stratagy game. It is definitely a lot less complex than the big dogs like EU4 or Hearts of Iron, but it is a lot of fun. I recommend some mods to update the political landscape and units, because at default, it is looking at the world in the early 2000s and the world has changed quite a lot since then. Even if you are a veteran stratagy player, it could still be a lot of fun. The diplomatic options are pretty good, as well as economic management. Warefare is a bit lacking though. Since the enemy/ies usually send all of their units after you if you go to war, there isn't much room to win or lose; whoever has the biggest military usually wins. Mods can improve this to a certain extent, but it is still a bit poopy. Regardless, in all it would be silly not to recommend it at my current rate of just under 100 hours played for every dollar I spent on buying it."
76561197961278809,Recommended,282400,10959957,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bill Curtis,"Extremely unique, feels realistic, very open-ended strategy."
76561198067110005,Recommended,282400,11700857,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Pat5800,I was North Korea and I invade Sout Korea and China and made myself a world power 10/10
76561198078541385,Recommended,282400,11743352,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Louis Vuitton Don,"I recently purchased SuperPower 2 to play with friends, and right away I loved it. The  game seems to offer endless possibilities (especially when you're playing on a server with others), and each country you play as results in a different scenario each time.This game gives you everything you would want in a geopolitical simulator, and more. Choose a country, build alliances (among other treaties), start wars, conquer land, control your economy, military, goverment, and of course, build nukes. While it can be slow to start off, you can even turn countries like Kenya into economical powerhouses with a stacked military. Many reviews make it seem like this is easy to do, and this can be offputting to those looking for a realistic simulator. In reality, it is only easy if you are willing to put your country in billions of dollars of debt and anger every country on Earth, and this will eventually backfire.Despite all this, the game does have a tricky interface. It's not exactly welcoming to new users, as there is a lot of menus and options to choose from, but this is expected in such a complex game. Of course, as many people complain, this game has its share of bugs, and your screen resolution can cut out most of the battle screen, but this is abosolutely not a reason to overlook this game.Overall, if you are going to buy this game, I reccomend that you do it with friends, because it makes things much more interesting, but singleplayer is fun as well. For the price of $10, you are easily getting a good deal."
,Recommended,282400,20749787,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,☪☆★DaNgErShoTT2★☆☪,Game is super ''superpower 2'' :DPolitical 9/10Diplomatic 8/10War and Unit design 9/10Economic 10/10Game : 93/100
,Recommended,282400,20861517,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Kommandeer,I really liked this game and wanted to give it a better rating.
76561198031440649,Recommended,282400,13918408,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Cunden,"Great game with Modifcations, hoping for a Superpower 3!8.5/10"
76561198119318374,Recommended,282400,11773307,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,CS-GO Kill yourself,"This game is like Europa Universialis, Civ, Democracy, Command and Conquer all mixed together, with some weed, LSD, downers, acid, coke, heroin and about 23 beers......Its better than pineapple juice"
76561197992727969,Recommended,282400,29262054,Posted: 14 January,all,SP2 Server Open,Fun game for anyone who likes nation building and conquest.
76561198044873331,Recommended,282400,9880782,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,StephenLlwyd,"SuperPower 2 is a geo-political game from many years ago, from GolemLabs. It has been requested on Steam many times and due to the recent Greenlight campaign, SP2 is now available on Steam.Nothing has quite matched this particular game's vibrant feel. What was created many years ago still has a quaint charm that puts this game far up my list of personal favorites.However, there is a double-edged blade to this game.Enjoyment can and will be interrupted by bugs and functionability issues with the game itself. There's not much mod support for the Steam version and the starting debts can really put a spoil on your game.But despite this, this is still a must-try for anybody who likes RTS games!"
,Recommended,282400,9884204,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,TobiN,"This game is like the most realistic real-time strategy game I've ever played. And I LOVE it.I had an amazing battle over China and they were split into 4 different areas controlled by other countries (USA, Egypt, India, Japan) looked like the way Germany and Berlin once were.I really recommend this game, it has great strategic gameplay, graphics are what you'd expect of a 2004 game but it doesn't need better graphics anyway, and it really has a lot of options for the advanced player.This game is for people who enjoy gameplay over graphics and enjoy advanced combat and systems.It's not really for casual play or people who like simple games, as this is a VERY advanced game and it does require some knowledge of geography, economy, math and politics to play.Tutorials could be better.I also don't get why people argue so much over that the game isn't full-screen, because I don't have a problem with it."
76561198069093228,Recommended,282400,9906076,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,mulder1920,"Great Game!!!!!  This thing has kept me very busy.  You can play as any country in the World at the time 2001.  There are quite a few options when it comes to running a nation, tinker with the economy, design military units, make treaties, espionage, or change laws.  Best of all even though it runs in real time; you can pause it at any point and issue commands.  Hoping for a SuperPower 3 someday!"
76561198030929403,Recommended,282400,9924921,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Blindbandit23,"So there is a legacy to this game involving me. I can't even remember where I first saw this game in 2010. I think it might have been YouTube.  When I first saw it though in 2010, it interested me greatly.  I watched all the YouTube videos I could of super power 2 on YouTube while I anticipated my own copy of the game’s arrival. I waited a few months for it, and when I got it, it wouldn’t work on my computer. I tried everything from patches to seeking advice from people who knew their way around a computer a lot better than me, but to no avail.4 years later though, in 2014, Superpower 2 is on steam, updated for windows 7 and 8. Seeing as it was on sale and my history of the game, I got it immediately. Let me just say it’s worth the wait. If your into the Supreme Ruler series at all, this game is for you."
,Recommended,282400,9885279,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Jack Marsia,I have played this game for years before it came out on steam and when it was finally announced it was to be released on steam i was over joyed. If you are a fan of strategy games you definetly can not go wrong with Superpower 2. It features a detailed world with 193 playable countries. 10/10 Would play again.
76561198149940807,Recommended,282400,28129243,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Coolcatfish111,"This is an absolutly great game, I have never seen anything like it. definatly worth buying."
,Recommended,282400,12144248,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Hex,"The SuperPower 2 RP community was something truly special. This wasn't the most popular game, and the game mechanics didn't age very well since it was a 2004 game, but we dealt with it.Sadly after I stopped playing two or so years ago, I've noticed the game slowly dying, at least from the likes of my friends list. There just doesn't seem to be a lot of people playing anymore, which is sad.We've dropped thousands of hours on this game, from golden era of the GameSpy servers, to Tunngle, and now here; on Steam were it is forever immortalized.The role-plays on SuperPower 2 were honestly some of the most fun I've ever had with video games, these past 10 years as a member of this community is something I'll never forget.Here's hoping that one day, we'll finally get our SuperPower 3, or a new game that could live up to SP2. And we'll all reunite for some fantastic RPs again.Semper Fidelis,- Hex"
76561198063060359,Recommended,282400,25945807,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,too much air,"Multiplayer is glitchy. Otherwise, it's good."
,Recommended,282400,14372458,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,asstrawlia -H-,about to conquer the world as soviet russia in the 1970 mod69/10 would conquer again
76561198009509913,Recommended,282400,13083711,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Elijah520,This game is amazing
76561198041873299,Recommended,282400,21217385,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,HighlanderLuck,>Play as USA>Ammas thousands of units along Mexico border>No immigrants alowed from Mexico>Make economy GREAT again>Embargo China cause **** it>China hates me>China declares war on me>Send all Nukes to China>Invade North China with ground forces>Take Beijing>Annexed China>Everyone hates me>#YOLO and invade Russia>2Days after invading Russia game ENDS>Didnt get re elected11/10 would Donald Trump again
76561198147125491,Recommended,282400,15478902,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,grabspopcorn,"This game is one of a kind. I have used ages looking for a game like this, this is the one. If you love strategy games that allows you to control entire countries, and do whatever the hell you want (probably nuke others) this is it."
76561198049313249,Recommended,282400,23432343,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,nerevarine,"Been a long time fan of the Superpower series.First off, Superpower 1 was a very different game: focused on a 2D map, with the ability to create cities and bases anywhere you controlled. Combat was sending your army to another city or base where you could auto-resolve or watch/control in a (funky, crude) tactical RTS mode. The game was turn-based.NOW came along SUPERPOWER 2, which basically threw most of that out.Superpower 2 plays in full RTS (pausable, with ability to slow/speed up) on a fully 3D globe.Think ""Google Earth"" but with Armies and nukes.The game retained much of it's complexities with domestic issues, economic controls, convert ops, research, unit design, etc.You no longer build cities/bases, but rather control territories.You can zoom on them as if from a satellite, and the resoluation updates and you can see more cities and roads.Pretty cool considering the age of the game. You can put your units anywhere you want.But the territories don't require any direct management, instead, you manage everything on an ""empire""-sized level.Quite nice, because it takes out tons of micro-management that would otherwise detract from the RTS experienceRTS-style combat was thrown out for a sort of RTS ""Heroes of Might and Magic""-type ""standoff"" battle, where you have a single unit representing all of that type, and a number indicating how many of that type are in the battle.Since the overall game is in real-time, when two armies meet on the globe, a dust-up of smoke appears representing a battle. You can have as many battles as you want raging all at once. If you want to see how the battle is going, you click on it and it will take you to the screen I just mentioned. You can watch them sit there shooting the air and occasionally taking damage (you see'll their numbers drop, a pop-up showing how much damage they took) or exit out.After any battle is done, you'll get a notification in your in-game mailbox, you can click on to see the results to cheers/applause, or boos, depending on the outcome.There is also an ""event"" box that reports any significant news of the world, color-separated into catagories like Military, Domestic, Economy, etc. which works very well in the game.COMBAT:There isn't too much strategy to combat.The main thing I noticed, is whoever has the best units, and the best trained, best numbers, usually wins.But way to increase victory and reduce losses is focus heavily on researching weapon RANGE.You can research everything, from Gun/Cannon Damage, Missile Damage, Armor, Stealth, Countermeasures, Range, Speed, etc. All that. You can research everything simultaneously; how fast it goes, depends on how much funds you allocate. I love this! I hate games where you can only research one thing at a time. How dumb is that? SP2 gets it right.You can custom-design your units, what points in each stat you want them to have (the max depends on how far you researched each stat). Focus on stealth? Focus on damage? Range? Up to you. How much you put into it, the more expensive it will be to upkeep.My advice:GROUND FORCES: focus on range. develop powerful, long-range artillery, anti-air, and that's it. Infantry is fodder, usually get chewed up before they can get in range to attack. AA will take down aircraft no problem. Artillery will chew everything up. Focus thirdly on tanks, and then MRLS units. I've had armies with massive artillery wipe out ones 5 times it's size.AIRCRAFT: Useless, they die so fast no matter how good they are.NAVY: Most critical in the game. Enemy nation will always attack your navy first, sending ALL of their ships to attack yours. Best to keep them in one place, and focus on building tons of Patrol Craft and ASW helicopters (range, damage research helps), and a few powerful larger ships. *ONCE YOUR NAVY IS DESTROYED* that's usually when the computer will invade. More on this later.BUYING units: You can buy units on a sort of ""game market"" in the game, this is a good way to beef up your forces fast.All units can be trained up to 3 levels: Recruit, Veteran, Elite. The higher the level, the better they perform.NUKES: You can build nuke subs, and nuke missiles. No nuke bombers. I usually build nukes with maximum range, and minimal accuracy and damage. One nuke usually always wipes out an army, so better to build custom ones this way because they'll be cheaper and faster to build.Becareful with nukes, your game can devolve into GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR, very fast.***If you're playing to conquer the world, it's best to focus on taking out the nuclear powers first. Once that is done. You can nuke anyone without worrying about getting nuked back. This makes invading them EASY AS PIE. Nuke their military to pieces, and then roll in with a small army.****An ABM system can be built and it greatly reduces effectiveness of nukes though.LASTLY: The AI.THE AI is: dumb, sneaky, weak, weasily, evasive, insane, antagonizing.Don't expect anything to play out like it would in the real world. One day, Tongo might declare war on Syria. Or Seychelles, tries to invade China. The world is a wacky, wacky world in this game. Israel might join with Iran to conquer Australia. Japan might decide to ally with Paraquay to conquer the UAE.DIPLOMACY: non-existent, mostly just making treaties to increase relations. If nations declare war on you, you can go to the WAR LIST screen and select you want PEACE, and sometimes they'll call it all off. Lol.ECONOMY: You can let the AI run a lot of things in the game, but it never does them well. Economy: I recommed reading about it. You can manage funding for various programs, taxes, resource production, etc. Like a spreadsheet updating in real-time inside modest pop-up screens. The game's economy is really buggy, but sometimes it's not, if you can understand what's going on under the good.DOMESTIC: you can ban abortion, ban religion, make child labor legal, polygamy ok, closes all the borders, make languages official, legal, or illegal, there are a lot of choices. They don't affect things too much except mostly how your people feel about you. If you conquer a Buddhist nation and make their religion illegal, it will affct your overall rating. If you're playing as a democracy, you might not get re-elected. On that note, you can suspend elections, ban rival political parties, or declare martial law, and change your government to dictatorship or whatever.STEAM EDITION changes worth mentioning:-You now need a capital ship to occupy water near where you want to land forces. Previously, you could send ground forces ANYWHERE, over the water no problem, making Navies totally useless. Now, there is at least SOME purpose to them.-Enemies will not wait for it's navy to conquer yours before invading (used to do occasionally before). Now, they'll launch full, smarter invasions, form stacks, and go through weak points. HOWEVER, the computer can glide right across unguarded territories, whereas YOU can only take one at a time. This gives the AI a totally unfair advantage. Additionally, armies no longer are forced to engage, meaning the AI can pass through territory where you DO have an army, claim it, without having to fight your army, continuing on to seize more territory. When YOU invade, the claim is not given, unless you destroy the enemy army there. So it's very tedious now.While the AI armies perform better, more believable, the unfair advantages they get, turn strategic combat into micro-management nightmare. Before, you could have a dozen big armies. Now, you need a plethora of smaller armies everywhere. Ugh!-There was no fix for the ""Autarky"" economic bug/flaw. Google this to find out what I'm referring to.Too much else to mention. So...FUN GAME!9/10."
,Recommended,282400,14716118,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,living on cloud 9,"Reunited Yugoslavia and added Albania in an ""accidental"" invasion.10/10"
76561198091599512,Recommended,282400,26456348,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Vyyrakk,Played as russiaLaunched all nukes at turkeyKebab Removed.
,Recommended,282400,10963873,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,E5150_Julian,"One of my all time favourite games, have played it for 100s of hours before it was on Steam. Best political sim out there."
,Recommended,282400,10168604,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,monsterfurby,"SuperPower 2 was a hidden gem back in the day, and it still is. It is one of the two modern political strategy games worth playing (the other being the unfortunately buggy but more character-focused Rulers of Nations) to this day.If you like wargames and geopolitical strategy, or even if you just want to nuke the world Wargames-style, this may be the game for you.Hint: Have a look at the forum - there's an active multiplayer community which is where this game truly shines."
76561198127141149,Recommended,282400,10773856,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DidUForget,Good game one major complint is that the tutorial is uterly useless and the game is very complex but if you find a manual online you can have a lot of fun building a giant nuclear arseanal and causing armagedden.
76561198087511850,Recommended,282400,11059914,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Director Brummington,"Full of options and potential, but boring and dumb AI with limited world management (after annexing) makes the game suffer. Singleplayer is hardly worth playing, but Multiplayer can be great fun! Sadly one troll can often end the game by sending nukes at will, but a good group makes great games."
,Recommended,282400,10162564,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Labrat228,"For players of the orginal Super Power who were always disappointed by the lack of support, this game provides all the meat of the original game coupled with the support you always wanted.  Say goodbye to useless bots.Thus far my only complaint is the lack of a full screen option...  And after playing the original, that is pretty darn good."
,Recommended,282400,10080518,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,face.,i would rate this game 6/10. other similar titles such as Supreme ruler 1936 beats this game hands down.but still this game isnt that bad.. lack of depth
,Not Recommended,282400,14674149,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Farsight,"5/10I don't recommend it.An enjoyable game, but alas some unavoidable gamebreaking bugs make some things in the game unwinnable / unobtainable, and it suffers from constant crashes and runtime errors (some of the latter can be ignored) detracts heavily from gameplay.  This game gave me 32 good hours, but now I'm uninstalling it, I'm unlikely to ever get back to it."
,Recommended,282400,16492294,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KHTXHarry,"This game is amazing,if you've ever wanted to make your country into a empire (or reclaim its anicent land) then this game is worth buying! its a great game and i've never wanted to stop playing and i haven't.PRO's(about this game and other)*Easy to understand interface.*A great blend between geo politics and military stratergy.*More than 100 countries to play as.*A active fanbase and active well known players.*Great mods to experiment with and play.*Offers a unique unit design system.*Ability to control Personal income tax,and sector taxes in your economy.*Ability to change government type,monarchy,communist,single party democracy,theocratic government,multiparty democracy,military dictatorship.*Easy to run on any craptop or old desktopCON's(Cons about the game and other)*Small and minor bugs which hardly impact the ability to play this game,but the bugs haven't been fixed either which is ashame because this game is truly amazing."
76561198031794647,Recommended,282400,10074043,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Arrafi,"I enjoyed the first few hours, but after awhile everyone seemed to be friends, nothing was happening...."
,Recommended,282400,15366512,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,'Saint Mattis',"Awesome game.Now everyone can see how it would be to manage your own country. Peace or war - it is up to you. Choose your path, take care of the economy and citizens. Build utopia."
,Recommended,282400,18663248,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jihadi John [TRADING],10/10 would play again -IGN
,Recommended,282400,15229533,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,#HeaDSh0T,Recreated a Kingdom of Poland and got banned for no democracy on RP server 999/10
,Recommended,282400,29674385,Posted: 3 February,all,PsychoticUnvanquished,"A unique and immersive strategy game where you play the role as a governing body of a country, take a deep dive into the world stock exchange and build up the worlds most powerful army. Isn't every day that the United States becomes a Military Dictatorship and you become Tsar of a new Russian Empire. This game isn't the easiest to master however once you get used to the  controls, I would definately get world domination as the Solomon Islands again. The graphics in this game have aged incredibly well, and the soundtrack is beautiful but sometimes it can get very repetitive. I would recommend this game to any Hearts of Iron player or someone who is interested in global geopolitics and strategy."
,Recommended,282400,10783208,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Öz,">leader of gabon>make super spy organization>send super spy organization to china>steal iron and steel production secrets>gabon now has 1.5 million GDP per capita>take over africa>economy fail when annex DRC10/10, the consequences are real."
76561198213839455,Recommended,282400,20709622,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,President Rust,like the game but can you play this on windows 10
,Recommended,282400,20554911,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Bunster,It's a verry good game. You can loose a few hours if you can look past the bugs.
76561198057713226,Not Recommended,282400,23347963,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,krabicezpapundeklu,"This could be easily one of my most favorite games... but it crashes every few minutes.As a developer I know bugs happen and if the game crashes - let's say once per hour - I'm fine with it (as there are autosaves). But it seems to be worse and worse. Now it crashes almost immediately.If it helps - I'm running Win10 64bit, I disabled firewall, Windows Defender (no other anti-virus installed), tried various compatibility settings but nothing works.I also uploaded core dump when the game crashed:https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B27QN0TU2QUmYWpNd2ExNHdCZ00if someone can get some info from it."
,Recommended,282400,21782526,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Barack Obama,Great game. Multiplayer is the best part of the game but singleplayer can be fun as well. Recommend to any Supreme Ruler Fans.
,Recommended,282400,23028311,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SPQR,"Good, it is really great the only downside of it is the time it was made and that it cant be in fullscreen on some monitors and Its getting really old and there should be atleast a Superpower 3,"
76561198042368234,Recommended,282400,11155750,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Donald J Trump,Amazing
,Recommended,282400,9933229,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Rin Blackwater,"It's an amazing game, if you don't already own the orginal I would recommend getting this. Though, the orginal is alot less bug filled then this version (at least for me), so I wouldn't get it if you had the original. If the bugs get fixed, then everyone should get this!"
76561198068696216,Recommended,282400,13222502,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dice,Good stuff
76561198105195595,Recommended,282400,20499544,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Bush,10/10 Would Nuke The World As Russia Again.
76561198070566001,Recommended,282400,20805843,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,mrevil,muhahahah *rubs hands together* gooood
,Recommended,282400,12281615,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,E. Phoenix,One of my favorite games. Have been playing this game since 2009 when it wasnt on steam and yeah so goodOnly thing i don't like about it. it's that its basically a dead game and no more mods for it like back in V1.4 . But besides that still good.P.S. Make Superpower 3Oh yeah and the Advertising pictures are all Bull!!! No city lights
76561197967471651,Not Recommended,282400,25525552,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Russell,"This game seems very interesting but I cannot recommend it. I tried playing the game, but the selection for units and countries seems to be buggy and unreliable. Normally I would not give a game a negative review for something like this, but it seems like it was an issue the developers were already aware of and even released a beta-patch for which helped a bit but still did not solve the problem. They seem to have abandoned efforts to resolve this issue since then. In a game where you're going to be doing a lot of clicking on different countries and regions this is a really big deal.As an aside I tried all the standard tricks including compatability mode, disabling scaling on high DPI settings, etc. Nothing worked. Shame - the game looks like incredible fun."
,Recommended,282400,11734636,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Cookie Sakje,I really like it
76561198016071202,Recommended,282400,9913079,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Marky Mark,"It's a really fun and detailed game, it's actually the strategy game I've been wanting for ever.The cool thing is that you research technology (which isn't unique) but then you can MAKE your own unique units, unlike Civ 5 where everyone basically has the same♥♥♥♥♥♥(with the exception that there are some nation specific ones).So if you think it looks and souns fun, you should get it ;)However, there are some problems.The game keeps crashing due to the offline server ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and the diplomacy could be a bit better.It would be cool of you could for example arrage meetings with the leader of a country and have dat♥♥♥♥♥♥all over da news.Also, even when you turn the AI aggressiveness all the way down, they're still pretty aggressive. Like I invaded Sweden with Norway, and shortly after I had annexed them THE ENTIRE ♥♥♥♥ING WORLD DECLARED WAR ON ME!But then I just loaded my previous save and invaded Finland, Estonia and Iceland instead, which was fine... For now. France declared war on me once... but yeah, get this game, it's cheap and fun."
,Recommended,282400,9915519,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Comrad Yuri ☭,Its Just as fun as I remember it
,Recommended,282400,9953239,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Zach Vega,"It's a great, informative game, however the mulitplayer feature doesn't work at all. If you're fine with single player, then you should get this."
76561198043371777,Not Recommended,282400,33977370,Posted: 2 August,all,Mobzonk,"I had the pre-steam released and enjoyed this a lot. Decided to get it on Steam to be compatible with modern systems and found it rendered useless by a unit disappearing bug. At random intervals the player's troops disappear - they seem to get reassigned to a different nation ID, which the human player has no access to. This totally breaks the game."
,Recommended,282400,12075607,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,voldtektsmann,"As the president of the United States, I have an 86% approval rating, 0.0% corruption, 98% stability, and everyone else is poor as♥♥♥♥♥♥and unstable.10/10."
76561198149822909,Recommended,282400,13537346,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CAPnRabbit,I love this game! its one of the best games I've ever played!
76561198222289124,Recommended,282400,30233843,Posted: 27 February,all,The Witch-king of Angmar,"-Played as Russia-Took over the Baltics Exept Poland and Belarus (Sorry if they aren't Baltic states, I am from America, not Europe..)-Took Finland, Easy!-Won't invade Sweden, due to the fact they are allied with the USA...-Invades Ukraine, in Retaliation the USA declares war on me.-In retaliation I launch 350 nukes at them.-I go to war with 55% of the world. Every Army is gone.-I have 2 divisions, I launch an Invasion of Belarus, Ukraine, and Poland. Sucess!-I then see I forgot about Japan, there ENTIRE ARMY is navaly invading Finland.-Japan takes Finand, I launch more nukes.-Japan has no more army.-I invade most of Europe, for Mother Russia.-Then I realise it's 1:30 AM-I give no f**ks-I I still have nukes, I launch some at Norway's Army, they are gone, I occupy them.-Then the USA builds a massive navy and Army, I see they took most of eastern Russia.-Then they over-run my forces, I get taken over by the US.-Almost half of the worlds population is gone, thanks to Russia.10/10 Would Vladimir Putin again."
,Not Recommended,282400,10418975,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,I AM THE LAW,Its interesting...but thats about it.  The game seems complex to start out but quickly reveals itself as rather shallow.  That being said if you like rp and want to do it at a global politics level this game provides a good platform for it...for what your buying I wouldnt spend more than a dollar or two though.Only fun i had was when I nuked half the world.
,Not Recommended,282400,9941648,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,idl0r,"It's a great game actually but too many bugs :(Runtime errors, doesn't start properly when e.g. VLC is running in background etc. I could list more bugs but I doubt they'll be fixed."
76561198035499822,Recommended,282400,9861350,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,eesks335,Thank you Steam for putting this game up. This is such a great game!
,Recommended,282400,14187936,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sheryl Nome ~Kira!,"1. Started the game without doing the tutorial2.Started as Murca3.Build a massive army4.Tried to invade jamaica, but ended up nuking jamaica by accident5. Decided to nuke cuba6.Invasion of cuba and jamaica begin7.went crazy with power nuked civilians in russia8.Russia nuked back9. Russia and USA where destroyed10.Rebuild my army11.Approval rate went from 70% to 2% somewho didnt get impeached12.Britian didn't like me nuking russia, Britian invade me13.Nuked britian and they nuked back14.Britian is destroyed15.somehow america is still standing and approval rate went down to 2%16.Survived impeachment and the 2nd nuclear winterland17.rebuild the great american army18.build more nukes19.Nuked canada and mexico20.invade canada and mexico21.annexed canada and mexico approval rate went from 10% to 80%22.the UN hates me23.blitzkrieg of central and south america begin24.annexed all of central and south america25.UN begin there invasion to liberate south america26.nuked most of the UN27.UN invasion was mostly made up of france's infantry......8k infantry vs 10k tanks28.Half the world hates america they all attack my navy......the mighty american navy is destroyed in seconds29.half of those countries went to war with each other off the coast of florida30.10 years of non-war no invasions and not getting invaded well i build the biggest navy in the wolrd31.China invades india and nukes zimbabwe32.10 years past and the new and bigger US navy destroys all of the worlds navy in one battle33.Invasion of greenland, Britain, Scottland, Russia, and the philippines begin34.build AMDS35.nuked multiple countries without worries of getting nuked36.All of the UN, north korea, china survivors, russia survivors, and ukraine begin to liberate Russia and China from me37.Nuked, bombed every country that hates me.38. world domination is close39.mastermind a Coup D Etat on japan40.My allies pawns begin invading the countries that hate me41.Multiple countires perform terrorisim, sabotage and assassinations on america42.The new american empire is 2x bigger then the great british emipre was43. begin final phases to getting world domination44. economy crashes america becomes bankrupt45. The Great American empires is no more10/10 would create a new empire again!"
,Recommended,282400,21779912,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Anarchnid,I always wanted a new version of Defcon with more unit types and politics. This could of been it but it feels like a half finished game. I think the crashing mentioned in most reviews has been mostly fixed in patches but you do need a very good PC which seems strange since its basically a 2D game.The reason I think it seems half finished is because there are some glaring interface flaws which should not be there in a modern game. These will really put off new players that may of enjoyed the game but will leave it feeling frustrated.One of the most obvious things that could of been improved and would of made a bit difference for the time invested is moving across oceans. It doesnt say it anywhere I saw but you need a destroyer or cruiser to do so. If you dont have one you will just be trying and trying to move them and they wont move across the water. To make it worse the game has two beeps. One for succesful movement and one for an error. Sometimes it will play both noises!On the whole I enjoyed this game simply because it inspired me to make my own version. It was a great concept excetud Ok but it could of been so much better with some proper playtesting and refining.
,Not Recommended,282400,23225085,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,wingspress,Superpower was one of the original grand strategy games that was in depth to the core. Superpower two you have almost no control over anything like you used to you cannot create cities. The battle scenes look rediculous now and seem too over the top and not as simple looking as the original. The original super power by far is the better version. I do recommend superpower not superpower 2.
,Not Recommended,282400,15537196,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,blackfuckingdeath,This game being 11 years old is not in any way an obstacle for it to have bugs. The tutorials lock up after a while and there is really no way of understanding the clunky interface to make the game playable.
,Not Recommended,282400,17289520,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MAKAVELI ELITE,WHAT THE HECK?! I was excited that Steam released this so that it would be up to date and playable. You can't even click on the country without it clicking on the country next to it. If i wanted to select Vietnam I have to click about half an inch IN THE OCEAN to the right of the country for it to select Vietnam... Such a simple screwup makes the game unplayable. The SuperPower 2 on GameStop is FLAWLESS. Wish I could return this Steam Version.
,Recommended,282400,15031255,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Kingcgc/Lerch,Played as Iraq and got invaded by China10/10
76561198093978313,Recommended,282400,15300209,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Abusive Banana,"Nuked all my neighbours got nuked back, killed half my people, became a monarchy, and legalized pot 100/10."
,Recommended,282400,14712940,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,PAN-MAN,"Nuked my own country :3 12/10This game is so addictive, I can't stop playing it. I love multiplayer, but I hate it when there are no nukes.Honestly, You should be able to free annexed countries, or other countries can free them or if they break away from you. But other that it is a fun game, as it is my favorite."
,Recommended,282400,18324277,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sober_Bender,"Takes this review with a grain of salt, I bought this being a big stradgey player hoping it would blow my mind!! Unfortunatley its stuck in its time! Great game would recomend it, but be cautious that the advert pictures say it all, it doesnt offer much more than what you see, for me it got old to quick, but still give it a 6 outta 10!!"
76561198107016243,Recommended,282400,13722987,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Joe Franks?,"SuperPower 2 is a very old game and you should be well aware of it when you purchase the game. The graphics are outdated, the gameplay is very limited and even the sounds are not comparable with modern games sounds.The above made clear, this game is absolutely brilliant, fun to play (as it was back when it first came out) and a superb idea, but to me not worth the £8.99. I would certainly say give it a try if you can find it on offer for cheaper than that but do not spend the 8.99 unless you are a collector or you totally admire the game.Enjoy!"
76561198055968345,Recommended,282400,21843731,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,cold spaghetti,>plays as russia>conquers former soviet territories>changes government to communism>takes over afghanistan>all glory to the soviets>invades romania>wins>bulgaria invaded>also wins>invades pakistan>loses10/10 would be destroyed by india's rival again
,Recommended,282400,23009842,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,cucked,all i can say is i bought 99% of the cereal market then nuked the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of canada.10/10
,Recommended,282400,11085794,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,chair boy,omfg in tshi gamies u bulw u p wcunteis wit n ueks! is god im reocmand!
,Recommended,282400,24945732,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Yugi Muto,"Great game to have for a super indepth political sim. The basics are at times hard to learn, so if your not willing to take the slow route and use the tutorials than your gonna have a bad time.7/10- Great Concept, but at times terrible implementation."
76561198074497597,Not Recommended,282400,15006681,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,무르카,Invalid SDK version.1/10
,Not Recommended,282400,26167183,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Ste,"This game is fantastic, however the steam version is buggy and sadly those bugs make it really difficult for an advanced player, so I can only imagine what it would be like if you are new to the series. I would say get the game on cd and stay clear of the steam version! It's a shame!"
76561198273034484,Recommended,282400,23692792,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Zerfetztes UnfallREEEEEEh,best game since tetris
,Recommended,282400,22431050,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Poulpizar,Multiplayer is not stable. Loads of bug of all sort but fun with friends with a little roleplay !
,Recommended,282400,9879348,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Дональд,Can Dominate World.10/10
76561197996952176,Not Recommended,282400,11979303,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,fecespieces,"Back in the day I've enjoyed this game so much. Being able to kick back with a few cold drinks and launch nukes was fantastic. Slightly buggy then, fast forward to today, and yet buggy. I was happy to see this game being offered on Steam after voting for it to be green lit however... Doesn't run. My advice to the devs, ditch the joshua.exe and develop something better. Joshua.exe hasn't worked great before and neither does it today. Save the 10 bucks until the developers get it working and buy a six pack instead."
76561198008260349,Not Recommended,282400,12111410,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Shubacka66,"Do not buy this game! This game have a very annoying bug, suddenly it crashes to desktop (runtime error) this have happend every single time I have been trying to play it, and that is about 10 trials before I got tired messing with it, however, the very few times I have actually been able to play it for about 10 minutes, it have been great fun, I absolutely love this game, and I am so disapointed about this bug, at it's current state I can not recommend you buying this game, simply just because it is totally unplayable, but if the developer would fix this bug I will re-write this review and recommend it 100%,"
,Not Recommended,282400,30484993,Posted: 12 March,all,Edison Trent,Very buggy and quite unbalanced without mods. Even with it is unstable.
,Not Recommended,282400,33433931,Posted: 10 July,all,Invest in Eastern Poland,The game keeps crashing for no reason.  It was fun while it worked.
,Recommended,282400,19356178,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,popa,"SuperPower 2 is the only global geopolitical simulation game which allows players to control entire countries. Players control countries in 3 major areas: political, economic and military, but this time, in a beautiful real-time 3D environment.Players build up their own countries and increase their influence in the broader world while competing against sophisticated A.I. Along the way, gamers make use of economic sanctions, political alliances, and military actions to wage their battles. SuperPower 2 offers the ability to fine-tune each country's performance, from creating or breaking treaties, to making tactical decisions in particular military conflicts.Creating a superpower from Haiti isn’t an easy task but it sure was a fun run, I recommend SuperPower2 to people that like world simulations or to people that wish they could run any country on earth in anyway they see fit.The number of options, the good graphics for the globe and almost limitless gameplay adds up a game that is worthy of United Nations attention.The world is beautifully rendered and is capable of giving a wide variety of thematic maps and the capability to drill down into any region.RULE YOUR COUNTRY, CONQUER YOUR ENEMIES, DOMINATE THE WORLD!"
76561198017096698,Recommended,282400,15963013,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,rdkjaer,"I love this game! Been playing it a long time, before there was a steam edition. It's totally worth the money, even though there are a few issues with it.Pros:* Tons of gameplay hours, and it never gets boring. There are always challenges and other ways to do things.* Good AI that makes the game very realistic* Uses real life data in politics, forces and financial data. (Although the numbers are from 2001)* Many mods avaible. Best one in my opinion is from Mr.Monday. He has made a mod that updates the game to our current world time.* One of a kind game. Great value for moneyCons:* Game could use a update, as it still starts in 2001 and therefor has outdated financial, politics, and forces situations.* Game WILL crash! from time to time... Remember to set autosave interval low (5 or 10 minutes)* To actually take over the world without cheating is next to impossible!* Moving troops over sea areas is... tricky and full of bugs.I hope that with this steam edition, the game will be brought back to life, and that we will see new updates, mods and maybe even a Super Power 3 game. I absolutely love this game, but it does need some work before it's perfect."
,Recommended,282400,32049905,Posted: 29 May,all,SuperPyro,Fun
,Not Recommended,282400,11117184,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Tosta,"The original game was filled with bugs to start with ! ! i would recommend this game because i myself played it from 2005 and added the patch 1.4 when it was released. The game is so good but needs fixing, bugs are too much to bare !"
,Recommended,282400,12017473,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,fwap,Very steep learning curve. play this game if you're willing to learn
76561198165523548,Recommended,282400,13821282,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Logan Dudley csgoatse.com,"Nuked North Korea with litterally 70 thousand nukes, killed 780 million people 90898089/10"
,Not Recommended,282400,18913856,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,huehuehuhuehehuhe,"There's a lot of fun to be had in this game — until it crash, that is. (Windows 10 x64, nvidia gfx)"
76561198040741957,Not Recommended,282400,20553496,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,cuff59829,"note my playing time is not accurate i was able to play for 20 or so hours befor the problems...........Before i buy a game i read the reviews and they usually give me a good idea on if its a good enough game to purchase and or worth the money with known bugs or glitches. Before i purchased this game i had read a review stating that after 20 to 40 minutes the game freezes or unexpectedly closes mentioned a web site that has this game on it that works  calledgog.com, but i went against my better judgment and went ahead and bought this game on stream and now i wish i would have bought it ongog.combecause it not playable everything he said came true. I would recommend this game just not on stream."
,Recommended,282400,12986197,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Molotov,"Started playing as China, No idea what im doing, somehow manage to get to the nuke launch menu, nuke canada to teach them a lesson.10/10 would nuke accidently again."
,Recommended,282400,22171865,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Daemonic,"start as usabuild up armyinvade mexicoinvade mexico's neighborsannex them allinvade venezuelachina nukesnuke china backrussia nukes chiname and russia invade china and split iteurope gets butthurtuk, france, and italy invade, get destroyed.russia backstabs me and takes rest of chinabuild a crapton of nukes, nuke everyone, invade and annex.lose elections by 49.9%10/10 would invade Mexico again"
76561198154021551,Recommended,282400,20691345,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Inquisitor Ronan,Hitler would be proud10/10
,Recommended,282400,12808873,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ish,"amazing game, reminds me of the good ol'days.definately worth £8.99 without a shadow of a doubt.10/10"
76561198008953646,Not Recommended,282400,20460382,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,agentlyseria,"This game is hopelessly buggy.There are numerous threads reporting this issue, each one of which ending with no resolution or feedback.Simply said, the game crashes every time the most exciting part of the game gets involved: warfare.  Even the simple task of clicking on a unit and training it might lead to a game crash.I could wax poetic about the ambition behind the game, the feel of micromanaging entire governments and armies, but all that is useless if the game doesn't work."
,Recommended,282400,19590074,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,AJSM,plays super power2starts game as chadbecomes world powernukes USAowns worldrekt=yes
,Recommended,282400,14871937,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ㄅㄨㄊㄠ,"Do not buy this game, even if it is on sale you are better off purchasing bread."
,Recommended,282400,14362979,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Explosive Pumpkin Salesmen,I got nuked by china as america and  responded with 500 nuclear bombs 10/10 would invade south america again
76561198007439934,Not Recommended,282400,15778291,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,jdsswp2,"Since I rebrought this game from Steam, I said to myself, Great, Mutil-player is back from when the game first came out.  Let me tell you, Do Not Waste your money.  Whatever they did, they destroyed this game."
,Not Recommended,282400,15027360,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tyrantiszarious,"If you like statistics, charts and graphs. The political side of the game is so complexe and intricate that my actions don't seem to be making much of an impact on the games world. Basically spamming economic treaties with ONLY wealthy countries is the only thing that seems to help stablize the economy and improve economic conditions. Designing war machines seems like a chore rather than a fun thing to do and in the past I had technical issues."
,Not Recommended,282400,14175744,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Toxicwire,"This game, I'll keep it short. You build MASSIVE amounts of armies, unrealistic amounts, and just send them to othern ations and nuke them. Nah, I'll stick to my Victoria, Hearts of Iron and Europa Univeralis games."
76561198078632606,Recommended,282400,14392986,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dr. Kelly,BUY IT NOW
76561198011938697,Not Recommended,282400,23870693,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,натанала,This game's premice is fun while it laste. Controllign world tention etc.But it then at a point stopped working... on the same pc with same OS... tried everything to get it to work and no support from developers...
76561198039374546,Not Recommended,282400,19023453,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,DJ Raptor,"1. Outdated data (country population, military strength etc. loot have changed since 2004)2. Crashing.3. Unrealistic.If you like games like that check Supreme Ruler Ultimate its x123 times better."
76561198046437074,Recommended,282400,25186833,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Filosoofis,It is a very fun game and also easy compared to games like HOI. There are some things that should have been updated but since the vanilla game came out in 2001 it is normal that there are a few problems here and there.Modders have made this game so much fun to play
,Recommended,282400,32362417,Posted: 12 June,all,Nep nep,Well i dont know how to start thisyou seeSuperpower 2 is a nice and complex gameyou get to nuke yer hole pop too if ye wantedoh well what i mean is you can..Make the perfect economyMake the perfect countryPlay multiplayerhave fun (Duh)Mod it (Mod are funny with this and they really rarely crash)I would rate it 9/10(Yes i am giving it mercy due to its age)Anyways i would recommend this to everyone
,Recommended,282400,24710088,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Qualimer,Needs to definitely get a sequel but nuking the entire planet never gets old.
76561198003489857,Recommended,282400,16109918,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kuzark,THIS GAME IS GOOD IT MAKES ME FEEL GOOD
,Recommended,282400,15511985,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,2y9fvctydv,"My friend was the Holy See and he got attacked by Italy, so I sold him a piece of land as Saudi Arabia. It all worked out for everyone.6 / 10"
,Recommended,282400,16915841,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,literally who,A gud geopolitical simulator where you can repel a Chinese invasion on your soil with the help of your ebony friends.
,Recommended,282400,24619229,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Charlie,"This game is great, however sometimes it does run across a few bug issues it's still a great game and has alot of good servers to join."
76561198011994934,Recommended,282400,11119942,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Nolo,old clasic that is good to play by yourself or with people
76561197991569474,Not Recommended,282400,14024063,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Eluctrify,"In short, too many bugs and crashes.  The gameplay is just like how it was in the past, which is good.I am very disappointed, since the developers claim to have fixed several bugs with this new ""steam edition"".Specifics:-Clicking countries sometimes does not work (sometimes need to click some random place then click again)-Right click context menu sometimes doesn't have correct options when right clicking on a country (same as previous problem)-In battle view window, can't see the top and bottom of window which makes it impossible to close the window or send orders.  Nothing else in the game seems cut off.  (I am unable to modify the screen resolution setting in the game's options, just in case that might have resolved this problem.)-The game has crashed several times randomly.  I remember that happening back when I played the original; even though, now I am on a totally different computer and OS."
,Recommended,282400,25317170,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,idgaf,Very addicting.... And very detailed for a old game.Buy this game!!!
,Recommended,282400,25396764,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Parachute,"A great game, you should buy it when on sale"
76561198309374007,Recommended,282400,24547371,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Athior13,Didn't download correctly for me. But I've played it before and it's pretty solid at least. Kinda upset that my purchase was literally worthless since it downloaded a 2 gig game missing one crucial file to run it.
76561198039697445,Not Recommended,282400,14025867,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Baltazar,Wasting time
,Not Recommended,282400,13988964,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Jn Bmbo Mjv,It gets boring after a while
,Recommended,282400,16358616,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Qle,i sent 3730 nukes to norway and aimed for civilians.  9/11
76561198202799821,Recommended,282400,25386718,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Xredcraftplus5X,You should add new tank and aircraft designs and make the spot you click on more accurate. Thanks for my favorite game also 👍.
76561198180715274,Recommended,282400,24755383,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Garythewhale,ever wanted to own yur own nation10/10 would take over the world again
76561198079996589,Not Recommended,282400,32422386,Posted: 14 June,all,Timm099,"Good concept, but there are other games that do it better.  This one also has more bugs than a cheap motel.  Lack of depth and a poor understanding (or diliberate slanting) of  basic politics."
,Recommended,282400,31361011,Posted: 25 April,all,{NOR} Gamemaster,Needs sp3
76561198038599162,Recommended,282400,9969547,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,DeaDlyAttAck,THIS IS AWESOME GAME and SUPER ADDICTING
,Not Recommended,282400,32747615,Posted: 24 June,all,Sethar,"The whole game is just staring at bars go up and down on the screen, the game barely reacts to anything you do, and the engine is incredibly broken. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,282400,32858230,Posted: 27 June,all,Didikong hellcase.com,We want to play multiplayer with my friend. We do a lot of workl but nothing happend. I want to join to his server and the game says CANNOT JOIN THE SERVER. Can somebody help us?
76561198057100405,Recommended,282400,16808789,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Quinn ║ FOXHOUND,- Play as US- Become communist and take all rights away- Nuke mexico- annex mexico- Do the same to canada- EU doesn't like that- Blow up EU- See my enemies their economies crumble- people get mad at me- declares martial law- canada invades me- Game over11/10 would get killed by a rebellion again
76561198086653064,Recommended,282400,26818091,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Penguin,"This game has it's ups and downs but it is so entertaining to conquer the world as a small nation, and watch your nation develop to become the most powerful nation in the world through diplomacy and bloodshed!"
76561198100670342,Recommended,282400,23240437,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Nat3ster,this game let me be Donald Trump by alowing me to nuke mexico10/10 would Trump again
,Not Recommended,282400,20801450,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,BEEPZON,"Though I have played for two hour and had a lot of enjoyment I have to give it a thumbs down It had me interested for 1 1/2 hours and the rest of the time was crashes and run-time errors the editor is no longer compatible with newer versions of Windows and the AI has a magic carpet that transports 100,000 men half-way across the world (totally ruined my Annexation of Kuwait playing as Iraq) and destroyed my entire army simply with Apaches and artillery I am sorry its just..... broken"
,Recommended,282400,32904745,Posted: 27 June,all,notebook,ye
76561198115181390,Recommended,282400,24137848,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Snowman1206,great game
,Recommended,282400,17091851,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Jack Frost,"I really enjoy playing this game. Everytime you are able to choose what kind of ruler you really wish to be and to write a new history of the up-coming era. Lots of possibilities are implemented, such as trades and tourism sectors are simple but well played. Yet, this game has some bugs which can irritate over time, but all in all I would recommend to buy it."
76561198035603485,Recommended,282400,22831866,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Paddy Mccabe,Its Keeps saying Joshua.exe was terminated and i cant enjoy the game can anyone help?
,Recommended,282400,17573091,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tornado Tom,">Become the United States>Invade and conquer Mexico and Central America; Make land United States; Still haven't had war declared on me>Right the American economy - from billions in debt to billions in surplus>Create massive army, including 2,500,000+ troops and 500,000+ tanks>Invade Canada and South America; European nations declare war on you>Create navy with 500+ ships>Conquer Canada and all of South America, board ships and invade Europe>Conquer half of Europe and invade Africa too>Conquer 3/4 of Europe and half of Africa; Every other nation declares war on you; Get nuked by China>Rebuild 2,500,000+ man and 500,000+ tank army in like one year.>Conquer all of Africa and conquer China>Get bored>Exit game>Start over in a week.12/10"
76561198038195098,Not Recommended,282400,21667191,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Wolfcunt,CTDCTDCTDCTDCTD5 minutes of gameplayCTDCTDCTDYou get the picture.
,Recommended,282400,14928804,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Warblegarble,"There arent many games where you can turn america into a communist paradise while legalize hardcore drugs, making them completely legal, then making people pay for them through tax. 10/20 Would Get nukes by india again."
,Recommended,282400,10654199,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,weedlord bonerhitler,"i was going to do an in depth review of this very convoluted and complex game, explaining how it's economy worked.then i played as america and launched all the nukes at israel and north korea. great game. 10/10"
76561198088938358,Recommended,282400,11372355,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Swiggity Swooty,"This game is amazing, much more fun than hearts of iron and a great multiplayer experiance"
76561198221423820,Recommended,282400,32691502,Posted: 23 June,all,dmevev,Good game
,Not Recommended,282400,12450471,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ei yo,"This is a good game if you're into real time stratgey games. But having said that even if you do like this game have fun with no ♥♥♥♥ing support from the devolpers promising patches that would fix the♥♥♥♥♥♥load of issues people are having, and what do we get ONE ♥♥♥♥ING PATCH THAT DIDNT FIX♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you can try to look for solutions to these problems on the foroums like i myself did but have fun wasting a few hours doing absolutely nothing if the devopers ever do fix some of thse problems maybe i'll change this review but for now, ♥♥♥♥ you Devs ♥♥♥♥ you right in the♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,282400,20789574,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,🐧 crow,why did the cia agents stay home today? they were SNOWDEN
,Recommended,282400,30802402,Posted: 28 March,all,ferraritrasher1998,good game but now worth more than the 2$ i payed for it
,Recommended,282400,16196186,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DXHyperclutch,"(Playing as UK)- Conquers Ireland to reunite it.- China, Russia, and some other countries declare war.- Nukes Russia with all of my nukes- Russia barely has any units- Trades for some of Russia's land.- They accept.- Makes infantry unit walk around, taking most of Russia's land- Annex's the land, owns most of Russia while fighting off Itialian invaders.10/10 would nuke russia again."
,Recommended,282400,23911590,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LeBron's Hairline,Good
76561197960860664,Not Recommended,282400,20037856,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheRock,Game is not Stable! I really wanna back my money!
,Recommended,282400,18793923,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,|NOV-VD| Maxim,Playing as RussiaGets More NukesNukes Turkey10/10 Remove Kebab Simulator
,Not Recommended,282400,20965171,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,✡KosherBosher✡,"The game is decent for it's genre even though it's incredibly easy once you get a good economy and lots of research going. Nuking Israel is always fun, though. The game gives you a bit of options regarding laws and systems of government to choose from, these are always nice. Though, I've noticed that there are virtually no real 'right-wing' parties to choose from, I feel as though the political side of this game is heavily biased towards the left. For some reason the official language of Iraq is Kurdish? There may be some other things the developers are biased towards that I have not encountered.I can live with the things mentioned above especially since I get to ban certain languages, parties, and laws, however, the game is unplayable, it crashes if you nuke a country and it crashes constantly for no particular reason (please note that this may not be experienced by some people). The game has some game-breaking bugs such as not being able to take the capital of some countries because the unit has not been fully deployed and it never will be, you can always get over that by playing LAN and removing the unit from the capital then switching back to your original nation to capture the capital; but the point is that this game should have been released when the bugs/crashes have been looked through and fixed. Evidentally, the developers can't be bothered releasing fixes and as such, do not currently deserve the $10 they're asking for.I will happily change this review to 'recommend' once the game is playable."
,Not Recommended,282400,15800547,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Robert,"Seriously how the hell is this supposed to be fun?Have played it more since first review but really is not good.As a simulation it has no value.Economy? It was easier for me to save North korea than RussiaPolitical? Not realistic at all, basically just don't declare war and you will be fine.Military? Maintainance and construction is ridiculous, literally trillions of dolars for an aircraft carrier, Countries have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly large militaries that cost them a fortune and ruin them.In all gameplay feels disconnected, dry and yet painfully simplistiv"
76561198086882386,Not Recommended,282400,14886461,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Satans Cahones,"This is a horrible horrible looking game, I have a brand new Windows 7 com,puter and I cant read any of the script on the tutorials. I tried changing video setup but everything is at its highest......decided to give it a go, saw rebels were a faction so started as them....no idea what I am doing because I cant read the tutorial...screw this I am going back to Supreme Ruler 2020 you can see what the hell is happening and who you are fighting."
,Not Recommended,282400,19327044,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ｓｕｐａｈｓｕｌｌｉ,♥♥♥♥♥game unless you like geopolitics and nuking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of things.
,Recommended,282400,29907072,Posted: 13 February,all,ShadowClaw761,"You can conquer North America as a Communist version of USA, launch false flag ops, and obliterate countries with nukes, rate 9/11!"
76561198121388897,Recommended,282400,25501318,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Killer Keemstar,very fun game in multiplayer
,Recommended,282400,18577148,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Nightsvipe,10/10Would play with Boden again
,Not Recommended,282400,16611550,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,M. Murphy,Invaild SDK Version -10000000/10
76561197984391373,Not Recommended,282400,14701305,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Cocaine Lightning,"This game left me confused. There are only 2 short tutorials to explain movement controls and basic combat. But they make no effort to explain:Trade (the whole stock exchange window), Treaties, or any of the economic options. What does raising or lowering the interest rate do? If I increase production of something, why does it say my output is constantly 0?You also have an approval rating. What makes it go up/down? I have no idea because that's not explained either. You have no way to know what your people want, so you won't know how to make them happy.So unless you like graphs or you're some kind of economics expert, stear clear. Not very user-friendlyEdit: Do you want to train your units to make them more effective? Good, because if you do, there's no progress bar to see how it's going. You do, however, get a progress bar to watch as you ready your covert operatives (although their effectiveness in terms of what they do is not explained and it's hard to tell if their actions mattered at all)"
76561198310324361,Recommended,282400,25508031,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MindLessRookie,SUPERPOWER 2 OYNARKEN PANELLERİ SIĞDIRAMIYOM NE YAPMAM GEREK LÜTFEN YARDIM EDİN PLS
76561198269060655,Recommended,282400,25534579,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Killerjack911,s
,Not Recommended,282400,34479123,Posted: 25 August,all,Wexuto,Weak
76561198235395768,Recommended,282400,23119402,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Bill Nye The Soviet Spy,"ATTENTION anything I say about real countrys is not my real thoughts just in game thoughts I like a lot of these country so if I call them names its just a jokeI played as the UKFixed the economyUSA as always ever game declares war on Iraq as alwaysI start making huge profitsFrances economy fails and Greece of all countries economy is growing outstandingNorways falls into a deep depression ( I saw this and embargo them for the lols)USA invades alot of middle east countriesGermany and some other countries embargo USAI hated Argentina so I sent some spies there and they did some bad thing to the country and embargo them aswellChina nuked USA FALLOUT 5 CONFIRMED jk they did nuke them but China fell and was hated by everyone I guess donald trump will win the election now btw the republican party won the electionsmy economy was growing like crazyArgentina delcare war on me that was a bad idea as the whole of europe delcares war on themI got there first and annexed it people hated me cos I annexed it no big deal thoSpies attacked me but failed and it came from France those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s so I sent the spies that were Argentina to Francesince there economy was in the♥♥♥♥♥♥I ""helped"" themMy relations with europe was awful and I got kicked out of the alliance those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s however my relations with USA and Canada were great started an alliance with themMy economy was awful because of Argentina so I sold it to Brazil and some other countrys made alot of money from thatI started to get attacked by spies godawn europe.France delcared war on me then Russia declared war on USAThen North korea declared war on South korea Japan declare war on both on both countriesGermany Spain Italy and Poland attack meI destroyed all there armys until they nuked my army then Russia invaded meThen I was AnnexedThe endwhat did we learn today?1 dont mess with europe"
,Recommended,282400,32965872,Posted: 28 June,all,not poop,"If you buy he game and refund it, you can still play it by launching it from he game directory."
,Recommended,282400,29031993,Posted: 5 January,all,Hjs02,Ban islam. 10/10. Nuke islam 10/10. No Kosovo 10/10. Ban spainish in armerica 10/10. Make the Soviet Union again 9.9/10. Plays as Taliban 0/10. Make the world strongest nuke that can wipe the whole of china once 10/10.
76561198001392344,Not Recommended,282400,12990395,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,BellatorMonk,Not even worth the $3. Crashes every 15-30 minutes making it annoying to even play.
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,282400,10192219,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,"NOTE: I have in fact played this game before, so I have more playtime experience than the steam counter claims. My review mostly compares the game to it's state prior to the steam ""special"" version.Utterly horrible. I bet most of the thumbs up reviews come from the fanboys that helped this trainwreck greenlighted in the first place.Right of the bat before I even beginn playing (or try to play...), I find out that the game only runs in windowed mode. After reading some threads on the game's steam forums, I find out that this is intentional because the game is so broken that it's devs can't even get this ""new and improved"" steam version of the game to run properly in fullscreen mode. Afterward, I got to play the game for like 5 min before it crashed.I also hear that the editor which is suppose to be a new feature is broken and doesn't work, though I haven't tested that myself. Really the whole idea that this is suppose to be a ""new and an improved version"" is just laughable.As for the actual game, it is still the same pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that it was before it came on steam. The AI is bad, the economy makes no sense (you can have insane income taxes without any real long-term penalties, basically removing lots of the challange out of the game), war is dull and not fun. This is really just a very bad game, and how this series even has fans is beyond me.Don't listen to the thumbs up reviews, they probably just come from the same small minority that got this pile of garbage greenlight in the first place.I am not even kidding, this is one of the first games in a long while that actually gave me buyer's remorse  in-spite of costing only 10 bucks.Avoid this disaster of a game at all costs."
,Not Recommended,282400,15611883,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,RootPew,"This would be a fantastic game, if it weren't for its consistent run-time crashes. Every 5-20 minutes, SuperPower 2 crashes out with a C++ runtime error; and diagnosing the problem appears to be isolated into a medium of witchcraft across the internet. Some people can fix it with mundane solutions; re-install the VC redists, or simply restart Steam - others however, unfortunately including myself, have had no such luck.Tested on two machines; PC (i7 5820K, 16GB DDR4, 3x GTX980), and a Laptop (i7 3770K, 12GB DDR3, GTX675M). The only similarity between the two being that both machines are used for development; and have fully up-to-date redists / libraries.The game seems to boast a lot of depth - and albeit it's a little aged at this point (and it's a little sad to play as Ireland before the economy with♥♥♥♥♥♥up), its level of complexity would be fitting for anyone looking to sink days/weeks/months into developing a third world Country into a superpower.. or turning France into a monarch which has banned cereal. If their machine is in the lucky configuration set that won't non-stop crash out."
,Recommended,282400,15991850,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Aimshal,"WHO NEEDS NUCLEAR WEAPONS WHEN YOU HAVE NUCLEAR POWERED MEN!I was 69 Years old, I loved the militaryWhen I tried to enroll they said I was too oldThey hit me and sent me awayToo old they say, Too feeble; I'll show them feeble and old.I spent 1,000,000,000 Dollars on my new body. I had the latest technology installed.Robocock. Check!Roboarms. Check!Robolegs. Check!Robobrain. Check!Robobody. Check!I was unstoppable, The army no longer called me feeble, Weak, Old, Useless, Terrible or a failure. They called me a Demon a monster. GODMUAHAHAHAHAH, YOU CANNOT STOP THE PINK ROBOKNIGHT I'll Slay you ALL! Gahahahahaha.In reality though, Superpower 2 Is quite a good game, Just disable nukes for gods sake if ever play online."
76561198017545913,Not Recommended,282400,21116296,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Sparta,"Warning do not waste your money on this game. This game should be free and even then is not worth the download space lol. Let me explain it has a bunch of bugs the economy system is crap, the military gaming is also crap and the politics is also well u get the point. the game has notting to offer other than loking at a globe and a bunch of flags. poor game controls, lillte if any game content, non realistic trading, and dont even make me go in the diplomacy how can cuba ask china to go to war with usa and russia at the same time just because china likes cuba a lil bit. wtf is that crap about. game interface is horrable this should have had stayed back in the stone ages. please donot waste your money. the only thing that is a lil fun is the nukes and even that is crap how can a country get nuked with 10000 nukes and still be habitable and no fallout ever happends. i give this game 4/10     2 out 5     mediocre    a joke   CANT STRESS IT ENOUGH ISJUST PLAIN AND SIMPLE CRAP"
,Recommended,282400,31266780,Posted: 20 April,all,garretttron,"Play AmericaStar war with mexico( Meanwhile Donald Trump is Laughting is but off becuse im invading mexico, but he can tell in any video game if thats happeing)Annex Meico Declare war on CanadaFire 10% of nukes at themUK joins war fire 50% of nukes of themNuke rest of eUrope at war with meI Gues I nuke Them to the Modern age (age before the Atomic age)  ( Atomic age started with the use of Nukes in WWII)"
76561198001584373,Not Recommended,282400,13207923,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Steiner,"Crashed every 10-15 minutes or so. Yeah, must be my drivers, I have 275 other games that don't crash :)Anyway, when it goes down to $2 again, maybe give it a shot on your system. But I wouldn't risk $10. No current mods. Was able to get Cold War working - maybe that crashes it. Who knows? There is obviously a core group that follows the game all these years, so it must work for them. Good luck!"
,Recommended,282400,29111138,Posted: 8 January,all,SL4ppy,How to be a dictator 2004 edition
76561198030844458,Not Recommended,282400,10863252,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,stcrispin,Alot more Lame than I remember SP1 being.  Also the full screen mode leaves the important combat functions off screen and unusable.  SP1 was fun.  SP2 is lousy by comparison.  Good thing it was so cheap
76561198006638292,Not Recommended,282400,11063935,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Hot Potato,"This game ♥♥♥♥ings sucks, what a dam rip off. Its full of glitches and bugs (cant move armys at times and budgets are near impossible since they are always increasing???) totally not worth the money was fun for lik first hour tying to figure out how the hell u play because the tutorial...u guessed it sucks major D like the rest of the game and basically teaches you all the menue titles but not what they actally do. Also dont plan on getting this if your resolution is set too large, game WILL NOT let you adjust any of it."
,Recommended,282400,23128726,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sephorus,"really fun, i recommend this"
76561198354214680,Not Recommended,282400,30732202,Posted: 25 March,all,Laidback Lub,horrible
76561198156569359,Not Recommended,282400,13158803,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ktd231,I though this game are good but it too simple cause not many functions and it boring.
76561198129052849,Recommended,282400,17808189,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,DarkTempest,"THE BEST GEOPOLITICAL SIM OUT THERE (and dirt cheap ;)) 8/10Everything is very detailed and there are a few tricks to learn in this game as in the beginning the tutorial is useless, but after a while you'll get a hold of it. Sometimes though, the simulator can be very unrealistic with the right options."
76561198147308357,Not Recommended,282400,11450277,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,l.binns69,i loved this game then i bought it on steam it will not work and i can not seem navigate this site to find out why or get money back and delete account so no i will not recomend it  as had no game play but paid for it i say   1 out 10    1 because the download worked and the money transfer  theres a suprise
76561198131650982,Recommended,282400,11687371,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Electro Vampyre,Worst buy ever constantly crashes
,Not Recommended,282400,11510365,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Matrix30815,The dev's just want money! Don't give them to them because they are not dev's just people trying something out. Muitplayer doesn't work either.
76561198029176926,Not Recommended,282400,31342824,Posted: 24 April,all,Mfsmm,"Step 1: Be PortugalStep 2 : tax your citizens with 89.9% tax.Step 3: sell your whole army and navy, Those cheap frigates suckStep 4: research and develop amazing units and name them with cool Portuguese personalities and animal names.Step 5 :conquer Saudi Arabia for their oil, but don't forget to free the region 5x times to get your foreign relations to 100%.Step 6: while your at it, get your old colonies back (looking at you Brazil).Step 7: ban Islam and Arabic and watch the arabs loose their heritage.Bonus: when your done nuke Russia and let the whole world loose against your superior armed forces.I would only recommend this game for people that enjoy a nice alternative world, or like to see their country rule the world. It's filled with bugs and the AI is dumb af, but I had some fun."
76561198059510155,Recommended,282400,17647681,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,pellets,Game won't start. I just want to nuke Japan.
76561198193856395,Not Recommended,282400,31134680,Posted: 14 April,all,tylerrosenow92,"Cool concept, but it's an old game, full of bugs, and the Devs are AWOL. The market is now saturated with games of this genre and I honestly couldn't recommend anyone actually spend money on this in the year 2017."
,Recommended,282400,25722421,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Lord-Protector Mana-Chan,"10/10-IGN Would be much better with improved mechanics like air force, army, and marine corps seperate with air bases maybe using a similar system to hoi 4 or defcon.>set name to Prez Trump>played as USA>Embargoed mexico>embargoed china>set offficial language to english>set official religon to protestant>made spanish illegal>declared war on china>nuked china>invaded mexico>legalized child labour>made freedom of speech and abortion illegal>closed the border to all immigration"
76561198071236210,Not Recommended,282400,12430121,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,TheGamingSnail,"not worht it,the interface sucks and the tutorial explains nothing!"
,Not Recommended,282400,12400131,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Ceva,This game is mostly military-war based game. 5% politics - 30% economy - 65% military. I won't recommend this game. If you want a more realistic game for political-military game I would definitely say Masters Of The World is much more better than this game.
76561198095994393,Not Recommended,282400,29410235,Posted: 21 January,all,Bill Nye the Dank guy,"If you really want a good game, get Supreme ruler ultimate. Yes, it's more expensive, but it's worth it. This game is BORING, with crashes and glitches that ultimately break down the game. I like the idea, which is why I recomend Suprem Ruler Ultimate, where you can actually INSTANTLY annex, set your difficulty, and do more stuff like that."
,Recommended,282400,23124080,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Longest Route,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Not Recommended,282400,26370457,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,S A D  B M O,hard game to learn have to put alot of time into it dont bu if your a noob like me
76561197970600590,Not Recommended,282400,15202431,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[PUG] Dentist,"Don't buy the game!It's so broken that you can't even start it when you have a new computer don't play with your money only if your are really sure that your hardware is outdated buy the game than you have a 50% chance that you can play it. i recommend you to install vista so you can play a broken game on a broken system. all i have to say is F*** this game.if you are asking yourself  how i got 5 min play time. the only not broken piece of the game is the configuration menu you can choose your desired screen setting and your able to tick the fullscreen box. you can choose 2 quality settings 32 bit and 16 bit and your graphics card. you don't get more interaktion so this game gets 0.10/10 because none of this actions influence the story or characters (or your graphics)  in the game, except for the fullscreen option were you can choose to have a big black box for 1/2 seconds or a smaller black box. i recommend you play cod or bf there you have the same amount interaction."
76561198020471068,Not Recommended,282400,29450432,Posted: 23 January,all,YPrizzler48,Simple the game doesnt work josua.exe is trash and will crash everytime
76561198066578175,Not Recommended,282400,12504112,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,BattleSarge,"This game is good for its time back in 2004, however, nowdays with games like Supreme Ruler and Victoria 2 etc, this game is extremely shallow and hard to enjoy.First off, the military aspect is SOOO gamey! Want 100k troops? Not a problem! Just click the 'train men' button and BAM, 100k troops in months. The battles are very boring as well, and military movement is horrendous.Diplomacy and politics are alright, but the AI never wants to accept any treaties. Ever. And they never make offers. So have fun with that.Overall, this game is not good anymore, and I would stay away from buying it. For a better experience get Supreme Ruler Ultimate or Victoria 2, as they are more up to date, and not over 10 years old."
,Not Recommended,282400,13544211,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wojtek,Boring as f**k no fun and no dept
76561198039430103,Not Recommended,282400,9891195,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,AllSeeingRedEye,"Still buggy, not the most stable verison of the game i have played. Would recommend a original copy though, with all updates/patches installed and any mods you might fancy . Easily downloadable, pirated or bought. Great Game though have spent many hours on it, played the first game also when i was younger but Super Powers 2 is a much superior game."
76561198012585067,Not Recommended,282400,23026893,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,WomBat,Complete and utter waste of money.
,Not Recommended,282400,26528921,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hOLDtHEdOOR,"The menus are all too small, I can't read anything without moving closer to the screen. Seems a fun game but the small menus and text is a game breaker, not playable."
,Recommended,282400,21833379,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,PCdudeserver,I've had the most fun conquering the world and being a military dictator in this game.
76561198089435934,Not Recommended,282400,12942361,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,didn't explain anything,Underwhelming.
76561198030886885,Not Recommended,282400,9879946,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,nick-k-87,"Very disapointed this game is played in a window rather than full screen!! This was never the case with the game previously. Love SuperPower 2, once you fix the window problem will change to a possitive review!"
76561198219051652,Not Recommended,282400,25584243,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,neville.ben1,DO NOT BUY WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Not Recommended,282400,24919168,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Zboy12302,Bad bad game
,Recommended,282400,10784735,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Camurinho,"Interesting game.Had good reviews so I bought it because it was under $5.Started to play because I spent money on it.Now, set a new category in your library because if this is in your library with the rest of your games in the same category, well I don't think you will be able to play another game. Whenever I am going to play another game, I see this game and wonder; what if I choose China this time and be allies with Russia.....or should I just go with the EU and take over Middle East or maybe choose a Middle Eastern country and let them live in peace for a change?Just hit add to cart and enjoy your dictatorship."
,Recommended,282400,10011230,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,elemage,i love this game it is quite enjoyable. it reminds of of the movie wargames and you know whats funny? the programs name is joshua.exe joshua was the sons name of the person who created the computer and joshua is also the computers AI name.
,Recommended,282400,10039526,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Crow,"If you like Geopolitical strategy games, this one is not too bad, compares to the Supreme Ruler series."
76561198129961516,Recommended,282400,9983240,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Jredfer1,"I have played the first superpower game back when I was a child; around 9 years old. Nevertheless, playing this ideally structured game has improved my social study grades and entertainment as well. I remember when I first purchased Superpower 2 when it was released in 2004 while I was entering my years in High School and learned quickly how well the game has improved. The issues, however, my computer previously at the time couldn't operate the game well due to a lack in SD RAM (at the time). Other than my unforunate hardware issues, the game also had a slight crash issue with Joshua (which has improved) and allowed the game to run more effeciently.The Multiplayer Community is creative, fun to roleplay with, and retrospective depending on the person. I have learned a wider array of global awareness while learning the essential's to SP2 RP'ing games. The game by far became at its' peak of entertainment when people fabricated real world like scenarios such as economic embargo's to foreign invasion. Don't mind me forgetting the radioactive fireworks (nukes). The game has so much potential in even increasing more and possible being recreated into a new geo-political getaway."
,Recommended,282400,10191809,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,_3_3_3_,"First off, use video config to play it at your resolution. Works well for me.About the game itself..... It's a deep geopolitical power brokering game, covering every byword you are likely to hear in a broadsheet newspaper or on some fiscally entertaining news bulletin.It's incredible how long ago the game was made, and yet how it still manages to apply to today.Intellectually appealing and stimulating, I am going to immerse myself in this bureaucratic power struggle for hours on end, I just know I am."
76561198011133206,Recommended,282400,10916342,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Chronos,"I remember playing this game a long time back and it still is very fun. It may not be for everyone though, so keep that in mind. As a geopolitical simulator, you may spend a lot of time looking at numbers and balancing a budget. If you like that (as I do), this game is for you. It's still got a few bugs, but hopefully the new versions I hope are coming will fix that."
,Recommended,282400,17507646,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,doogas,very confusing at first but can if u are dedicated it can be very interesting and fun
,Not Recommended,282400,17841379,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,joshthesmith,"Doesn't work a lot of the time for example I can't invade countries on my current PC, maybe due to windows 10 OS as it worked fine on my girlfriends laptop which was windows 8.1 however it crashes a lot consistently on both operating systems. This is apparently a known bug that you can't invade countries in certain instances however the dev's are unwilling to update from what I have seen so I don't recommend buying it in it's current state version 1.5.1.It actually worked great before on my windows 7 back when it was update 1.3 however it seems to be so much more unstable now, as if they broke more things while trying to fix something that never needed fixing in the first place.Not worth nearly £10 as it barely works."
76561198111672496,Not Recommended,282400,18088594,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,matthew.tobin01,"I had this game before on disc, but a Steamhead friend (what I call  Steam users) recommended this version since... it was the Steam Edition. I didn't like the disc version, and unfortunately the Steam Edition is the same. The controls and interface are non-intuitive, you have no clue what you are doing or what you are supposed to do, and everything is very, very ugly. I cannot in good faith recommend this game to anyone. I suggest that you do not purchase, even if it has the best sale."
76561198008068625,Recommended,282400,18271496,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,daaw_gees,Despite all the bugs I would still recommend this.  Be warned...sharp learning curve.
,Not Recommended,282400,18263980,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,[PMD]SR-71_Blackbird,"As of writing, my steam library contains 124 games. This game makes wish it was only 123.Not only is it a bug-ridden mess a termite mound could learn something from, the only fun I had with it was nuking everyone, which got old pretty much instantly (for example because nobody really... cared).Verdict: Stay away. Get a Paradox game or Civilization instead."
76561198045168909,Not Recommended,282400,18079310,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Lord Avondale,Very predictable and repetative after playing more than once.
76561198193271454,Not Recommended,282400,17832001,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Penguin-syndrome,It desn't work can I have my money back?
,Recommended,282400,16911279,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,iVernier,"Just bout to take over the entire world.Then I lost the elections.Online: AMAZING became Japan, people said "" Japans usin hi-tech"" while i slowly take my army to australia then the whole world started a war with me"
76561198051853328,Recommended,282400,17781123,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,rahstil,Great Game!
,Recommended,282400,16820512,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Adrian Gaming,"This game is an absolute gem.Arguably the most detailed and addicting geopolitcal simulator I have in my game library; I have been searching for a game like this for a while, and boy am I not dissappointed.This game competes with Victoria II. It's got the depth, its got the fun, and it's amazingly moddable.Buy it if you like Victoria II."
76561198007934268,Not Recommended,282400,16849251,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DazLegacy,"Game crashes all the time, do not buy until this problem is fixed!"
,Recommended,282400,16525651,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ARYeX,Unbelievable strategy Game ! but some There absurd logic
76561198120455681,Recommended,282400,13672475,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,justin_white8,"There are some good things about this game. 1. Detailed world map 2. Geo-political mechanics are realtively decent 3. Lots of options and can create your own units.Here are the problems.... 1. It crashes a lot. 2. Some countries it is too easy to rule. AKA USA, UK,CHINA 3. It's very very easy to have almost every nation on earth to declare war on you.For the price, and if you have a good system that can handle the game then you should get it, although there are some other simulation games that do better and are more fun than superpower 2. I wish there would be a superpower 3 but that will never happen."
,Recommended,282400,13669743,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GreekPontioc,Best strategy game
,Recommended,282400,13169805,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Buttface,"This game is great if you like starting World War 3 as Lithuania launching missile strikes against Chinese forces invading Cuba. The controls kind of suck, but the insanity that the AI will no doubt start makes it worth the issues of trying for 10 minutes to click the right unit"
76561198137077427,Recommended,282400,15891035,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,SINCLAD3,incredible game! hope they make a superpower 3 but this time with actual units not blocks
,Not Recommended,282400,15128355,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Zacharyan,"Okay, so I have crashing problems, and it seems pretty common with a lot of people. But down to the gameplay itself. The economy is very tricky to manage, and keeping a surplus is one of my favorite challenges for this game. But the military aspect is...sub-par. The best strategy is to merge every one of your units into one army unless the enemy has nukes. The multiplayer roleplay is very interesting, except when you get someone who manages to mess up the entire game. Diplomacy is as horrid as the military section. You have relations with certain countries from 100 to -100. If you get into a war with another country and a lot of people have high negatives, they may join. If you get 60 relations, you can form an alliance. If relations with alliance members drop too low, you lose the alliance. The multiplayer roleplay eliminates some of these faults as you don't play completely against AI.So,AI: EwEconomy: InterestingMilitary management: EhDiplomacy: Incredibly simple and linear."
,Recommended,282400,15876153,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cosmonaut,Takes over half of south america then gets attacked by half of the world 10000/10
76561198044109705,Recommended,282400,14542122,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nazdir™,Nuked France.11/10
76561198152165602,Not Recommended,282400,14567384,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,kshid,"I just couldn't get into this game.  It was not a game I could really immerse myself in.  It just felt like I was wandering in the dark just pressing/adjusting to see what would wrong.Plus, as others have stated it is buggy."
76561198045379907,Recommended,282400,14551291,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,MrJoeSmo,"The game superpower 2 is a really well done game. its really fun to see the random things occur, for example i was playing as the United States of America, and all of a sudden China nuked somebody (cant remember who as this was my first playthrough) and, it was just cool seeing other countries interact with each other, diplomaticly and economicly as well as with their armies. and the company behind the game is really good to say the least, they really value the customers, and make good products such as this. I really have no complaints to give. gg guys, gg."
,Recommended,282400,15302567,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Sawmana™,"Pretty legit.  Couldn't figure out how to transport troops with ships, but overall, a pretty good game.  Wouldn't mind seeing a Superpower 3."
76561198038173730,Recommended,282400,15246304,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,mano663300,"great game, the online experience is awesome"
,Recommended,282400,15219070,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,jkmoutoux,"This game when it was first released quickly became the baseline for which i rated all Geo-Political simulators. Has a steep learning curve for some, however those who like a more real time strategy game that brings all elements in a nice thought provoking game this is it!You likely wont get through a round  in an hour long session. Instead you will find you can spend weeks playing just one round. It was great back then and it is great here. It has crashed only twice on me in steam. So its pretty stable and patched."
,Recommended,282400,15260796,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Stelios,Very good for its price.
,Recommended,282400,10865035,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lunnatic,I have always loved this game. Played it for days on end when i was younger and now im no different. I can only hope and pray for SP3 at some stage but until that day SP2 is awesome (even with some bugs).
,Recommended,282400,10990212,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,toastghost73,Very good game
76561198097903066,Recommended,282400,11164987,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sirfartsalot,"Great game, takes a little bit to get used to it, but overall fun in-depth strategy game"
76561198068793529,Recommended,282400,11247711,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,AshCroft,"I'v have this game for a few weeks now, i'v tryed everything and every every one else as advised me to do and the game still wont f**king open, i give up."
,Recommended,282400,11179962,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[KOF]Chikin Nuggger,i recommend this game.   but i cant figure out the multiplayer lobbies. please fix.  ill host a server but my friend cant join.
,Recommended,282400,11351444,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,gadkinson,I play this game almost everyday 10/10
76561197990312278,Recommended,282400,12268233,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sapper,take time to learn the game and it can be very entertaining to nuke random countires hundreds of times in about 5 seconds
,Recommended,282400,12081168,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,The Cynical Canuck,So much fun I have put over 24 hour in it for $10 totally worth it.
76561198041611157,Recommended,282400,12242896,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,tamira750,"its A great gamecombined with ""RedCommunist's Mod"" it's updated to datethis version of this game is far more superior and ALOT more stableI give it 10\10 !"
76561198006604825,Not Recommended,282400,12225581,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Keiper,"I used to play SuperPower 1 and 2 back in the day, and had fun with both. Having lost both games over time for one reason or another, I decided to purchase Superpower 2 for Steam for nostalgic purposes. What I encountered was a little underwhelming.As other reviewers have pointed out, realism pretty much flies out the door with this one. One time I played as Croatia and, after an hour of play, had China randomly invade and annex me. In another game I watched online, Italy invaded and annexed China, then started eating up African countries, with no one in the world seemingly caring. I know there are realism mods out there, but as is, the game leaves much to be desired in this regard.Related to this is how the game's mechanics react to your decisions. Example: I started with a multi-party democracy nation with basic political freedoms, and then - practically overnight - outlawed every religion and language except one, removed freedom of contraception, freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, then transformed the government into a military dictatorship. You know what the drop in popular support was? MAYBE like 5%. I'm not kidding. It went back to normal after a while. Government stability didn't take a hit either. I had done this to see just how insane my nation would go, but discovered that it didn't do anything even negative in the short-term. For a supposed geopolitical simulator, that's a bit lacking.One of the most aggravating aspects of this game is the economic model. At first glance, it can seem like a wonderful simulation of the world trade, but after trying to figure the thing out...I just can't make a surplus. Well, to be fair, I did once, but I don't even remember how I did it. I've tried various methods, and I've read tutorials online on how to set up your economy, but nothing seems to work. I've dealt with the economic models in other games from a variety of developers, and even if they were at first difficult, I managed to figure them out after a while. SP2, however, has a model that will aggravate the casual gamer and give them headaches, trying to figure out how to keep those numbers from getting red again.One of the few things I appreciate about this game is the way wars and armies are done. Unlike SP1, which were a bit more clustered and limited to various cities, you can move armies around the map like you could in real life, and let them engage across a wider front. It's fun to see the symbols flying around on the spec-ops-style map, and watch the battles between two sides unfold.Is SP2 worth purchasing? I honestly don't think it's worth even $10. It can be that one game you take out every year and play for a while, before you remember why you uninstalled it in the first place, but it probably won't be something you play on a regular basis."
,Recommended,282400,11704238,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,⎛⎝ EricTheFritz ⎠⎞,All of the reviews are right. This game is a lot of fun and has amazing potential. All the negative things are true as well though.
,Recommended,282400,11760047,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,so sweet I kill diabetics,"I turned Australia into a facist military dictatorship and became a nuclear power; all while under martial law with polligamy being legal but birthcontrol, abortion, womens sufferage and emigration being illegal. 13/10I bought this 75% off expecting it to be complete junk; gotta be honest. It's actually fairly good. You get to control the legality of trade and a few hot-topic issues, enact treaties, declare war, launch nukes, do sneaky spy stuff (including wetwork and general terrorism), help the poor, feed the hungry, steal resources, make it illegal to buy or sell plastics...It does gitch out sometimes though and the path finding isn't the best. Still, worth the $10 price-tag."
76561198116803145,Recommended,282400,11761681,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Turts,"i'm loving this game, trying to take over the world as ireland is so hard but so much fun"
,Recommended,282400,11825708,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Path,Very good game but the MULTIPLAYER SUCKS!!!! It takes damn near a computer wizard just to figure out how to get a match running all my friends bought this game and we can't even play together cause none of us can figure out how to host a game that lets anybody in. And I have had no luck with finding any guides on how to fix that issue so somebody really needs to get on it.
76561197975406243,Recommended,282400,11683106,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,[C13] Romanian Plain,"Played as Australia, built up an army, invaded whoever i pleased, UN did nothing LOL10/10"
76561198013363137,Recommended,282400,11679156,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Chop84,"It certainly feels gratifying to start a nuclear war against a worthy foe, especially when conventional and diplomatical means gets you nowhere."
76561198007625587,Recommended,282400,10983427,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Olympic Autist (Weaponized),"Timeless classic! ♥♥♥♥ed muh pants when I found this was on steamIf you have trouble playing the game, this is a good source to check out:http://superpower.wikia.com/wiki/SuperPower_2"
,Recommended,282400,15337090,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,-[FF-A]- Drewski,You can nuke the whole world.-20/10
76561198007956161,Not Recommended,282400,16152435,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jobro_06,"Overall a good game, but what kills it for me is that you spend hours and hours playing it, only to be beaten not by other countries but by the infamous ""Autarky Bug"". Incase for those who don't know what it is, it is basically a bug that comes later on during the game where everyone or most of the world's countries have become self sufficient and hence no longer want to buy anything on the world market. In simple terms, when all the world's countries produce everything they want ""meet their demands"", they no longer want to buy from you. This in turn causes your economy/personal income to slowly deplete/decrease over time. The bug basically sends you back to the stone age and apparently there is no other way around this bug just yet.So for those thinking about buying this game, don't do it till they fix the ""Autarky bug"". Otherwise its your money down the drain as I've found out."
76561198111951799,Not Recommended,282400,14767720,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,CADD244,it dosen`t even work.  (joshua.exe error)
76561198078795780,Recommended,282400,15042519,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Totenliste,"This game is great while it is working, but the random crashes are kind of killing my enjoyment of the game."
76561198168088393,Recommended,282400,15045424,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Kor-wjsgur3378,"Oddly, the sdk error're breaking my home computer only.Keomteo doedeonde well in school ... you know if solution is appreciated."
76561198076749630,Recommended,282400,14824056,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,wfreymuth,The game is quite good in general but the economic simulator is quite bad.
76561198113373333,Recommended,282400,15088472,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jalapeño,"Good game, specially if you play multiplayer, as multiplayer makes the game extremely realistic. Altough many people may not like this game, as they don`t like geopolitical simulator, people who likes them will enjoy this game very much. Love it or hate it"
76561198134696303,Recommended,282400,14345735,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,adam.w52,"Made the mistake of nuking russia, long story short its the enite planet vs. U.S.A holding out in NYC lot of nukes fired by both sides over a billion dead"
76561198047248206,Recommended,282400,14240692,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,UnknownDuck,Played as RussiaNuked ChinaEnd11/10
,Recommended,282400,14630518,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Zalaegerszeg ザラエゲルセ,I think this game is very Realistic. Very good graphics and you can nuke Finland 11/10
76561198101069278,Recommended,282400,13510958,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bruin the Great,"-I get Superpower 2 and decide to play with friends-Choose the Philipines-Friends are Ukraine, Venezuela, and Vietnam-Make Philipines a Communist government-population becomes unhappy-corruption is at 68%, an all time high for me-Vietnam and Venezuela decide to show me how to fix things-1 year passes-I privatize all exports and tax them 80%-go out from trillions of dollars of debt into trillions of dollars-corruption is at 3% and lowering-Vietnam has taken Laos, allies with China and North Korea-I ally with Ukraine-Venezuela is a lone wolf building his financial greatness-I decide to take Estonia for being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Vietnam goes ""That's not a very good idea""-I go ""420 blaze it yolo""-I invade Estonia-Take it over within a day-I possess great military-Entire EU invades me-I tell Ukraine to help me-""lol no Im bros with Russia""-Get split in half by Mexico and Russia-Exit Game-Rejoin as Turkey-Begin to develop nukes-Invade Ukraine for not helping earlier-he does nothing, so I don't invade anymore-EU invades me again-Nukes at 99% andalmost ready to launch-die before I can launch10/10 would upset the EU again"
,Recommended,282400,11718662,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Strits,"Training cell, assign to russia, framed on US. Done"
76561197992854600,Not Recommended,282400,11740705,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Valazzar,"Quite buggy, i'm getting alot of weird crashes where the game just ends for no apparent reason or it crashes hard to desktop with an unhandled exception.Apart from that, its quite interesting in its mechanics although it has a steep learning curve (almost all countries have a completely defunct economy to begin with)."
,Recommended,282400,10963820,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheGermanMarine,"Yes, But it does need some work. Sometimes when you issue an order it says you carried it out but you don't. Sometimes the AI stops working. These are things that the creators of this game will be working on. Once new patches are released this game will be killer. I would buy it if you like Strategy, Simulation or just the MILITARY for ANY country. You can be communist, Military Dictator Ship, etc. You can declare war, Limit Children, or Legalize Same Sex Marriage. Ban Condoms and other sex items. Go green or go soley on Fossil Fuels. The desicion is yours so take it and make it."
,Recommended,282400,11533099,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Dracul,"I bought this game in 2005 as CD version, but after I switched to Win7 64bit I wasn't able to install it anymore.+1 for the Steam Version because it runs fine & stable on Win7 64bit!Oh man, I missed this game so!"
76561198146130363,Not Recommended,282400,17060942,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Temüjin,"This game have too many bugs, i made a list.1 Some achievements you can not get, like conquor the world2 The worst bug is that after 15-40 years in the game, every nation in the world is an Autarky and the world economy crashes. (you can not sell anyting on the world market). Your state balance will go in the deep red.3 You can not invade some area's and can not annex some nations.4 Effects of goverments are sometimes not noticeble, other times they will ruin your production.Do not buy this game!"
,Recommended,282400,17557027,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Windows 95,"The game itself (while being alittle older than others) is still amazingly fun and addictive especially when you have friends to play with. Great game, definitely worth the money. It MAY (emphasis on may) get boring after a while though, just a warning to some who are constantly looking for something new. Over all though, again definitely worth every cent.*Warning to all multiplayer people/seachers*There are very few servers and sometimes they are passworded, but the people are absolutely friendly as can be."
,Recommended,282400,17561306,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Anton Slavik,One of the best simulators out there. Nothing like restoring Germany into the dominant military power in the world and making them go nuclear and securing a 90k per capita GDP.
,Recommended,282400,17787043,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Danny Tanner,"Amazing game. At first I was confused on how to control everything (mainly the military) but just a couple minutes of research I was fine and well, dominated all of Europe."
76561198161661130,Recommended,282400,18712627,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Eric Harris,"Considering it came out in 2004, this has aged really well. I enjoy the fact that I can turn Somalia into one of the richest nations in the world and dominate all of eastern Africa with my armed forces. Yes the game can crash and has many issues, but it's still fun to play."
76561198256346733,Recommended,282400,18607368,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,oiiio,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes games like these and is up to a challenge!Not only does this game guve you the oppurtunity to become a Stalin or a Bush, it also let's you turn a country from a sh#t hole into a paradise.Don't get to aggressive though,  the world might invade you if you annex to much countries or wage alot of wars."
76561198119592223,Recommended,282400,18631283,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Delta 23,"The game is fun but the warfare system IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID apparently building 10,000 tanks is enough to take on the words military and dont even get me started on the stacking which basicly means HEY LETS JUST SEND IN MY WHOLE MILITARY AND SEE WHAT HAPPANS and if you lose then your basicly screwed I honestly think that the creators were high when they making the way war works in this game it has no strategic value but if you can suck it up and get past this and hopfully get into a server that doesnt allow players to do that (which is very unlikely) then this is a pretty fun game yeah its old and by god its laggy as hell but still fun even though everyone is an Hitler wanna be and take over the world and♥♥♥♥♥♥but what ever cant really play an RP game without it turning into world domination honeslty though if you want to be baned from every RP game server ever because you want to stop somone from taking over the world or you just try to have a conversation with the people in your game then dont play this"
76561198248166524,Recommended,282400,18578387,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,jnorland23,This is the best rts game ever because its based off the world. It may be old but it is fun to watch at random when countries go to war. Certain countries nobody gives a f if you attack them. Its hilarious.
76561197969186575,Recommended,282400,15208167,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,AGENT POOLE,Absoloutly awesome game always loved this game and always will
,Recommended,282400,21755078,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mr. Fails,"I dont normally write reviews for games, but for this game, i would 100% recommend buying this game, that is if you are the type of person who wants to know how it would be like to try to take over the world or even create world peace."
76561197990677110,Not Recommended,282400,21568388,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,JD,"Well, this game looks like it could be fun. I'll let you know when the game stops crashing and tell how much fun it is. If that ever happens.4/10, should rename this game to SuperCrash 2."
,Recommended,282400,21521997,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,PussPuss™,"Good and interesting game, very small community - and a very bad one.Why?Most of the players I had the displeasure to witness are stuck up, limp wristed losers with a strong Napoleon complex and a grusomely grotesque sense of entitlement, whom will use any excuse to kick & ban you - even for a simple reason such as that they don't like you. That or outright illiterate, ""knowitall"" armchair socialists.All in all, the A.I. of the game is much more sympathetic."
76561198031754927,Not Recommended,282400,21787879,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Finlandball,2 years straight of runtime errors with no fixes. Looks like the Devs all died at their keyboards.
,Not Recommended,282400,21162196,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,yellowosiris,"I have to say first off that this game has potential and seems to be a pretty decent game with economy, politics and war. You can play as most countries in the world and be allies or enemies with whoever you want and did I mention nuclear wars!!!!!HOWEVER, the game keeps crashes for me what seems like every 2-15 minutes, so in the 8+ hours so far is has crashed many, many, many times :( I have looked on forums/other reviews and it seems as though there is no fix for this and many more people are experiencing it (it doesn't seem to be all so if you are lucky enough then go for it). I just wish the developers would fix as it could be a great game otherwise. Would only suggest it is purchased when heavily discounted. Such a shame.**Update: I do want to keep away from this game, but keep coming back, so tried windowed mode and although it still crashed eventually, it lasted 1 1/2 hours this time so a big improvement."
,Recommended,282400,18630831,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Rooty Tooty Point and Shooty,"A great modern-themed Grand-Strategy game. Unit Designer adds a bit of flavor to it.If you're into these sorts of games then it's a must have. If not, i don't see why you shouldn't have, other than that you may not enjoy it."
76561198061511951,Recommended,282400,21146741,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Zarigan,Meh?
76561198172690899,Recommended,282400,30708749,Posted: 24 March,all,Stell,"Good party:-Very Interesting game with many things to do in-Does not have frame rate issues-The A.I. occasionally goes to war, so there is happening something in the game most of the time-It's a very simple game in a good way-It's very fun when it works!Bad parts:-The game crashes every fiften minutes-It does not want to start sometimes-Save games get deleted for no reason...-Crashes when i save game sometimesConclusion: The game is a buggy mess... but if the the game developers would fix the glitches, Super Power 2 would be a great game. It has a big potential, I recommend it"
,Not Recommended,282400,21289210,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,9th Level Ω Male,"The game is pretty cool I guess. Trying to manage your economy is very interesting and involved. But the combat is just so absolutely horrible and broken it's disgusting. Absolutely horrible in the way that 500 tanks, 100 ground attack aircraft, 70,000 infantry and 500 artillery will lose to 1000 Infantry Fighting Vehicles. In 2003, 2 years after the game start, so technology is not a factor here. Fighter jets get shot down by infantry EN MASSE, IFV's will slaughter hundreds of tanks en-masse and take ZERO losses. It's just absolutely godawful."
,Recommended,282400,21251850,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,VINTAGE Pyth0n,This is a good geo-political simulation game. 11/10
,Recommended,282400,21275254,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Amber Firefly,Really fun multiplayer roleplay servers are what really make this game fun.Although my first experience in one saw China nuking the middle east piror to ragequitting...
76561198165392550,Not Recommended,282400,21329563,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,westley_martin,i cant connect online for multiplayer
76561198092999363,Not Recommended,282400,21538317,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Geno1664,"This game is too simple for its own good. While yes, a game can be simple and still be deep, when it comes to grand strategy, a certain degree of complexity is required. This game leaves the player with too few options, and about half have almost no impact. I could recomend the Paradox grand strategy games over this(Europa Universalis, Hearts of Iron) over this game. Hell, if you want a modern-theamed strategy game, go with Democracy 3 instead. This game is not good or bad, just bland and mediocore, and not worth the ten dollars on steam. If you want this game, please buy it off GOG rather than steam, where it is cheeper."
76561198195844245,Recommended,282400,20461371,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,That One Rifleman,"One of the greatest RTS games I have owned. Despite being a old game, and some use this as an excuse to bypass the game, its still an outstanding game that can keep you hooked for hours. Multiplayer sessions can be worthwhile if you have the time, creating an interesting roleplay experience. Whether it be choosing between two alliances and eventually creating a Second Cold War, leading to a large scale global conflict, or a game of diplomacy and peacekeeping. With the amount of countries, single player can always offer a new experience, allowing for you to try a different style. Overall, one of the best games I have purchased."
76561198094805223,Recommended,282400,20634823,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Abccheeseball,its okay.
76561198013227455,Recommended,282400,20572488,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,cheezweezle,"Despite desperately needing a patch to stop whatever is causing it to crash after an hour or two, the game itself is awesome and delivers a depth of gameplay I havent seen in games for a long time.To those who would like to conquer the world; this is the cheap and non-messy way of doing it.Have fun"
,Recommended,282400,20140920,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Apone,Tried to remake soviet union then lost because my economy failed 11/10
,Recommended,282400,20167878,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Firstguy1,Neat game for a small price. Would definitely pick up if you like geopolitical simulators.
,Recommended,282400,30732720,Posted: 25 March,all,GloriousCock,Güzel ama amına koyim isterseniz gdpniz 999 trilyon olsun bi nükleer savaş çıktımı yarragı yiyorsunuz
,Recommended,282400,21810259,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,President Nataly Ahmad,"Honostly, This is one of my favorite games I know it was made in 2002, But still I like their style, Instead of like some mass game that half of the time crashes your computer, If I could I would rate this 10/10. -Abram Rostok 2k16."
,Recommended,282400,17476543,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Milkor,nuclear winter simulator 2015.
76561198131514945,Not Recommended,282400,16868592,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,JRErickson,"Game crashes after 15minutes of gameplay everytime. A quick glance on discussion boards or google shows it's a common thing. With seemingly no resolution. Been running on windows xp compatiability mode, have vc++ redistribs, game is just broken."
76561198082601791,Recommended,282400,16463917,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,rubish 1,Lybia buys out the entire world market for tanks and beats china. game crashes. ggalso russia nukes holy see with 1000 nukes :D
,Recommended,282400,16870581,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Satan,nukes are fun
,Recommended,282400,17484500,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Jesus,"Started playing with Madagascar, took some time to stablize the economy, made a decent army :P, sent 1 soldier to attack USA, the whole world was after me.Kept units on defense, nation after nation, and nations with nations attacked me, the whole world lost its army and I barely lost few thousands of my tanks and few hundreds of my ships.Attacked every nation at once, destroyed remaining forces. Took some time to declare global annexture(country by country) and there it was! One single nation called ""Madagascar"". I bet everyone was happy at the end (not really nation, stability was about to rekt me).P.S. France is annoying, attacked me more number of times than USA."
,Recommended,282400,28651172,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Senior..Citizen Slimber,Great game!!! This is probably one of my favorite simulation games of all time! I undoubtfully recommend it!!
76561198205358951,Recommended,282400,28577052,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DeutschPlayer,"I love this game, you are a country and expanding, i like it so much, but i wish it was districts you capture instead of massive regions"
76561198132124576,Recommended,282400,28653174,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mr. machofishguything,nuke everyone
,Recommended,282400,28750289,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dangerous Tangerine,"send all of your 2000+ nukes anywhere, anytime!"
,Recommended,282400,28762258,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Giddletick,"Great game for Numberjerks.The Game crashes ""quite often"", but in the look it's an very old Game it is running fine (Win 7). Experience only in SP.AI agressivity must be mid high (60-80%), otherwise it feels like the enemy only tries to fix ther economy and do nothing else. Or just play with war Treaties to crush their diplomatic reliance in the deep red."
,Recommended,282400,28961850,Posted: 2 January,all,Andrewh3153,One of my favorite games. There should definitely be a superpower 3.
,Recommended,282400,28732069,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zephyr,would love a modernized Super Power 3 with more depth and fluff :)
,Recommended,282400,28944417,Posted: 2 January,all,Shy,"*Disclaimer: sorry for my bad english, i'll try my best to give this game a review that makes sense*Superpower 2 is a great game, it lets you control entire countries, from the economic, military and politc view, the game it's not complicated, actually its controlls are very simple, letting you change a lot of stuff in your country in a few seconds (even if the menus are badly designed and counterintuitive)i would not recomend this game to everyone, even if the controlls are fairly easy, the difficulty is atrocious, and the pacing very slow (i find these good things, but i guess not everyone likes it), if you're looking for a deep political/strategy game, grab it up, but if it's not your jam i suggest you look for something else"
,Recommended,282400,28868446,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Legomover,Great Game one of the best political games ever
76561198124938729,Recommended,282400,23470557,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,jackmcgarrigle01,This game is in fact incredible and i would recommend this to anyone how is big into strategy. the thing I really like about it is the fact that there is now turn base system so there no waiting for other countries turnKinnda annoying when countries just decide to invade other countries for the lols. And there is too many tool bars.-8/10
76561198256856883,Recommended,282400,23349743,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Appeal du' Komintern,Superpowers 2 is an amazing sandbox game and goes really indept. It is a great game and you should try it. The only complaint is there are a few bugs and stability issues
,Recommended,282400,23193623,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Anarchaotic,"Very fun simulator, with a lot of depth.Unfortunately, the multiplayer sucks now. I'm not sure if it was ever very active, but it appears that the only people on multiplayer (all 11 of them, across all current servers) are a bunch of unhelpful♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who will kick/ban you the second you join without giving a reason, or speaking to you at all.I suggest finding a group to play with, and creating your own private game."
,Recommended,282400,23265357,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,StarlessTrooper,This game is so buggy that Trinidad invaded Tobago
76561198271850010,Recommended,282400,21338567,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,J1mJ0mz118,Really fun game but it really needs a brand new version as its getting old and the servers dont work and its getting abit out-dated still would buy it though!
76561198069221391,Recommended,282400,31031086,Posted: 8 April,all,ishizakisean,This game is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,282400,30123194,Posted: 23 February,all,Marty McBlyat,"The learning curve for getting into this game is quite steep, but once you overcome it, the game really opens up. I noticed some bugs when playing, but nothing game-breaking. 8/10"
76561198067655493,Recommended,282400,32229329,Posted: 6 June,all,Final Legion,"Making Germany great again- first glitch the economy so that I make a ridiculous amount of money so that I can fund government spending at max and field a massive army, then conquer europe, after taking russia immediately take over china, after china see that the massive population of china negates the economy glitch then kick myself in the head for having no idea how to work with the economy at that point of no return, restart the game one year in and get impatient, repeat"
76561198253211875,Recommended,282400,32164766,Posted: 3 June,all,appropriate name,lit
76561198091543769,Recommended,282400,32154192,Posted: 3 June,all,zomjey,fun to roleplay in. at first the game can be confusing but it gets better.
76561198160263796,Recommended,282400,32283560,Posted: 8 June,all,ThePelicanThing,"Good, crashes, but a very nice geoploitical simulation. I recommend multiplayer as a great option to really increase the fun you'll get out of this."
76561198183520583,Recommended,282400,32741448,Posted: 24 June,all,Pole|Star|☪,Oyunu gayet iyi bir taktiksel yönetim simulatörü arkadaşlarınız ile oynayınca daha zevki oluyor
,Recommended,282400,18099567,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Blitzkrieg-ing_Fubuki,"The more you play it, the more you realize the game is stupid as♥♥♥♥♥♥Bugs , random crap happening , Fiji in 2162 with 50 billion population , etc...But it's damn fun , that's why I keep coming back for more.Recommended because bias much."
76561198133654915,Recommended,282400,32840956,Posted: 26 June,all,DarkRedWolf,Nice 7 of 10
76561198284550584,Recommended,282400,30585827,Posted: 18 March,all,TheLonelyChromosome,>Start as Uganda>Economy is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥>Annex Rwanda & Burundi>Sell lands to Belgium>Diplomatic relations 100%>Give me dat foreign aid>Make Belgium my ♥♥♥♥♥ and assume my debt>Continue this for some time>Year is 2079>Uganda covers all of Africa>Virtually a super power now>Belgium turns into third world ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥>For some reason every 5 years China nukes me>Annex the lands I gave to Belgium and give to Russia>100% Diplo relations>China insta nukes Russia>China is insta ♥♥♥♥ed by Russia>Problem solved>Belgium gets jelly and declares war on me>You and what army...>All of Europe on Belgium's side>Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥>Russia procedes to single-handedley butt♥♥♥♥ the whole of Europe and takes over everything>Use Russia as my guardian angel>Year is 2152>Uganda is the only superpower>US is nothing but smoldering craters thanks to Russia>Russia becomes a third world ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ due to me forcing it to take my crippling debtSponsor an African today
76561198128899175,Recommended,282400,11533077,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,TheErciyasLar,"So, as you can see, i think i have a sufficient amount of playing time in this game. Here is my opinion on it:Meh, its fine."
,Recommended,282400,34305401,Posted: 17 August,all,Flying High,Very GODZE Game for the best players in the world
,Recommended,282400,34851348,Posted: 9 September,all,Captain_Marine☢,"I still haven't figured out how to work my economy.Still recommend it though, it looks fun once you get the groove of it."
76561198067407001,Recommended,282400,22904033,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Benghazi,IS BKLACK CRASH ALL TIME JOSH DOT EXEET DOENST REPSOND CANT PLEY
,Not Recommended,282400,32904004,Posted: 27 June,all,bureaquete,"Great game in its time, but broken and frustrating as hell today."
