user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198297184343,Not Recommended,282560,32230269,Posted: 6 June,all,weenhillage,"I spent $60 on this game last year.  I didn't do my homework, had no idea of it's horrible history and was still fairly new to the concept of today's scams know as ""Early Access"".  I just thought ""HEY NEW RCT GAME! i need dis.""I was naive.  I was wrong.  RCTW is ugly as hell.  There is no covering that up with scenery because everything has a strict placement grid so decorating is frsuterating to the point where you just want to leave everything bare. Large groups of ugly poorly animated guests just vanish in an instant.  Building a coaster is kind of cool at first glance.  There are different axises to build in and it seems to be very physics based, however I spent hours tweaking a coaster only to finally call it a failure and scrap it.Today it is selling for $17 but I wouldn't even drop that much money on it.  They said it left the early access phase but that was a lie.  There is absolutely no point in buying this game now that Planet Coaster is out.  Maybe try this is if drops to the five dollar range.  (it will)"
,Not Recommended,282560,26623192,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DeJay,"Here we go;Bad SimulationBad FramerateBad GraphicsBad Communication from the DeveloperPoor future planPoor bug fixesPoor codingPoor attempt at pleasing everyonePoor attempt at keeping what an RCT game even isPoor Game life it's had due to having 3 seperate developers.Overall i wouldnt recommend this to anyone. If this changes in the future than fair enough but as it stands now its is not a full product. Releasing this product as a full game is ridiculous and i wouldnt be surprised if Trading Standards in the UK fined the publisher and/or Steam removes it from its services. The game did not live up to anything originally promised along with the fact that it has had basically no optimization done too it throughout the entire time of it being in Alpha. Not only that but releasing this a day before its competitors when its no where near feeling like a full game just goes to show how much of a waste, scam and poor attempt at trying to make your own market with an already estabilshed franchise went for this publisher/developer."
,Not Recommended,282560,28187750,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,zach8870,Get Planet Coaster.
76561198104812527,Recommended,282560,22404436,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Dr. Chuckles,"Most of the positive reviews of this game are getting down voted out of existence, so I am going to try and be as fair as possible.  Most of the negativity surrounding this game is based on how overwhelmingly buggy it is right now.  That is 100% true.  But it’s still an awesome game.I can already feel all those negative fingers twitching over their keyboards waiting to drown me in hateful comments, but let me explain my reasoning first.  I agree: THE BUGS ARE EVERYWHERE.  Early access may even be a little misleading in this one.  When I hear early access, the first thing that comes to my mind is one of those new indie games that’s totally functional, but needs a lot more content.  This is not that.  This is early early access… This game is Super ****ing Mega early access.  We are basically alpha testing this bad boy.  If you are not willing to occasionally fight through bugs or lose a coaster once or twice, don’t buy this game.  The fact that they are still charging full price for something so incomplete is my biggest issue with the game right now.  Almost every aspect of this game has at least one significant issue that needs to be worked out.However, I ended up giving this a thumbs up because all of the problems are seem to be superficial.  When they are fixed, I am 100% sure this game will be fantastic.  All the bugs, such as, the faulty AI, the wonky EID ratings (excitement/intensity/nausea), the path placing issues, etc. that everybody is complaining about are all very fixable.  I have played many games (early access or otherwise) that were just inherently bad.  Bad concept, bad controls,  un-navigateable menus, bad whatever…  But keep in mind, this game is Super ****ing Mega early access, and the core of the game, the most important part, is rock solid.And what is the core?  To me, the most important part of any theme park simulator is the coaster editor itself.  I have seen many negative reviews claiming that this one is over complicated and hard to use.  I struggle to even wrap my head around these claims.  When I first started playing this, before reading a single review, my first thought was, “Man, this coaster editor is ****ing amazing! It’s so easy to use!”  I hate to step on people’s toes, so I’ll stomp them instead.  If you put any actual effort into figuring out how to use to use the editor instead of giving up after 5 minutes, anyone in their right mind would be forced to agree that this is by far the most elegant and free form coaster editor yet.  There are practically no limits to what you can do.  Besides, even if the node editor somehow isn’t for you, the prefab piece editor is still present and works just fine.  Although I encourage you to take all other complaints and reviews you read seriously, it is important to me that everyone laugh in the face of any person that says the coaster editor is hard to use ;).  Kidding…  By the way.  But, seriously the coaster editor is awesome.Since the other reviewers have so completely covered the specifics of the many bugs, I don’t feel compelled to cover them in my review.  In any case, I am confident that given time, they will all be fixed.CONCLUSIONThis game is not even close to being done and full price is fairly unreasonable.  DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT SOMETHING FULLY FUNCTIONAL.  Give it more time, it’ll get there.  But if you’re like me and you get a kick out of seeing a game in its early stages and watch it fill in, give it a go.  If you want to give a game a negative review because its buggy while in early access, maybe don’t buy early access games in the future…  You clearly don’t appreciate the development process.  (people complaining about the bugginess to price ratio excluded)"
76561198222951668,Not Recommended,282560,29656039,Posted: 2 February,all,pls fuck me,What are you doing in this game page? Go to Planet Coaster's page.
,Not Recommended,282560,29132326,Posted: 8 January,all,Apples,Get PlanetCoaster
76561198102091455,Not Recommended,282560,32771682,Posted: 25 June,all,BranAda,"I had high hopes when I originally bought this game, since the first three games were absolutely amazing. But having played it, I found myself very disappointed. The controls are complicated, the park simulation is confusing. Honestly, Planet Coaster is what this game should have been. Get Planet Coaster instead."
76561198005971204,Not Recommended,282560,28159665,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MPLAY7,"-- Biggest Video Game Flop of the Century --An absolute disgrace from Atari releasing this abomination!Quality Control Team went awol.-Very poor animations-Very poor peep visaul art, peeps are very ugly.-Very poor peep AI-Very poor and buggy pathing-Very poor and dated graphics-In Game UI looks like a place holder.-peeps walk through each other all the time.-peeps have clones of them selfs. you see like 5 of the same peep.-No motion blur setting in the options.-Game has no soul, life less game.RCTW is the worst game ever. It was rushed out of Early Access with no care for anything.Buy Planet Coaster instead."
76561198152289869,Not Recommended,282560,33789593,Posted: 25 July,all,HighImAdam,"Hmm.. Where to start, Obviously you can tell most reviews are negative, with that said I still decided to purchase the game, mostly for the fact it was only $15 which I could spare and because I was interested to experience this game for myself being a huge fan of RCT.Also, I have not played Planet Coaster...yet....(just to let anyone know im not comparing)Pros (for me)- Coaster building is awesome, at first it tooksome time to figure the controls and menu but quickly it was very simple- Workshop is awesome, adds some more content to the game depending on what you're looking for- Visually the game for me is an enhanced version of RCT3 maybe thats a bad thing for some butfor me it was fine (im not picky on graphics in tycoon games)- Scenery, mainly center pieces, huge waterfall, temple, mine cave, for building coasters around or in, very cool- Camera, reminds me of the sims 3 camera very easy to move, zoom in zoom out etc... except..CONS ugh...- You CANNOT color/colour rides. ONLY coasters- You CANNOT build rollercoasters undergound or make them pass underground at all. (THIS KILLED ME)- You CANNOT curve queue pathways BUT you can curve normal pathways. ????????????????????- Entrances And Exits for Rides CANNOT be moved and are already placed.- Landscaping tool is way too slow and way too small for big projects...but without having anything underground whats the point....- The coaster camera.... When you're in the front seat, the back of the seats are all cut off, Also when the coaster is going at a good high speed it does this ""realistic"" type of thing for the camera, basically making it blurry and giving you montion sickness..good maybe.. but not for me.- Navigating the menus is such a pain.... first of all. why would you put icons of rollercoasters for each different type of rollercoaster in the coaster building menu, WHEN YOU CANT EVEN TELL THEM APART ! THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME, forcing you to hover over each name to find out what type it is. Also finding reports of income, staff, advertising, etc, is all a pain to get to.- When I first loaded the game it was completely blurry, I had to turn my POV to 100% anything below that and its blurry as a foggy night on the east coast in fallOverall, this game does have potential... that is if the developers are going to be updating it...The price has me worried that they've given up and what we have is what we have, if so then I cannot recommend this game. If they were to update the game and change what they clearly missed the mark on doing then yes.ALL I WANT IS TO BUILD UNDERGROUND AND CHANGE THE COLORS OF MY RIDES !!!!! WHYYY!!!!"
76561197961184525,Not Recommended,282560,28206095,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Najir,"Introduced my girlfriend to this game.She played 6 hours straight.Game crashed after 6.30 hours without warning.no autosave -  everything lost - girlfriend cried - ruined our day.Bought Planet Coaster.Lived happily ever after.This game could've been a little more to me, but alas, refund period expired."
76561197963761781,Not Recommended,282560,26670696,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Gman,This is my first review I feel so strong about this I felt I had to say this STAY AWAY FROM TRHIS GAME!!!-The only way to be creative is to use third party 3D modeling softwear-The level of detail is the same as a $10 game made in 2005 yet they ask $35 in 2016 for it-They rushed out of early access to beat another roller coaster game coming out less then one day after this one
76561198013100362,Not Recommended,282560,22180742,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,CrimsonSun,"While Planet coaster is vastly superior in terms of graphics, object placement, freeform coaster building, ride and peep animations, terrain, bugs/crashes, and a charming atmosphere even at its alpha stage, we still have to wait until the end of the year for a game with any sense of challenge or park management.In the meantime we have to hope that RCTW improves to satisfy our park management cravings while we wait.These pros and cons are against other major FINISHED park management games like RCT 1, 2 and 3.PROS (THINGS THAT ARE BETTER THAN THEY WERE 12 YEARS AGO):-There are curved paths.-You can build a truly freeform coaster if you have the patience of a saint.-The water dynamics are so impressive that I assume that they were already part of the Unity Engine and not the RCTW developers.-There is a car park at the entrance. I like thisCONS (THINGS THAT ARE WORSE THAN THEY WERE 12 YEARS AGO):GRAPHICS AND UI-If there were no curved paths in this game, it would almost be GRAPHICALLY IDENTICAL to RCT3 (2004!)- I get memory leaks where the game eats up to 26GB of my RAM. I am guessing not all players have 32GB ram to deal with this issue!-The interface looks VERY bland. I am not asking for candy crush but I’ve seen accounting software that looks more exciting than this.PERFORMANCE ISSUES-My FPS is actually fine for the first 1000 peeps on max graphics. As soon as I get over 1500 peeps (easily achievable with 2 of the 9 park tiles), my game becomes unusable. The game freezes for 5 seconds every 30 seconds, crashes around every 15 minutes, and takes over 2 minutes to save the game (no joke).(I have i7 3930K, GTX 970, 32GB RAM, SSD)-Once my park starts to be a decent size (3 tiles or 2000 peeps) the game can no longer save or open it without freezing.-I have not heard anyone with over 2000 peeps in their park claim that it is running smoothly.How can I be motivated to spend time building something that I can no longer use once it starts to get interesting?PATHS-Building paths can be a pain when connecting to other paths or building up or near hills.-Changing the path material means destroying anything connected to those paths (LIKE SHOPS) as the game will not allow you to place the path directly next to them again.To fix: Add a material paint brush tool in the path menu and avoid the issue altogether.-The game is SO PICKY when it comes to snapping benches, bins and shops to paths. They won't snap to positions that look perfectly acceptable and by default they seem to want to snap off the path onto the grass.To fix: Allow intersecting geometry and free placement of path scenery and allow shops to be freely placed much closer to the paths. Let your users judge what is intersecting and what looks good for them.PEEPS & STAFF-The peeps animations are very wooden and they don't walk as families or groups like they did 12 years ago.-Peeps sometimes stop walking in queue lines and hold up the entire queue for a few minutes.-From birds-eye level the peeps stutter around the park at 2fps-Sometimes all the peeps in the park disappear all at once and gradually start spilling in through the entrance.-Staff are often seen sliding around the park without moving their legs like ghosts.-Staff are often seen walking adjacent to the paths, phasing through all the scenery like ghosts.-Mechanics are often seen congregating at ride exits, phasing through each other like ghosts.I am pretty sure the staff are ghosts.RIDES-THERE ARE NO LOG FLUMES-THERE ARE NO TRANSPORT RIDES, how hard can it be?-While you can build rollercoasters piece-by-piece like you could in RCT3, parts like helix sections, loops and barrel rolls are missing.-Coasters built or edited with freeform tools lead to a very un-smooth ride when finished. Something as simple as a descending helix can be a nightmare to build smoothly.-Adding a lift-chain is way harder than it needs to be.-It is not yet possible to change the colours of shops and non-coaster rides.-The pre-built coaster stations are much larger and more realistic than RCT3 but you cannot choose where to put the entrance and exits.-Tweaking an existing coaster can be dangerous. Clicking on a section of track to make a banked curve sometimes causes the camera to move which causes that piece of track to move way out of place. You then have to spend ages putting it back into place to avoid an unwelcome s-bend in your coaster.To fix: GIVE US AN UNDO OPTION! Alternatively, allow us to lock certain axis’ when needed.-Deleting parts of a coaster can be very tiresome after it has been built.-Building pre-built coasters from the menu is an absolute nightmare in any park that is not perfectly flat and barren.To fix: Give us an option to snap lowest part to terrain height and automatically bulldoze any scenery that would get in the way. At the very least allow us to see the ride supports during placement so we can see how ridiculously high off the ground the base of the coaster is going to be.-Pre-built coasters do not display any excitement/nausea stats.-All my coasters have ridiculously high nausea ratings while I think it looks quite safe.To fix: allow us to see that nausea heatmap on our ride while we are building it if we want. At the very least, give the guests time to visit a toilet at the ride exit before puking everywhere. There are never any staff nearby to mop it all up.TERRAIN-Adjusting terrain under rides or roller-coaster supports is totally forbidden-There are very few terrain materials available. This is like an hour’s job for a texture artist.-There are no waterfalls like there were 12 years ago-You cannot build tunnels like you could 12 years agoSCENERY-No building blocks/wall sections like in RCT2&3. I don’t want to have to trust an amateur Maya modeller for well-optimised and decent looking models without ridiculous stats from the steam workshop every time I want to build architecture. I want to design things myself. Look at what planet coaster lets you do!-Selecting scenery items freezes the game for up to 5 seconds each, and occasionally CRASHES THE GAME ENTIRELYTo fix: if you don’t have budget to optimise your game any further, at least allow autosave.If you can bear these problems for a few hours, zoom out and look at your park from above with all of its curvy paths and freeform coasters it can actually look quite realistic.The fully working park management aspect is a fun challenge and is just as addictive as the original games.Since no other title can claim both of these points at the same time yet, yes I would recommend this game to keep you busy until Planet Coaster comes out at the end of the year, after which, you will probably never touch this game again.However, as I am unable to open saved parks (loading screen crash)  and experience memory leaks after they start to get big I cannot yet recommend this game."
76561197968425244,Not Recommended,282560,23600553,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,steele,"I REALLY, REALLY wanted to give this game a good review. But, I can't. Even after reading all of the negative reviews, I still couldn't believe that RCT would be a bad buy.However, it was.The graphics are pretty good. There is room for some improvement, but over all, good graphics.This is where positive remarks come to an end.You can't build buildings. You can't make your own pavillions or themes. I miss that.The path system is pretty clunky. You sometimes can't connect to specific places.No tunnels. Want your roller coaster to go through a mountain? You can't.It just feels like this game is trying to be to slick. With that, it fails."
76561198025344590,Not Recommended,282560,31177131,Posted: 16 April,all,TehPanis,"Epic fail. I was determined to play though this game despite the many, MANY game-breaking bugs. I had to replay many of the levels multiple times in order to fulfill the level requirements. Sometimes, an influencer would just never show up (you can't advance without influencers). Sometimes, an influencer WOULD show up and then just run around without fulfilling his mission. Occasionally, peeps would refuse to get on some of the rides (or all of them). Often, the game would require me to put down 4 hat shops or 2 family rides (just for example)  but would fail to recognize when I completed those requirements.Still, I persisted. For most of the game, I found ways around these inexcusable inconveniences. I had to play certain levels 3 or 4 times, but eventually, I figured out how to complete them despite all the bugs. Unfortunately, my luck ran out on the last 3 levels. 2 of the last 3 levels just would not let me complete some of the requirements no matter what I tried and no matter how many times I replayed them. The final level WOULD NOT LOAD. Like ever. I've never even seen the final level because the game crashes every time I try to load it.I spent many hundreds of hours playing RCT3, so I was determined to get through this game at all costs. Call me nostaligic. I was willing to overlook the game's many cosmetic issues and minor glitches. I was wiling to replay levels and to invent workarounds - something I shouldn't have to do (obvi). But even with all my stubborn determination, I was unable to complete THREE buggy levels. I've owned this game since alpha, and I've put off writing this review because I hoped against hope the developers would fix enough of the bugs to make this game playable. Unfortunately, that's not the case. This game is broken. Don't waste your money :("
,Not Recommended,282560,28301408,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,tyduptyler13,"I would have to say that the series has been my absolute favorite series I have every played EXCEPT for this game.This game I bought early with the expectation that it would live up to all of its predicessors and introduce modern hardware to the mix. It scrapes by as a very eh game.The good:* The rollercoaster editor is actually pretty great if you come from an art background and know how to use splines.* The graphics look pretty good.The bad:* The graphics settings are horribly broken on my system (dual monitor).* The game fullscreens on a monitor that does 1080 but limits the resolution to the max of my other monitor which is a different aspect ratio so it looks terrible. There is no apparent way to override which monitor it chooses for fullscreen.* There aren't many rides and now with the story mode released it feels like a free to play game where you get internal game money from playing and completing objectives, you then spend that money on rides, attractions, and scenery. I just want to build my parks up like I want without the distraction of dealing with this overarching store. (This is just my nitpick and person preference, some may actually enjoy this)* The ""story"" thus far feels overpowering to the actual fun of running a park. Instead the whole thing is playing out like a tutorial of how to do every little thing in the game even though I figured it all out in early access and there is no way to skip or rush through it, you have to tediously do it all.My advice: This game is absolutely not worth $35. If you are paying it thinking its going to the same creators of the previous games, that is also not correct. The original creators don't even agree with this games current ownership. Frontier created the last game and did a great job in my opinion. Since then they have created planet coaster which looks pretty great, I believe I will be moving over to that game instead."
76561198011299661,Recommended,282560,22459061,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Chris P Bacon Sr,"Time for an honest review.Normally I would not have recommended this game when it first released, but over the past 2 weeks the game has been updated with bug fixes and optimization that has steadily improved the experience. The fact is that this game has a solid base to build off of, and that is what people need to take away from it. I own both Planet Coaster and RCTW, both are hardly finished and both, in my opinion, have a positive future ahead of them. Also, Hats off to Nvizzio for keeping in touch with the community and rolling out updates as quickly as they can. With all of that said, I'll list my pro and cons.Pros-Coaster editor/maker in this game is EXCELLENT, Sure its a bit finnicky sometimes, but it's damn good and can only get better, I prefer it to the piece by piece editor in PC, it's one thing I hated about RCT3.-Decent variety of scenery to start and I'm sure this will be expanded upon-Solid amount of flat ride content with a new one coming every 2 weeks in Major patches (Yes, I believe them, they have stuck to that schedule so far)-I'll probably be crucified for this, but after the latest update..graphics have improved markedly, and I'd expect that to continue-The Management aspect is there, could be better but it's decent for EA.-Terrain tools are easy to use and effective, need an option for underground building though.-There is more but I'll leave it at that for now, new update is scheduled to be rolled out Tuesday or Wednesday next week so I'll edit this review at that timeCons-Peeps need work (Animations/texture/etc)-Optimization at this point is a bit shaky, people across a wide array of system are getting mixed results, once the park gets large it really starts to slow down, apparently this is getting addressed in next patch, I'll update if that is the case-Pathing is shoddy at the moment.-AI behavior is pretty poor in the current build, mechanics don't always fix rides, janitors are slow, etc.-Water quality sucks. lol.-Can't change ingame graphics while in your park. (Seriously guys?)-Can't place scenery on elevated paths (Again, really guys?)-Coaster ratings need work, every coaster I make is a vomit comet-General bugs and such-Overall, I'd recommend this based on the rate it is improving and the committment Nvizzio has shown to the franchise. I'd expect good things as time goes on."
,Not Recommended,282560,28507298,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MrPaladin,"Pre-ordered this one on the reputation of it's earlier series that I had a ton of fun with... Was accepting of the bugs during the beta.But this game is now live.  During the tutorials I had it crash twice on my high end system running at normal levels.Went to sandbox mode, more bugs in the camera as I could not unlock my view from a peep that had left the park.  After I figured out a work around 10 mins later the game crashed as I was waiting for a special peep to get to the park so I was doing nothing special.  Time in this game reflects the time I spent playing the beta with a few mins of crashing after the game went live.Do not purchase this game...  Even if they publish bugfixes I would no longer trust the makers.I would not recommend this game that I had high hopes for.  look for Planet Coaster as an option."
76561198070798429,Not Recommended,282560,22148274,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,tylerdunlap133,"As a fan of the Rollercoaster Tycoon series after 11 years since the last installment this was absoluetly heartbreaking. The peeps don't look as what would be expected, the realistic coaster supports are just never there with any of the games in the series unless modded in. The limitations in the options menu is saddening. Seeing the difference between Planet Coaster and RCTW; RCTW isn't the same and its missing quite a lot for what this game use to be. As a fan i'm heartbroken to even suggest to anyone who could be a fan as well. I'm giving it a chance and hopefully the developers will listen to its fans who have patiently been waiting for years for the next installment and make this series worth playing again. Its gameplay has some good ideas within the game, but it greatly needs improvement. I'm giving this game a 6/10 in my opinion. It has a long way to go."
76561198001437659,Not Recommended,282560,26536182,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BroZz,"This game is abysmal.I'm a life-long fan of the RCT series and RCT:World has♥♥♥♥♥♥on them all from a height before promptly walking off laughing into the sunset with one finger raised.Getting it working? A challenge. It doesn't like doing simple things such as loading, or playing for long durations without a crash.Once you get it working, it's riddled with bugs and has captured next to nothing from the original games. It's clunky, riddled with UX screwups such as only being able to place fence panels one at a time, ah you know what? I can't be bothered with this review. The game's shocking, DO NOT WASTE £30.00 ON IT.If you want RCT:World, buy Planet Coaster - one of RCT's original teams have built it and it's highly rated. If you want a classic feel, try Parkitect.Save your sanity and money, U-turn here. I will never buy another Atari release after this complete scam they call a game. Just another early-access money grab."
76561198050236507,Not Recommended,282560,32855804,Posted: 27 June,all,fUrious,"Don't buy this. It's not what you want. You might think it is, but it's not. It's bad, very very bad. I'm playing RCT3 instead. Much better."
,Not Recommended,282560,22154319,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,James,"I tried to give this game a legitamte go. Go in with an unbias take on the game.Yes, this is Early Access, but nothing in this game feels like it will be special when it's done. It's essentially a worse version of RCT3 without a grid system. It's also much more awkward to work with than RCT3.Planet Coaster is the way to go with this generation of theme park games, it doesn't have everything yet, much like this game, but what it does have is stunning. It looks beautiful, it runs beautifully and it has a clear vision.Please avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,282560,31945992,Posted: 24 May,all,The Cow,"Just came back to this game to see if they added any new features from the alpha that I played 1 year ago... They did NOTHING NEW. Like seriously, you think there would be a Peep maker as it was a feature in the previous RCT, but no... it's not there.ProsEnhanced Coaster Maker. Which allows custom coaster tracks.Thats it.ConsBuild Height Limit isVERYLimited. I didn't even bother looking at the height as I quit the game asap. (I was trying to make King-Da Ka from Six Flags: Great Adventure and only made like 50 feet of it)No ****ing Peep Maker. I thought it was a permanent feature not a one time deal.The available coasters are a joke and there is only 5 to choose from.etc...Honestly, I could go on all day with the cons. Tbh if you went back to RCT1, you would have more features, and that is $10 cheaper. This game is not worth the $60 I original payed back before it even came out and even when its $15/$20 today, its still not worth it. If you want a good modern coaster game, buy Planet Coaster, its from the people who made RCT3. (Which was one of the best RCTs even to this day.) Or buy RCT1/2/3, you have more fun, guaranteed.P.S. I regret looking at this game and thinking it would be better than RCT3, or even ****ing Thrillville."
76561198045595036,Not Recommended,282560,22192334,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jay148369,"I'll make this quick.  Here's a list of Pro's and Con's:Cons:No walls to build structures with.Poor range of textures to paint the terrain with.Cannot create tunnels for rides, paths and queuesCan't change the look of the stationsCan't change the look of the park gatesDecor offering only consists of 1 lamp post and 5 candy canes!Only 5 Facades!No smaller parts to create our own centre pieces with (ie. a large rock skull). Instead there are just large pre-made centre pieces to use.Again, no smaller parts to create our own specialty pieces. Just pre-made ones to use.Coasters cam is not smooth and feels jerky around corners. (no I don't mean frame rate)Coaster building can be irritatingly fiddly at times.The delete tool is terrible, you can only delete one item at a time.Removing small bushes is really difficult.Small choice of coasters.Not a massive graphical leap forward since RCT3.Some texures look shocking close upCrashed a few times when placing paths (but this is an early access game).Other than the coaster builder (spline) there are no improvements over the RCT3.Pro'sCoaster builder (spline based) could be great if the mechanics are ironed out.Looks visually better than the video that was released a year or so ago.Shops are okay.Summary.Don't waste your money on this just yet, hold off for 6 months in the hope they add loads more items to play with. It's a very steep price to pay for a game that feels like it's still in alpha. It's not a complete broken mess as some other reviews suggest, it's just got very little content to keep you interested for more than 4-5 hours. My general feeling is that the developers are completely missing the point of what people want out of a theme park simulator - it's like they've sucked all the fun out of the game by taking away the creative freedom of themeing a park. By themeing I mean creating something from scratch, not simply placing two pre-made centre pieces side by side! My main gripe with it is that it's doing anything to build on RCT3 - even if they add lots more content, it will only be on par with the previous game in the series."
,Not Recommended,282560,27774202,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jbaby901,"I don't write many reviews, but after playing this game for the past few months I have to say I am sorely disappointed. It wasn't until after I purchased The Early release of this game did I learn that Frontier had nothing to do with this and that Planet Coaster was more of the successor to RCT3 than thos game. I came back periodically to see if game play had gotten any better, and while certain aspects did improve, overall it was a very BLAH experience. I really wanted to like this game but sadly the developers could not pull it itogether. I finally broke down and bought Planet Coaster today and I am totally convinced that Atari made a huge mistake in not keeping Frontier on as a developer. PC is BY FAR the better game in every aspect."
,Not Recommended,282560,25333677,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Red Shoes,"AVOID THIS GAME. I love the previous Roller Coaster Tycoon games, but this is the WORST game I have ever played. Horrible controls, horrible graphics, horrible devs... DO NOT BUY. This game is a mess. These devs either don't know what they are doing and/or are just lazy and do not care about what the community says about the game, and what should be fixed."
,Not Recommended,282560,31556517,Posted: 5 May,all,Just_Ralph,"First off, I've been addicted playing the rollercoaster tycoon games ever since I found a demo of the first RCT game on a demo CD-rom. I've played every RCT game since and enjoyed all of them. Offcourse I pre-ordered the deluxe edition of the new RollerCoaster Tycoon World game.For those of you who still deciding if you should buy this game I can honestly say, don't!The game has many issues that are too hard to overlook. In base the game isn't even fun to play because of all the random stuff that is happening. I can overlook the poor graphics of this game. I can even overlook that there is basically no soundtrack to this game. I can overlook that the guests are lifeless. But what is can't overlook is the numerous bugs that the developer stays quiet about after the game has been out for more than a year.Instead of fixing the real bugs you keep getting these useless theme packs that nobody asks for. I thought there was a user generated content system for that? What I want are more/ diverse rides. Better terrain tools, a working pathing tool, a better designed user interface, a nice soundtrack that I can choose for the rides, adding my own music for the rides.Luckily there are alternatives for this abysmal joke of a game.Since the release of this game I've played more hours of the original RCT and RCT3 than the latest one, just because the older ones are fun, this game isn't.For anyone still not sure if to get this game. Please do not buy this game for more than 5 dollars/euros.If you want a good themepark builder/simulation game play Planet Coaster, or the older RCT games. This game just isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,282560,22245330,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Laurentee B,"Before reading this be aware that i also own the alpha of Planet coasters but gave both games a very fair chance.I purchased RCTW because it was due to release last december well before planet coaster release date.The beta came out and well i thought it wasnt bad, and that they were just hiding the features from us to keep as a suprise, turns out its cause they didnt actually have anything.In its current state this game is completely unplayable. I have an absolut beast pc but the game lags so hard all the time even with an empty park that i cant play for more then 10 mins.Path making is the worst iv ever seen in any game PERIOD, is the snap function some sort of inside joke? because its ALWAYS ON. paths do as they want and there is no room for people to get creative as there is no clipping allowed, the grid system is just some sort of crule prank and the peeps animations are reminisant of early gameboy graphics.Don't get me started on placing buildings, just.. just dont. it's not even worth explaining how frustraing and down right crap it is.One pro i will give this game is that the way you build coasters is really really fantastic, its so simple and feels so natural to me. Shame the game can only achive 2 fps on a 980ti and i7 so you cant enjoy that either. It honestly has gone backwards from the beta weekend. Please Atari get a new developer on this ASAP as Nvissio seem to be the most budget and clueless group to ever make a game.Playing the alpha of Planet coaster, well it already has a ton more content, far better graphics and runs like a dream. It leaves you to create anything you can possibly imagine. trust me when i say you should pick it up its just the game we always dreamed of, made by the original devs of RCT3 and their passion /  love and attention clearly shines through on planet coaster.EDIT: alot of people say that the 2 are totally different games, but that isnt the case at all, obviously they have differences but they are the same. its crazy not to think that. My biggest beef is that this game had a release date last year! and what they have now is easily 1 or 2 years away from release. As well as cheating all the november beta testers who i bet are all the ones leaving the negative reviews as i am."
76561198008635262,Not Recommended,282560,29263716,Posted: 14 January,all,editbayrat,"Been gaming a long time--since the text-only version of Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Own and played all the RCTs. Got into this in early access and gave it chance after chance after chance. Bottom line after a hundred hours? It's just not a good game. It's resemblence to the previous entries in this franchise is vague at best. There's no real financial engine to speak of. Peeps behavior is erratic and un-human. Graphics are okay but just okay. I want to say the price point is too high but I'm not sure I could recommend it at any price.At the end of the day, it's not fun. It doesn't have to be giggly, wacky fun--it can be challenging fun. But it's no fun. Really, don't be tempted. Steer clear. Sorry. I'm disappointed, too."
76561197963632424,Not Recommended,282560,22345142,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,darkwisemonkey,"RollerCoaster Tycoon World (Early Access)This game is heart breaking to say the least, as a huge rollercoaster tycoon fan I was greatly disspointed with the outcome.Unfortunately, it comes down to the ""cons"" outweighing the ""pros"".Problems i've encountered while playing the game:-The park guests: They are unrealistic in the way the move around the park, they constantly glitch and get stuck in queue lines which holds everyone else back. Seems like 1 out of 3 of them ether puke on the floor or throw garbage, making it impossible to keep up with the cleaning of the park. You can't pick them up anymore. I could go on.- The park workers: Picking them up is very choppy and not smooth. having to find them instead of having a menu with all of them listed get's frustrating. Because so many guests seem to want to litter and puke every 10 steps you need an army of them to keep the place clean. You can no longer set them to be in a certain area ( was nice to set them on specific, always messy paths.- The FPS: The frames per second of the game dramatically drops after you get over 1000 guests (which can happen within the first hour or so of playing). And yes, I have a great gaming laptop that should allow me to run it. It becomes unbarable and unplayable after just an hour or two of building up your park.Lack of customization: Can no longer render the buildings or coasters a different color. Can only select a small number of pre-made buildings. designs of pre-made buildings seem lazy, copied like other buildings with slight changes.Roller coaster building: It all feels confusing and complex and it's so difficult to get it exactly the way you like it. It should be a simple build consept first, and if you feel really creative, go into the expert custom mode. You can no longer change the train cars, or how many train cars you can have. The train stations are too big.My personal thoughts: I believe they really wanted to deliver a great game but unfortunately for everyone it just isn't up to par. RollerCoaster Tycoon has been one of my personal favorite franchises since I was a kid, and to me a game like this shouldn't be about graphics, but more about the gameplay, the options, the customization. I think all those qualities suffered because they wanted the game to look pretty, which is unfortunate because the game will even make the strongest of computers lag and make the rollercoaster tycoon experience unenjoyable. Little glitches here and there can be easily fixed, but from what I can see so far, the major issues are irreversible at this late stage of the game, even at early access.It pains me to say this, but I do not recommend this game.5/10 Rating-Darkwisemonkey"
,Not Recommended,282560,23768812,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Drew,"Oh god. No. This game is not good.Graphics: Graphics are better than launch but still not good. Occasionally the game will freeze for a second and once it un freezes all the shadows and lighting are gone.Peeps: No. They have no facial animations, the textures are trash, the models are trash, the animations are HORRIFIC. The peeps don't ever even walk in groups. No families or anything. They walk around the park alone and horribly. (I don't think 8 year olds go to parks alone Nvizzio. Just saying.)Coaster Builder: Best part of the game. But thats not saying much. You can make some cool things, but it's very finicky. The physics are much of a pain. The sounds of the coasters are HORRIBLE. The coaster cam is jittery and not smooth at all.Buildings: There isn't any piece by piece building system. The premade buildings are a pain to place, not very good looking, alot of them have pretty much the same exact design with just a small little change to signal that this is a differnet building than this other.UGC: Arguably the best part. To me this is the only thing that is going for this game.Paths: No. They don't even want to connect to 90% of other paths.Performance / Optimization: Trash. The optimization is not good at all.Overall: This game is not worth the money. Spent less than half of the money for the full version of Planet Coaster. Its SECOND ALPHA is much more polished and has much more features than this game that was supposed to be FULLY RELEASED in December of 2015. Buy Planet Coaster, it is the true sequal to RCT3."
76561198151796635,Not Recommended,282560,26630657,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Groucho Marx,"The Developers of this game have obviously never set foot inside of anything resembling an amusment park.  Dont buy this garbage.  Get Planet Coaster, its infinetly better than this trash they are trying to pass off for a theme park sim."
76561198124856959,Not Recommended,282560,28180662,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Techen Ultima,"They lied period. The things and the fun they promised, they did not deliver. All that public feedback went to waste as they never listend to anything. The only good part about this game is their rollercoaster builder and the park lights, that's it. Everything else is a complete and absolute mess. Even with all of their upgrades before full release the game is an absolute mess. I bought this game in early access and I will never make that mistake ever again, especially when it comes to Atari games. I feel like i've been manipulated and robbed and I've never felt that way before about a game. They kept making all these grand promises even from last year this time when it was originally supposed to be FULLY RELEASED!, and still the game is a complete mess. I wish I could honestly get my money back, I should have gotten a refund when they went into early access, but I believed their promises instead of the many people suggesting I should have gotten a refund. I preordered the Deluxe Edition and that's a lot of money down the drain just to get something not even close to what was promised. I'm really sad. :'("
76561198259165592,Not Recommended,282560,22148436,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Estellika,"In an early access.... is it too much to ask for a roadsystem that works!? It is almost unplayable... I am disapointed, I really am.Everything that I was hoping for is bad... The graphic is not that good compared to RCT3, the way things work is bad, the way the people move laggs, Hopefully things will get better, but for now, this is just a really bad game, nothing else."
76561198012627064,Not Recommended,282560,24136627,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,nontie69,"It is a real shame this game does not run as intended. I really wanted to like this game. The developers could have easily put another 6 months to a year into the game before even putting it on Early Access.Ive played a solid 12 hours so far. It always starts out great, but as you grow your park the glitches keep coming. Peeps walking aimlessly to no where, there is no control over park staff, paths CONSTANTLY moving on me, cannot delete some paths for reasons i cannot understand. One of the biggest bugs is saving your game, logging out, then coming back later. It takes about 20 minutes to load up sometimes, a lot of the time as soon as its loaded it crashes instantly. Ive had a start 4 new parks because my saved games would not load. If it does load, its a mess, paths moved and uneditable, terrain changed drastically, peeps in the middle of nowhere. Its very frustating building a park and borderline impossible to continue after leaving and coming backWith all that, there is a lot of potential for the game. The graphics look great for a RT game, the rollercoaster building is absolutly amazing, the possiblilties are endless when building. There is actually a good amount of content, rides, coasters, stands, scenery. The game itself looks and feels great at short glance, but in the long run, it needs so much more work. I would recommend buying this in 6 months time so they can work out the glitches."
,Not Recommended,282560,30437796,Posted: 10 March,all,DataC,"This is the worst RCT game ever created (and I have played them all since the first version). I would have taken a refund over writing a bad review, but since Steam refused, they earned it.The gameplay is glitchy (when it runs), and the graphics are awful. I have a 3.6ghz i7, 16gb ram, with an nVidia 4gb video card. I regularly play games much more taxing (like Diablo 3) with 0 problems so there really is no excuse. After dealing with the initial failures (constantly locking up before the game even finished loading), then the actual in-game crashes/graphics errors, I can definitely say this product should be a free demo until they figure out what they are doing. It should never have been offered as a pay item in this condition.I understood that the game was 'a bit buggy' when I bought it--that is one of the reasons I think imposing a time limit on the refund is absurd. Most of us were wating to see if the game ever became playable, and not just jump-ship--I have learned my lesson. Next time, I will request the refund at the first sign of problems, instead of waiting in hopes of someone actually fixing the problem--that way I do not exceed any time limits."
76561198168173486,Not Recommended,282560,26666625,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,zachattack971,"I had very high hopes for this game. Like most people I grew up playing the RCT series. I have very wonderful memories about those games. However this game did not really give me very good memories like I had as a child. I bought this game back in June and it is now November. What has changed......NOT MUCH!!! This game is still very barebone and restrictive unlike Planet Coaster which I waited to buy till now. Why? I actually hoped and believed the game would be better. Unfortunately it is not and still plays as if it is in an alpha or a beta. Path glitches, very unsmooth gameplay when riding coasters, the coasters feel fake, and in the scenarios half the time I failed them because the special guest never found the dang restuarant or ride they wanted or thought it was too expensive. Im still going to play this game to compare how it is to planet coaster but I kinda have lost hope in this game as it still does not have water rides or transport rides at launch."
76561198030903272,Not Recommended,282560,31384522,Posted: 26 April,all,geenadavisrules,"I came back after 6 months gave you some time to fix your game... Nope it's still bad, tons of new added stuff without fixing the reliablity of game crashing... I crash every 10 min it seems now, come back in and all my work is gone... If you can't make your game stable at least put in an auto save feature that updated every few min so this doesn't happen. Nothing is more frustrating than having to redo everything that wasn't saved. I get into the game and forgive me for not remembering to save every 10 min... I shouldn't have to! Til you fix this the game its unplayable for me, and will not recommend til it's fixed."
76561198030591728,Recommended,282560,18831199,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Firelord Derpy,"So I got the Beta test and, well it was a Beta test, there were some bugs but all in all I think the game has a pretty solid base. The new Coaster builder is a little confusing at first but once I got the hang of it I had a lot of fun.To those who are demanding refunds, at least give it a chance and wait until release before wanting your money back. They released this beta test for a reason, to find bugs in what is likely the buggiest part of the game, so at least have the faith to give them until release to judge it."
76561198035823144,Not Recommended,282560,34662476,Posted: 1 September,all,cjrip,"Okay. So it's 1st of September and I thought that I will give this game a go again. The last time I played the game (about 6 months ago) it was the most upsetting game I've ever played. But because it was still in early access, I could not really judge. So I moved on and played Planet Coaster. Back to today, and I can say that I'm still upset with this game. I'm also angry at the developers to rob our money because they fooled us to buy this game because of it's name. Rollercoaster Tycoon 1, 2 and 3 was really good games in their days. I remember I was still a kid when I played Rollercoaster Tycoon 1.What is wrong with Rollercoaster Tycoon World?Well everything. Especially if you played Planet Coaster. The list is too long to name it all.All that I want to say is the following....1. I'm really angry that I bought the game and that the developers and studio stole our money.2. If you want a park sim game, go buy Planet Coaster.3. I gave the game another go long after the game was released and it's still a very bad game.4. Still lots of bugs in this game5. The developers does not even update or patch the game anymore. The last update was in May 20176. Planet Coaster give us new content and updates on a monthly basis.7. Even Parkitech is a better game than this.I wish I could refund my money on this game. I have lost all faith in the Rollercoaster franchise and will never make the mistake again to buy a game from these developers.That is my story. I hope I helped some people not to waste their hard earn cash on this junk.The developers are welcome to contact me and proof me wrong, but trust me, they will be too scared to contact me because they know they stole our money and delivered this poor game."
76561198111563831,Not Recommended,282560,30202308,Posted: 26 February,all,Mamaadaboys,Do Not Recommend - at this time.  Deleted my thumbs up review.  Comments suggest people have lousy computers. The pc this game is installed on EXCEEDS SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS but the game continues to crash.  So it's not that.  I want this game to work - so please fix it !!!!!!  I've tried many times.  Crash crash crash crash crash crash....
,Not Recommended,282560,26472221,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jayo,terrible gamewaste of money..Bring on planet coaster already played the alpha stages and its already better to play !this game feels like its years old to begin with!
76561198116146209,Not Recommended,282560,24922596,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SanditeSpartan117,"As of August 14, 2016I was really looking forward to the next successor, but this is a failsessor at the moment.I've been keeping track and reading every new ""patch"" they put out. But I haven't played it in a few months now. I just looked it up on YouTube to save me the headache and I watched Olli43 give it another shot. (He put up a vid about it on July 6, 2016) To his and my disappointment, the path systems are still a mess, the game is still not optimized for full sized parks, and the peeps literally 'float' around like ghosts from a short distance away, I guess to make up for the fps. That doesn't really work given that the engine needs a complete overhaul.In fact, this game needs to be completely re-done.Do yourselves a favor (whoever is the publisher, maker), take this game off Steam. Rework EVERYTHING from the ground up and start over. These parks are so bland and boring. You can't customize hardly anything besides placing a limited amount of assets. I guess they rely on us to make all of the cool stuff. What a lazy approach. And what happened to the days when it was like RCT 1,2? They had assets and scenery out the wazoo!My money is on Planet Coaster. Yeah I said the name, this game is miles behind them! PC is way better than this. Now prove me wrong. Oh, and PC is coming to Steam, so watch out RCTW.I want this game to be great, I really do. But I fear the worst right now. I mean, look at the reviews on here. An overall rating of Mostly Negative with an approval rate of 33%? That is a lot to bounce back from. That's why I'm suggesting to just start over.-Good dayChief"
76561197984027264,Not Recommended,282560,22258154,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,dgriffi2,"We're sad that we have to give this a thumbs down. My husband & I have been Atari fans since we got our first Atari Game System back in like 1981. Anybody remember Pong? Yeah...we're old...We bought the Deluxe version of this back in Nov thinking the release date would be Dec 10th.  We aren't upset about spending that money, however, we're shocked at what this has turned out to be so far.The Pro's1.) Early Access- good on Atari to recognize that they needed to put something out there.2.) Performance- we have a great computer that my husband built, so no performance issues like others have had.   Occasional choppiness, but hey, it's a computer game.3.) Graphics-the parks actually look really pretty.4.) Coaster builder- far from perfect, but we actually made several cool coasters & each one took less & less time. The problem is that both the coasters & the pieces to build with are disproportionately large & the test stats are way off. (What exactly is the safety rating about, does anyone know?) I hope some of this is fixable & being worked on.The Con's1.) Navigation- we shouldn't have to use the keyboard to scroll around the park. It's not 1989. And can I please have an Undo button? I make a lot of mistakes!2.) Music- I know Matt said they're working on the custom music, but can we please put a rush on that before my head explodes? The music from RCT3 was so superb, I'd love to be able to import that into this game. Does anyone know if that's possible?3.) The Vomit- really? Every peep pukes coming off every ride? And now they pee on the path if they can't make it to the rest room? Sorry, but it's disgusting & childish.4.) Paths- we don't even know what to make of this. Very cumbersome. And we can't place buildings right on the main path. Not liking that at all.5.) The Peeps- it's like Night of the Living Dead went to a porn flick. What's with the weird moaning? And can someone please make the kid stop crying? I think my ears are bleeding. The peeps have no personality at all. They don't appear to be happy, sad or anything in between.6.) Rides- again, many seem disproportionately large. It just seems as if things aren't properly scaled. The fact that we can't move the entrances & exits is very odd. Why not? Also, the rides seem pricey, so why do we have to purchase the sign going over the ride?7.) Complaining- there's too much of it. It appears as if you all have taken a page from the first Zoo Tycoon, & not a good page. The animals were great in that game, but the peeps made me stop playing because of the constant complaining about things you couldn't even fix. Please don't make that same mistake with this game.8.) Buildings- way too many restaurants & the builings are huge. Seriously, who goes to an amusement park thinking, ""Gee, I hope I can get a great Moo Goo Gai Pan while I'm here!"" And if you eat sushi, then get on a roller coaster, you're an idiot. No wonder there's puke everywhere. Don't get me started on the huge, ugly, unnecessary employee buildings. I hate this idea. But the Dev Blog dated April 1st states they will also be adding an admin building. And where are we supposed to place that? We have no room left in the park to place a rolller coaster, and with the park entrance being so huge, can't we just pretend that's where the employees go to rest? It's just a game, it doesn't have to be that realistic, it just has to make sense.9.) Breakdowns-is it just me or did the rides start breaking down as soon as I opened the park?10.) Entertainers- Oh. My. God. This is the worst thing of all to me.  The Dev Blog dated April 1st said the entertainers will amuse guests while they're queuing. I mean no disrespect, but did you guys actually play this game? I watched one exit their building, walk down a path, enter a queu, interact with exactly no one, turn around & go right back to his building. I told you those employee buildings were a bad idea! And I'm sorry, but that huge, hulking, ominous, predatory owl looking thing is just scary. Remember the shark entertainer from RCT3? My husband & I still love that guy. We named him Jerry. We would turn the game to its lowest speed so we could watch the kiddies laugh & jump up & down as he tried to bite their heads off, then he would joyfully skip away, with his little red sneakers on! So cute. Yeah, that's all gone, along with all the charm, cuteness & personality that was RCT3.We don't know what this game is, but we do know that it isn't RollerCoaster Tycoon. We have nothing but faith in Atari to make this right. We will continue to play, for what it's worth, and will amend our review as we see fit. Thanks for listening!PS- I'm not kidding, can I please have Jerry the Shark back???4/7/16-So, after today's update, still awful. Oh sure, the peeps LOOK better while they're peeing on my path right in front of the rest room, but my janitors are still ineffective. I do think the mechanics are working faster & I do appreciate the flat map. They have a long way to go before this review comes out of the thumbs down status!5/24/16-So I went in the game today for the first time in weeks. Sorry-still awful! It's not even interesting enough or fun enough to waste another minute playing. RIP, RCT.11/28/16- Holy crap, they took this thing out of early accesss??? Yikes, sorry to have wasted $60.00 on this. My husband & I are done with you, Atari. Considering we have been fans since you first started in 1974 & we were just kids, you can imagine our disappointment. Funny enough, we also own Planet Coaster & aren't impressed with that one either, although it's better than this nonsense. At least they weren't ridiculous enough to have peeps♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the path. Shame on you, Atari. Good luck digging yourselves out of this one."
76561198257594373,Not Recommended,282560,30639569,Posted: 20 March,all,ashley_md151993,"This game is aweful. In the year that I've had it, according to the Steam player, I've spent 8 hours playing the game. But I havnt! I have NEVER once gotten to play it, even with Beta. The 8 hours I've spent ""playing"" have actually been multiple attempts at running the game. I waited about 45 minutes each time, trying to open the game and then it crashes, for a total of about 8 hours. When the game does run, it is extremely lagging and crashes less than 2 minutes later. The worst part is that Steam wont give me a refund. I've tried for a refund several times and they refuse every time even after I tell them that I have never played the game because of the lagging and crashing and refusals to load."
76561197995317267,Not Recommended,282560,26483353,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,KaiRubix,"I'll try to make this short. I really wanted this game to compete with Planet Coaster, but it doesn't even come close at all. Don't waste your time and money on this farce of a game. Everything from the peeps, rides, paths and their over-hyped piece by piece system. there's always something wrong with it. and don't believe the whole ""well it's in Early Access so it has an excuse to be crappy"" well what Atari doesn't want you to know is that they were planning to release this game at the end of 2015! claiming to only need to do some last minute polish. So why the jump to Early Access after claiming that it was ready? Planet Coaster.So what am I getting at here? If your going to buy an in-depth and deep simulated game with limitless creative possilbilities with the passion of its developers to back it up, go get Planet Coaster. Roller Coaster Tycoon World isn't even good enough to wipe your own backside with."
76561197993926945,Not Recommended,282560,26622273,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Young Master,"Unfortunately Atari dropped the ball big time with this game. I purchased it when it was still due to be realeased in full and not EA. Once it moved to EA, they gave us only a few hours to test and get a refund. Luckily I did, but know of a bunch of people who are stuck now. Atari please honor those who want to get a refund. It is not right on how little time you gave us. As for the game overall, the graphics are decent and as I have still kept up with the development, they have added a bunch of decent features. Then comes to this release date tomorrow.....not a wise idea. Heck check the forums. This game has made some progress and the only reason I can think that they are rushing to release is another theme park simulator game is coming out the the 17th. I personally like it better (Planet Coaster) as I loved RCT3. Planet Coaster is from the same developers and they have kept me and other customers very informed and updated. They did announced their release date before RCTW btw. I'd love to give this game another shot down the road, but from the feedback I've heard of current players, it just isn't worth it."
76561198145889310,Not Recommended,282560,33026499,Posted: 30 June,all,I am new to DOTA,"I just bought Planet Coaster yesterday and have been playing non stop it was amazing. SO i decided to come back to see if the new updates would be comparable to Planet Coaster only to find not only is it inferior but also the price of RCTW is only $4 now wtf!!!!!. I paid $60 back then during early access, what a♥♥♥♥♥♥waste of money this game was. Literrally a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,282560,28010642,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bitter Jeweler,"The game can't be compared to Planet Coaster.It's lacking in so many fundamental ways, and it seems that is in it's core, which will never change.It's a mobile game at best.That may be satisfactory for many people though.It has not brought much new to the table, and it even lacks quite a few things from RCT's past.The coaster builder has it's merits, and it's flaws.The sound design is terrible.Coasters sound like metal carts rolling down an empty marble floored hallway, with little to no nuance in regards to to the action. They sound the same on an air-time hill, as they do at the bottom of a fast, high-G trough.The paths....they dictate what you can do most of the time. You'll run into ""no, not there"" more often than not.Many of the ride animations are incorrect, if you are a fan of authenticity.Many of the rides are just ugly as well. Take the radioctive, glowing in the daytime ""Wave Swinger"" for instance. Boy is that an atrocity to behold!The newly ""re-designed"" peeps are still terrible. The animations are just bizarre.RCT 2 introduced peeps in pairs, and RCT3 introduced Groups. RCTW decided they should go back to the begining, and only have single peeps. Unsupervised children, no less.The peeps will wander around aimlessly through your park, and ignore the very things they are looking for.You have no clue how to satisfy them. The emoticons (REALLY?) floating over their heads are there to help, because the peeps are emotionless.It's good that they redid the scenarios for shorter play ""missions"", because the older your park gets, the less the peeps care to ride anything, even for free.Forget trying to attract as many peeps into your park as you possibly can. Most average computers will start catching on fire at around 3,000 peeps. The rival game becomes unplayable at around 15,000 peeps. that's FIVE TIMES THE CROWD!!!This game really has no soul, at all. There is nothing endearing to draw you in. Instead, it is rather off putting.I do not recommend this game to anyone.I voted it as ""Worse Game of the Year"""
76561198012776839,Not Recommended,282560,26039161,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Flensburger,"Bugs everywhere,Game crashes frequently. I think that 6 months are enough to make this game better.However, I'm wrong :D ,DISAPPOINTED"
,Not Recommended,282560,28173361,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gamer -isag-,"Dont buy this, they have hyped it so much. Buy Planet Coaster Instead"
76561198063984261,Not Recommended,282560,30416941,Posted: 9 March,all,SasaraI Silverberg,"I have been a fan of Roller Coaster Tycoon ever since the first game, and I've played 1, 2, and 3 almost religously. RCT was always a favorite of mine...that is untill this installment. I eagerly awaited for RCTW to go on pre-order and I pre-purchased the deluxe edition the day it was available. During the betas, the game was unplayable...but I had hope that upon at least early access they would have most of the bugs worked out and the features that I know and love would be availabel.Clearly I was duped. Here the game is ""finished"".....which is a laughable statement. The bugs are terrible, there are no water rides, transport rides, or dark rides. The learning curve for building coasters is STEEP...like about as steep as a dive coaster's first drop. The coasters don't even have shuttle mode. The Piece By Piece Building tool is horribly insufficent, and it just doesn't feel like the same series that I know and love.I honestly had hope with the node system that finally I could REALLY build the coasters of my dreams, make the buildings and scenery I had fantasized about....I believed I would be able to make coasters with the great scenery and storytelling that Disney does so well at thier parks. Nope. The potential for buildings and structures is severely limited. The amont of scenery items is decent, but nothing like the past titles. Building a working and fun coaster is a treamendous chore, requiring so much trial and error, when before it was more inuitive, despite the grid system.Do yourself a favor, and save your money. If you want a theme park sim that actually is fun, I do suggest Planet Coaster, It's defintly different than RCT, but in my opinion it flows much better, runs smoother, and the scenery and buildings potential is what I have been asking for for years. I think PC still needs more work, but it's miles ahead of RTC."
76561197976175410,Not Recommended,282560,25812367,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TacoTim,"This game is beyond awful. This game crushed my hopes and dreams for a theme park game with 'tycoon' in the name. Planet coaster is where i will be spending my future money. Tycoon World lied about the gameplay. Its not at all as intuitive as the trailers or gameplay had shown. I was roped into buying the deluxe edition which came with all prior tycoon games. I played the world beta. It was awful. Then played it again a few months later after it was delayed. I thought they would have fixed the issues such as pathing, placement and coasters always flying off the track (touchy little buggers). Nope! I attempted to get my money back but was denied since i played the old tycoon games more than 4 hours. What a rip off.I have no faith in Tycoon World or the developers. I feel cheated and lied to. Just awful.... so sad."
,Not Recommended,282560,28188943,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,rakker91,"I own both RCTW and Planet coaster, and have spent about the same amount of time playing each one.  Planet Coaster is by FAR the better game.I purchased RCTW back in 2015, when it was going to be released in December.  I played the beta, and then I was sad.PC is better at the ""tycoon"" functions, its path building is WAY better, the graphics are better, performance is better, and peeps are better.About the only thing that RCTW has that PC doesn't is that the ability to purchase more land.I guess the most important thing for me is that RCTW feels like work, not play.  PC is fun, I want to play it.  I find myself dreading RCTW and looking forward to PC.  Because of that, I can't recommend RCTW."
,Not Recommended,282560,26643162,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,intoxination,"I bought this game over a year ago and remained optimistic throughout the beta and early access cycle. Even while the final version was downloading, I was hoping Atari would pull the rabbit out of the hat. That optimism was immediately shattered when I was greeted with a black screen on launch. Luckily I was able to find the problematic files and delete them.Yes my reason for this is mostly over that one bug, which apparently affects only people who installed the game while it was still in early access. But it's not the fact that the bug exists and prevented game play, but the handling of it by the Atari and Nvizzio.When I found out I was unable to play, I immediately took to the community page and found the post saying the release was out, accompanied with instructions on deleting a file if you have problems. That didn't work. Instead it took me deleting the entire folder. Then I watched as developers and producers spent the day telling people to delete files in hidden folders and edit the registry. These are things even Microsoft advises against, especially editing the registry.We are talking about a bug that could easily be remedied with a dozen lines or so of code and a hot fix. Instead the developers opted to have users jump through hoops, access parts of their system that shouldn't be accessed by the average user, and risk doing irreparable harm to their operating system. This is one of the biggest failures in not only public relations, but also custom service I have ever witnessed. I have been doing development for 30 years and the past 15 years has been as the owner of my own company. If I ever even dreamed of taking this approach to a failure on my part, I would expect to close the doors the next day, and rightfully so.The latest release in the series I have loved for years has been fatally plagued by this decision from the publisher and developers. I was hopeful for improvements and expansions to RCTW, but after the lack of response over yesterday's problems, it's painfully obvious that we most likely won't see these, when they won't even fix a bug that was known at release, and causing a PR nightmare. Shame on Atari and shame on Nvizzio."
76561198095792578,Not Recommended,282560,25373752,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Gentlem🅰n Rex,The refund button works well
,Not Recommended,282560,35200656,Posted: 25 September,all,Seifer,"I've waited for a long time to leave this review. I purchased in the first pre-order and had been anxiously waiting for this game.I played during the Early Access, I kept up to date on all the developments, watched the dev streams, browsed the official forums, the works. I truly believed this was going to be the best rollercoaster tycoon game yet.I was wrong.I've patiently waited for the massive number of bugs, and just plain bad designs, to be fixed. But the last update Atari released was now over 4 months ago. They have given up on this product after sucking the money from the long the fans of this long beloved series.The rollercoaster builder is pretty solid - and so it should be seeing as I believe it was the first feature they designed and the longest tweaked/fixed/improved feature for the entire development and release stages.This is where the good news ends. The overall graphics are poor. The effects are poor. The sounds are poor. The ""bokeh"" effect (that was used by the promo screenshots extensively) broke after the second post-release update and they never bothered the fix it.Path placement is buggy, placing shops on paths is buggy. Setting staff zones is buggy. Deleting objects is buggy. (Hey guys, remember in the dev stream you said the mass-delete tool was in alpha and would be improved? You lied.)The game comes with like 4 songs to choose from. You can't customize the colour of your rides. The guests glitch a lot. They walk through objects. They mostly walk around ""depressed."" Their animations are poor.There are no water rides. There are no dark rides. Light passes through pieces from the PxP builder so you can't make a dark room. You can't make dark rides. You can't build underground.The water looks like jelly. The water placement and removal is super buggy. Be careful not to flood your whole park even with a milimeter of water or everything will bug out.I could go on, but there is no point.Don't buy this game. Don't give them your $5 or whatever stupid price they put on it.Atari, you killed RCT."
,Not Recommended,282560,22932591,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,SquatchCommander,"Ughhhhhh. I tried. I truly tried to like this game. It just isn't happening. The coaster designer is either really buggy or incredibly hard to figure out. The lack of content is appalling. Gone are the classic flat rides and thrill rides. No go karts. No log flume. No bumper cars. No mouse coaster. No transport rides. It is a glorified version of RCT 4 Mobile. It is useless to try to build a park because it lags even the best machines. The path system is rubbish. The free-form placement is not that at all. It a money grab. Do yourself a favor and go grab PLANET COASTER and Parkitect. Atari went all EA and murdered a classic game. It is heartbreaking. 2/10 don't click buy, it's a scam."
76561198021489775,Not Recommended,282560,26356812,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kirky,"I have been Playing rctw Since they launched and i have to say as a hardcore rct fan i im not impressed. The gameplay lacks the old rct feel and the graghics need a major overhall although i may change my opinion as more updates approach i wish to warn all the fans of rct, stick to rct3 for now and best wait until Official release as it stands just now it will only be a major dissapointment! Even though this is just my opinion i dont believe it was worth pre-purchase and i can only hope this franchise can be saved."
76561198071555211,Not Recommended,282560,28169648,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,kparsons88,"The game was pretty good in Early Access. It improved with every update for a while. Then the update before the Full Release, it started crashing trying to load any park (saved or new). After the offical release I followed the recommended steps to avoid problems with switching from Early Access to the Full Release and it still crashs. I waited for the last update before writing a review and surprise it still crashs  trying to load a park. One small difference with the last update is opening in sandbox mode it loads the park for about 5 seconds before crashing. I even tried uninstalling the game twice and reinstalling but the game is unusable. But hey, the game menu that loads looks pretty good I guess."
76561198083852413,Not Recommended,282560,32131667,Posted: 2 June,all,nickthomp,"Once you get over 400 peeps in your park the game lags and makes the game very slow, It is pritty to look at and is easy to use, but with the problems the game has i would not recommend this game."
76561198025551862,Not Recommended,282560,22171140,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Francisco,"I really wanted to love this game, but it is really bad. The graphics are horrible, the gameplay is dumb, there are basic things that you can't do, like lowering the terrain or trying to build a ride if there is scenery on the way. I know it is an early access game but for the price and considering the amount of delays the game has had you can easily come to the conclussion that the game is far from done. I'm sad that the RollerCoaster franchise has  ended in a game like this. This is not what the developers promised so many months ago."
76561198030754587,Not Recommended,282560,23730697,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,brianalan7,"I understand that it is early release, but the game is not even playable.  There are frequent crashes, saved games won't load, user interaction is cumbersome, and the most important part, the roller coasters, are really difficult to build because of the game play.I honestly don't understand how a company that cares about it's name/reputation would accept any form of payment for a product like this."
76561198048774883,Not Recommended,282560,22245040,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Stockholm Sydrome Personified,"Please save your money and buy RCT3, a much better game that has a lot better camera motions. While riding the sorry excuse for a coastercam, the camera jolts forward all of the sudden. The coasters themselves make no sense because when it says intensity Im not sure we have the same understanding for that. The amount of detail is amazing, infact you can zoom right in and see lots of little details about the peeps but thats the only good thing about the peeps. The peeps complain about EVERYTHING, I had ~50 peeps in my park with all wide paths and they complained it was crowded.Please keep in mind that this game is in fact /EARLY ACCESS/ but it's no good right now. I played about an hour and have now requested a refund because it's, in my opinion, not very good.If you are going against the 1,066 negative reveiws (as of April 4th 2016 at 8:25PM).. Make sure you have a VERY beefy computer. I'm above the minimal requirements at got ~20-15 FPSPlease developers work really hard, because what scared me was this game was almost the full release 5 months ago."
76561198197345917,Not Recommended,282560,32222504,Posted: 6 June,all,tobyd360,Boring. Verging on almost entirely unplayable! It really is a stain on the Rollercoaster Tycoon name and history.
76561198058708661,Not Recommended,282560,22173441,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Eulogy,"Here’s the thing. I paid full game money and got a pre-Alpha build. I expect more from Atari. This is why you see everyone everywhere saying not to pre-order games. Reminds me of when the new Sim City launched, now Maxis is dead. I get that we’re on the 3rd dev now but this is insane.Don’t buy this game. It is not worth $50.First off the graphics are sub-par, at best, and even on low settings the frame rate is awful. There are terrible issues with building scale, little food stands being as big as full rides for starters. There is barely enough content to make a themed section of a park.I basically used up all the rides in 2 zones. You get 9 zones. WTF am I supposed to do with the rest of the zones? Make my own coaster with 20 FPS and a terrible coaster builder? The coaster builder sucks. It is not intuitive. It doesn’t let you add special tracks easily; you can’t make the kind of coasters you want. I was trying to make a simple Six Flags Superman style ride. Can’t do it. RCT3 could do it. How does a full version of the game not have at the very bare minimum what the last version had? RCT3 came out in ’04 and you want me to believe you can’t have all that stuff added into a new game in ’16?!?! If they had just taken RCT3 and put it into a new engine so it looked better and ran smoother, I’d be more happy than I am with wasting the money I did on this garbage.Pathing is awful. There is a lot of really weird snapping and even using the grid it’s hard to make straight lines. Curved paths almost seem easier which doesn’t make sense.The delete tool is garbage, and… oh what’s that you want to play one of the scenarios? Cool. Have fun trying to place rides anywhere. If there are trees or tiny little bushes you can’t plop stuff down, you first have to use the god-awful delete or move tools to get rid of the plants. One by freaking one. You would think you could just right click and the game would know you want to delete that stupid bush but apparently that’s too much to ask for.The list goes on and on. You can’t get your staff to do what you’re paying them to do. There is literally no guidance for how to please people or how to keep them from puking after every damn ride. Even the giant slide. The economy is dumb.Don’t buy this game. Odds are Atari is going to pull the plug on it rather than give it dev time it needs. You would literally be better off taking $50 and and burning it for the few moments of heat it provided you."
76561198002163491,Not Recommended,282560,30039352,Posted: 19 February,all,mindghosts,"Yeah, I dunno... It stood between Planet Coaster or this one and I wanted to give the original a try, despite all bad reviews. I wanted to make my own opinion, hoping this game would bring more original RCT-feels and nostalgia, however it does not. It just feels wrong all from the start. I tried it once or twice, not even immersing myself into the game fully because I completely lost interest. The game lacks soul. It stirs so far from the original series in a way I can't even comprehend. To me, it looked like Planet Coaster was ""too modern"" and complex in its design to bring that same feel, and I for some reason liked this game's graphics better? Now I can clearly see I made a mistake and it is the other way around.If you are like me, then remember the bad reviews are there for a reason, and not just because of some silly bugs (which, according to comments, are completely gamebreaking, however I did not play enough to see any bugs - I just didn't like the game enough on its own account)."
76561197966238025,Not Recommended,282560,34439193,Posted: 23 August,all,BeepZor,"Preordered RCTW Deluxe Edition without getting a complete game, dev took the money and ran.Really wanted to like the game and hoped for usefull updates to come, thay never came."
,Not Recommended,282560,22175907,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,weenie,Refund it while you still can.
,Not Recommended,282560,31248437,Posted: 19 April,all,Bunkagunk,"This isn't what I wanted... Play Planet Coaster instead. A Billion times better, and it achieves what RCTW Wanted, but failed to do."
,Not Recommended,282560,33463691,Posted: 11 July,all,NYankee222,"Very disappointed. I absolutely fell for this and pre-purchased it for 70 ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS. What a waste of money. I couldn't refund it, either. If you want a great theme park game, go buy Planet Coaster. It's great.I was really disappointed when I played this for the first time. I have an Alienware computer and I constantly get 10-20 FPS, which is awful. I know it's not my PC this time, it's the game. Not to mention that the controls are straight up bad. The coaster builder is hard to use and repetitive. The lack of decorations make your theme park look like a crappy county fair. I just recommend any part of this game. RCT3, 2, and 1 are all better than this. I can't tell you this enough: BUY PLANET COASTER. It's a masterpiece."
76561197985172700,Not Recommended,282560,22161760,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,katan28,"As so many of my fellow millenials, I grew up with RCT in the late 90's and early 2000's. It is a great franchise and still loads of fun. All of you may know that the fourth installation in the series was avidly awaited by many a fan. After a troublesome development history, yesterday the game came out in early access. It is facing stiff competition from Planet Coaster and Parkitecht, so comparisons between the two are inevitable. Nevertheless, in the promo-video's, dev-diaries, etc, the devs vowed to come with something worthwhile.So what came of it? To put it bluntly: An unfinished, unpolished alpha-build that is rife with bugs. The potential is there, especially in the coaster builder, but the detail, the path-tool, the management-aspect, the graphics  and the camera-handling are far below par. It is essential that this is going to be adressed in the near future. The communication by the devs towards the coaster-community is in this regard not very encouraging. I think it is only fair that the devs have to come with an open and honest statement about the development stage and a feasible time schedule which lays out at what times what issues will be fixed and what kind of content will be added.RCT world has potential. If they get the coaster tool working in a proper way, it even has the potential to outshine Planet coaster in at least one regard. But so far, this product is not ready for sale and an embarrasment for the franchise. Let's hope that the devs will quickly do what needs to be done. Come clean to the fanbase and coaster community. Only then can they regain some credibility...."
,Not Recommended,282560,24069641,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Charmlet,"I cannot recommend this in its current state, and I fear I will never be able to recommend this. If you haven't bought this - don't until it gets better. Even though the game makers have said multiple times on the internet they are authorizing refunds throughout all of the Early Access period on Steam for people who preordered if they don't like the game, Steam Support is going to be nothing but unsupportive of you if you try to take advantage of this offer.On the game itself, the graphics are subpar, and honestly I would say they're on the level of RCT3. The coaster builder is everything but intuitive and easy, as you have to repeatedly try to make it work, lift hills are not automatic, there are endless ""special"" pieces that are only special in how massive and hard to make fit they are, etc. The paths are unuseable most times as they will not even connect where you want them to. I could go on but most other reviews do.Bottom line, only buy this game right now if you want to throw away $60."
,Not Recommended,282560,22348351,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,KAPER-GAME,"Using A broken game with a beloved title to rob you of your money.Ill be playing RCT2, bye!"
,Not Recommended,282560,28322687,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Wib182,So this is what years of development gets you eh. If only there was a superior game out there at the moment that lives up to expectations... oh yes there is... Planet Coaster time
76561198133772781,Not Recommended,282560,25498555,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,3 Week Old Ham Sandwich,"I really tried to put time into this game and like it, all though certain aspects to work nicely the majority of the game doesn't. Although they tried very hard to give the player complete control of how rides and stuff are built, most of the time the system is just buggy and over complicated. Unnfortunately it does not have the fun factor any rct before it had, i wish i knew about planet coaster and parkitech before i bought this."
,Not Recommended,282560,22220605,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bro Pesci,"WTF i used to love RCT and people are like this game is horrible, but being me I gave it a shot out of love even got your deluxe edition to support this game and what do I get????? A broken POS game I cant believe this how badly this game runs and no I dont have a bad computer (I7-4770k and evga gtx 760) how could you release a game in this state I was your number one fan and you do this to me not cool fix your POS game."
76561198168636140,Not Recommended,282560,26527345,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,sofresh5,"For the love of all that is living please do your research on the other games in this genre that are being released. This game is an perfect example of a company that uses a well known name as a money grab. This game is NOT the successor to the old roller coaster tycoon games. If you're looking for the successor, check out parkitect or planet coaster depending on if you prefer rct2 or rct3 styled gameplay. The quality of the content in the game is horrendous. Core gamplay is broken such as the path system, terrain editing, and the peeps. The game is full of bugs and people working on the game fail to acknowledge the problems with this game let alone listen to their customers. This game is also terribly overpriced and is being marketed as a AAA game even though I've played much better indie games. Do not be fooled into buying this game and please do your research before deciding on this game. The steam reviews and Atari's lack of communicating with the community should speak for itself.Tldr: This game is very poorly made and is being falsely advertised as a good game. Do your research before buying this game."
76561198095719468,Not Recommended,282560,22246430,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,mrpeetrie1406,"So far, the game feels incomplete. You can sense the power of the spline coaster-building system, but there are PLENTY of fixes that need done before this can be recommended.PEEP AI is horrible, as is their animation. They all seem like zombies. No animation. No character.PEEP thoughts does not seem to work.Should be able to hover over attraction and get information (i.e. number on ride; number in queue; wait time.)Should be able to right-click to remove an object when in build mode.Janitors and Mechanics seem brain dead. They walk past trash; they don't fix rides. Perhaps patrolling zones needs to return.All-in-all, having fun playing game with my 6-year-old son, but I think the game is far from complete. He thinks it's great and I guess that's all that counts."
76561198122019948,Not Recommended,282560,26630125,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,bloodQueen,"This is the first review I have ever written. I am writing this while my refund is pending. RCTW has great potential to be an amazing game. After playing for a few hours and watching streams and such for a few hours, I can not recommend this game in it's current form. I have hope that the developer will turn this around. After watching the latest stream they did, i can see why RCTW is not a success. They have forgotten what it is about. They have forgotten what makes the RCT series great. They have forgotten it is about the roller coasters! After seeing some of the pre-built roller coasters that are available, I wonder if any of them have ever rode one. There were a few things that made me consider opting for the refund, and one thing in particular that lauched me out of the station. First, i tried to build a pretty common element on looping steel rollercoasters called a cobra roll. It is impossible. Well... i cant say impossible. If i wanted to spend hours trying to get it to work i probably could have made it work, but lets get real. Who wants to spend that amount of time on one element. Since the beginning of RCT time, you were able to build  a half loop into a left or right half corkscrew, then into the opposing corkscrew piece, and finally finish of with you second half loop. Now when i tried with the current iteration in the series, i did my half loop, then into a half cor... nope... no half corkscrew piece. Instead there were multiple corkscrews, and not even in the right direction. It was going up into the air, opposite direction and behind the half loop. Now you can do alot with RCTW's spline based coaster builder, but that was just rediculous. I ended up just doing a large loop and making a few other spaced out elements before returning the track to the station. The coaster ended up being well recieved by my parks patrons, but I was about to call my doctor to schedule chemo. So a couple of days later I had an idea. Im going to try to build one of my favorite roller coasters, Kennywood's Thunderbolt. How i have built recreations in the past, especially Kennywood coasters, is to build them on flat ground then save the blueprint. Then, dig a  hole in the ground since all of their coasters are hugging ravines. So as I finished and tested Thunderbolt-ish, i was getting excited to save and put my coaster in its final resting place. Instead i think i may have found RCTW's final resting place. When i was trying to lower i found that you simply cannot do that.it would not even go down till the bottom most piece of track was touching the ground. What the $@*&?!?! I was dumbfounded. I had no solution. Since i was already frustrated from trying to make the rollercoaster in the first place and just wanted to be done, i decided to just raise the terrain and say the heck with it. Cant do that either... all of the land where there were only supports would not level out with the rest. So i had holes in the ground everywhere there were supports. The list of obsenities that proceded from my mouth were many. So that was pretty much strike two. So a couple days later, I read that they are launching the game. I also read that there would be a live stream. I missed the live part, but did watch it a few days later. Nothing new. Same crap different version. They showed off that the peeps aren't skating across the ground anymore, the new ""campaign mode"", and more PxP. What the heck is PxP? Oh, that is the scenery. I swear if i hear them say peice by peice one more time imma kms. Like this is ROLLERCOASTER Tycoon... not Scenery Tycoon. So much emphasis has been placed on scenery while the fuctionality of simple things like rollercoasters and paths are put on the back burner. While watching the stream, seeing that woman force Daisy out, I said to myself, ""Yup... I'm done."""
,Not Recommended,282560,28912978,Posted: 1 January,all,THE Jared,"coaster builder sucks, controls in general suck, not nearly as many different kinds of rides as the previous installment. i would be MUCH happier if they just took RCT3, added the new stations, maybe some more track piece options, and improved the graphics."
,Not Recommended,282560,26631713,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,LackedMushroom,"I thought I'd give it a spin on the release date but it doesn't even start up anymore. I'm officially completely done with RCTW. Such a waste of a nice franchise name, and a big part of my childhood. I'm going back to playing Planet Coaster."
76561198118147906,Not Recommended,282560,26629718,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Gord104,Bug you Meester that doesn't work do not waste your money
,Not Recommended,282560,24655392,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,UWE.Marc,"I have played all of the RCT Series, I enjoyed them all but I like RCT 1 our of the lot the best.RCTW for me is quite a disappointment from a technical stand point.Firstly the graphics are weak, Let down by poor quality textures, The world feels like it has no charm as the world lighting appears washed out.Building experience is more prefabricated than the original, You can't choose where to place entrances and exits but at least you can free rotate to any angle.Building paths is clunky and has annoying link snap points, its not true free form construction. I have not found it possible to place shops how I want at path edges and construct a plaza style area, they have to have short paths leading to them.While you can do curved paths, You annoyingly can't do curved queue's????...The coaster spline tool is quite good, However the tools feeding back Intensity, Nausea and Excitement data are very frustrating to work with. You have to open the ride and let it run to get the info, then close it again and make your adjustments rather than being able to get the data from a test run...Overall there a quite a few minor annoyances with this game that are just about enough to ruin the experience."
76561198048639088,Not Recommended,282560,30480555,Posted: 12 March,all,Hayzelle,"Full disclosure, I will keep playing this game even after writing this horrible review. I promise to update it if I change my  mind on anything.I'm not looking for major innovation in this series addition. I liked these games a lot. So I bought it despite the poor reviews. Also was hoping the bugs had been fixed. This is HARDLY playable. There are early access games I have that have way less issues. Frequent crashing issues and no auto-save options (that I can find.... speaking of that the UI is horrible and not intuitive at all for an experience player of the original and an experienced player of current simliar style of game).The settings don't even appear to work... changing 'camera rotation speed' didn't seem to adjust anything. I tried turning down graphics settings to hopefully avoid the major graphic freak-outs that kept happening. Didn't help.Forcing the tutorial is a MISTAKE. Three missions in and I'm still on tutorial? If it's this long let me skip it. I'll come back if I get frustrated or confused. OR USE GOOGLE.Also important to note: I bought the DELUXE edition. Say what?"
,Not Recommended,282560,22148642,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,LinkTCOne,"This game is HORRIBLE. Please, please believe me, don't buy this piece of rubbish.Gameplay is clunky, controls are unintuitive, coaster builder is a disaster. Graphics don't usually bother me but this looks like it was made as a my first Unity project by a ten year old with a potato and a glue gun.Honestly, it's awful, I'm in the process of trying to get a refund as I write this review."
,Not Recommended,282560,33128800,Posted: 2 July,all,WhiteBr0wnie_24,"Not really good. The park sizes are way too small to build anything good, the coaster editor is very unintuitive and weird to control and the performance and graphics are not that good either.The loading times are horribly long, I mean very long, especially for that small parks. Even after the loading screen disappears, there are still objects missing in the park and then they pop up seconds (or minutes) later.One good thing is, that there is an in-game tutorial, which is absolutely necessary with controls and menus like these. Also the sounds seem quite good. Graphics are acceptable, not really bad, but not mind-blowing either.You should play Planet Coaster instead, it's much much better and has a lot of more content to offer and better workshop objects as well! This game is more like a big fat ""meh"" it's ok if it only costs you 5$, but I wouldn't spend much more on it."
,Not Recommended,282560,33008298,Posted: 29 June,all,GamePortal,"Bleh... I was warned not to get the game, but really, don't do it! The game made me angry at what's been done to this once great franchise. 10 minutes of buggy hell and I was done. As Atari has seemingly given up on supporting this game, I urge you not to buy this game. It will make you mad, it will make you sad, and it will make you frustrated. Just bleh."
76561198366413297,Not Recommended,282560,31958270,Posted: 25 May,all,allyschafer7,"Does not compare to the previous games. It lags so it takes forever to even get anywhere and makes the experience just overall annoying. It Freezes then shuts down, i havent even checked to see if it automatically saved or what because i noticed it would save when i completed a tutorial without myself saving personally. Overall I Am disapointed I wasted my money, They shouldve just dont everything the same as Roller coaster tycoon 3, but just different rides and scenarios"
,Not Recommended,282560,29181839,Posted: 11 January,all,TheNarrator,"I thought this was going to be a good title, I really did.  But Its honestly unoptimized crap.  Released way too early because it was a cash grab.  Needs at least 6+ more months of development to be even sub bar."
76561198170326290,Not Recommended,282560,35334322,Posted: 30 September,all,_deep_hunter_,Just buy PlanetCoaster
76561198040250924,Not Recommended,282560,18804949,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,philisaak,I will keep it short and sweet. In this stage it's more like Sim City 2013 when it should be more Cities: Skylines. That's my comparison.
76561198090006030,Not Recommended,282560,22310268,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,WestVAPerson,"I give up on this game.  I have a very expensive high-end machine but this game will not run right on it despite the game being on the lowest graphics setting.  Besides, it seems to me that the developers are slowly starting to give up on the game too.  This is definately the last time I buy a game from Atari."
,Not Recommended,282560,34071543,Posted: 6 August,all,Batai,"The price is reduced by 75% and I still wouldn't recommend it, even at this new price. I asked for a full refund."
,Not Recommended,282560,22164495,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Jansuh,"Never will i buy a game from Atari anymore. This is bull****!! People please read...The frames drop even harder than a bowling bawl tossed out of a window!! Not even a steady 30FPS on medium graphics. And that with a i7-3770K 16GB Memmory, 256GB SSD and a AMD Radeon R9 290X graphics card.Then they tried to make the visitors smarter by making their own choices and going directly to the thing they need. So if they are hungry, they would go to a stand for food. If they needed to go to the toilet, they would go to the toilet.Well i think that the one who wrote this system for RCT World was a very very drunk man. The system fails in every way. Even the waiting lines are bugged. People tend to stay halfway the waiting line and dont walk on.Then the coaster building... Luckily they kept some off the old handelings because building with the mouse is not done! And here is the way you build a couster who is actually fun to ride:* Build a coaster* Destroy the coaster* Go on the ferris wheelAnd then, omg are the rides made of plastic? Every ride i build got broken within a few minutes real time. I allmost got up to 30 mechanics for 20 rides and still they got broken and could not be fixxed fast.This is my first time writing a review. Most of the time i think the people will get it if a game is bad or even worse. But such a big name as RCT... What a fail... If you want to spend money on a park building game, go to Planet Coaster. It costs a little more to help the developers ( like € 64,95 ), but than you have a great park building game with great looking graphics and a really good engine."
76561198127633024,Not Recommended,282560,26726563,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,lasagnaman,"this game sucks so badcant get the damn game to workit goes to 100% then says it has to close , what is wrong with this company , why arent they fixing thisiam so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, it was working great before the early access  now it doesnt work at all , damn it iam so angryPlanet coaster is awsome i love it  but this game was good until atari screwed it up"
76561198207072539,Not Recommended,282560,26702082,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Hollyenglish78,"Still needs A LOT of work. Graphics are terrible. I feel like I'm playing a video game that was made in 2000 on a computer that was manufactured in 1990. And my computer is only a year old. Takes the fun out of it. Until the glitches are fixed, I'm happy playing the 0lder versions. After several years of fixes, patches and community input, I expected way better than this. NOT recommended."
,Not Recommended,282560,24060172,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TDH,"Ahhh yes Roller Coaster Tycoon 2. Amzing game. Ahh yes Roller Coaster Tycoon World, Oh i mean no its♥♥♥♥♥♥.... I bought this game for £50 before its release on the 10th was it. Oh yea they ♥♥♥♥ing delayed it untill god knows. When i first played it. It was♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not optimized. Just absouloute horror. It's like playing comparing Cities XXl to Cities Skylines and this to Planet Coaster. You are way better of buying planet coaster!!!"
,Not Recommended,282560,22160041,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Taswell,"Well they pushed the release date back about 4 times before we got the general Q1 2016 release date, which i thought for sure was them trying to hide that they had killed the game in production. I played the game during the first Beta weekend and it looks like they just added in the peep textures, a couple flat rides, and just released it again.There is a metric ton of stuff missing, and menus and buttons are still in weird places, And seeing as this was going to originally release in December 2015 this is unexceptionable. I mean fence builder was the biggest complaint from the First public beta and guess what...There is still no sign of it in the game other then on a to-do list on their website somewhere.This is still a beta build, but for how long they have pushed this game back you think there would be more than 10 coaster types or even building for that matter.I think they tried to get the jump on the market by trying to release the game a year early. Even if you ignore how ridiculously bugging it is then its still missing content. Stock RCT3 Had more content at launch then this game does 4 months after it original launch date and multiple betas.Most of these complaints are about the studio behind this game and how poor their development cycle is if this is all they have to show for multiple missed release dates and multiple open closed betas."
,Not Recommended,282560,22159957,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DanT,"I must admit that, in general, I am disappointed with the game so far. I understand it is still in Early Access and I'll still give it a chance to fix its problems until the full release, but it is definitely not what I was expecting given that I've been playing Roller Coaster Tycoon games ever since the original in the 1990s. Still, I'll try to list my impressions about the game as unbiasedly as humanly possible.Ireallylike the interface. It's simple, it's clean, it's modern and it's elegant. It's refreshing to see a modern take on an interface when, even today, most games still go with tacky and bulky interface designs.Pathing needs a lot of work and I'm finding it really hard to get my paths to be how they I want them to be. It's pretty hard to get nice, snaking queues, for instance.The graphics are okay. Not great, but not horrible. But then again, I think graphics are the least important thing in a game. While in some cases quirky graphics may contribute to ambiance, in most games graphics just don't matter and RCT games are games where it doesn't matter, imo.I actually really like the coaster editor. It's a pretty powerful tool once you get used to it.Staff control is very basic at this point and could use improvement.I'm not the best guy to really assess performance as my computer is already somewhat outdated at this point in time, but I feel it could be better. Considering I can play XCOM 2 with acceptable framerates in a medium graphics setting, I was expecting to run RCTW more smoothly than I do. In particular, loading times seem to be particularly slow on my machine and I've had a few crashes when loading Scenarios.To sum it up, in its current state, RCTW still has a lot of issues. It has good points and bad points and, while I am willing to wait and see if the issues will be fixed in future versions of the game, I can't really recommend it in its current state."
,Not Recommended,282560,22162624,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nostalaris,"I cannot recommend this game in its current state, it's an enjoyable game while it works despite the issues some people have raised about not being able to place paths squarely on the grid etc. As well as bad graphics and some of the more humorous visual bugs I have encountered like one of my park visitors getting stuck underground after riding the slide - I can look past these things.Some of the issues I have encountered however are just completely game breaking, for example; After building my first coaster and testing it, I opened it up for the peeps, they began to queue but nobody was getting on the ride, I tried closing it down and opening it again to see if that helped and while at first it seemed to, once the first load of peeps had finished riding it, they refused to get off. I then tried to edit the coaster to see if i could spot any obvious issues that might be causing this which turned out to be a bad idea because after doing so EVERYBODY in my park started glitching out on the spot and couldn't move.I appreciate that it is an early access game and I will look into posting the bugs I have encountered but really for £29.99 the game should at least be in a playable state."
,Not Recommended,282560,30211834,Posted: 26 February,all,MonsterInsomniac,This is a game created by lies and broken promises.
76561198077361858,Not Recommended,282560,22149685,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,weustice63,"For as long as all of us waited RCTW it appears that the quality of the game is still quite terrible.   So bad at points that people are shaky and not aligned in the ride to the inview camera just locks up and leaves you the air?    RCT3 is sadly better.   Highly disappointed.   I guess the question is ""Are there more than 3 people working on this project, or just one?RCTF"
76561198138196152,Not Recommended,282560,22225290,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,AxisGaming,Terrible.
,Not Recommended,282560,30641075,Posted: 20 March,all,KyleJR,"Well, this game is awesome at first but then after you play it and your park grows, it just slows down and more uptil it started to froze in the midsit of expanding my park which lost my progress. I was pretty upset after this.I really hope they'll improve the performance of the game as well, espically on a high end computer, it still lags or frezzes, espcailly other reviews that have mentioned this, yes it's true.The developers needs to focus on the performance of this game if your going to demostrate a great franishce. Gee, why is some franchises gets bad and even worst in this age.Well, I'll head back to RCT Classic!"
76561198276795669,Not Recommended,282560,22163693,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Noize kick,"Sorry to say but I haven't had the best experiance on this game.The game itself feels like a very early 2000's game very buggy and i am having terrible lag, I really thought buying this game I could spend hours just relaxing building freely, But all I have had is hours of frustration.Deleting bushes is a task, Managing the tools is very tedious, All round bad experiance from this game.Sorry to leave such a negative review, But guys hold of buying untill further updates."
76561198022499778,Not Recommended,282560,22168827,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fisticuffs8257,"Iv played early access games before - knew what to expectIv played Pre-Beta/Alpha games before - knew what to expectThis however is on a different level.  It feels like maybe this was either the 3rd or 4th time the code was ever compiled and somehow ended up on steam for purchase.I quit playing after I bought a premade coaster, placed it, and then wasnt allowed to open it to the park guests becuase I didnt have the funds.  I sat around for a bit thinking that maybe I had missed something, but I didnt, and when I stared the game back up I was able to open the ride for business, which being the most gentle coaster somehow had ride intensity pegged as high as it could go, which in turn made all the patrons that rode the ride puke as soon as they hit the walkway, I watched this go on for about 5 minutes.  Built some janitor building to deal with that mess.  Low and behold the janitors were all broomless chicks in blue jumpsuits floating around moving their arms back and forth.The only positive is that steam was very prompt on refunding my money, very pleased about that."
,Not Recommended,282560,28690074,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sploinke,Waste of all the years waiting for it. Trust in franchise ruined. Crap.
,Not Recommended,282560,28321946,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,GrayKnighted,"You might as well just buy roller coaster tycoon deluxe. They improved the coaster building system, and they say the guest AI is better... it feels like the same game. I am not sure what the point of updating a game is if it is the exact same game. I get it, you don't want to turn off your core audience with changes to classic features they loved, but you added nothing content based that increased the play value. I felt like I was playing a slightly more advanced version of a game I had already played to death. Heating up the corpse didnt bring it back to life."
,Not Recommended,282560,25810384,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Chodegent,"Pre-ordered this game thinking it would be great. I play it, make a park, all is well. I play again after a day and I can't load the park at all. I have to make a new park. I do the same thing with the new park and it does the same loading ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The worst part is I can't ♥♥♥♥ing refund it because I pre-ordered it, thinking it would be good, but lead to a big dissapointment. GG"
76561198046036546,Not Recommended,282560,22154774,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TheMajesticJourney,"---Update---I also just realized I paid $70 for this game. I want my money back which I can't anymore. Buy Planet Coaster instead.-------------------------------------------------I was really excited for this game to launch, it was actually really big disappointment. The graphics look horrid and so do the maps, the grass and trees look neon green and ugly/unrealistic.  This is also very laggy on my 3.5 ghz computer. I was all hyped for this, but it made me like Roller Coaster Tycoon 2/3 better. Seems like very little effort has been part into this game even though the game has been delayed a long time."
76561198115218999,Not Recommended,282560,25453275,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,1badcar,"6hr's into my first campaign and all the game wants to do is crash during gameplay. Probably due to to much going on for the engine to handle. My computer is no slouch. specs are a ASUS rampage 4 extreme motherboard, Intel 4820K overclocked to 4.6gig, 16gigs of Corsair Vengeance ram, 2 GTX 970 strix cards in SLI and game installed on a Samsung 850 pro SSD. OS is Windows 7 ultimate.I can't recommend this game in it's current state. I hope the dev's addresses these issues."
76561198097128812,Not Recommended,282560,22256965,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,efieldsgarden,"This game couldn't been worst. This this absolutelly the worst RCT game I've ever played. RCT3 is so much better. This game has more bugs than anything. I know this is a ""beta"", but for me this is more like an pre-alpha. It is bad. Very bad."
76561198103652137,Not Recommended,282560,29120045,Posted: 8 January,all,PilotMatRoy,"subpar graphics, bad game engine and multiple bugs that still need to be fixed."
76561198086665613,Not Recommended,282560,33754548,Posted: 23 July,all,WeegeeMaelstrom,"The path system is horrible, entrances for rides are pre-placed, no customization options, the spline system for roller coasters, and other problems lead to me saying Get Planet Coaster instead."
,Not Recommended,282560,22601757,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,caytee,"Do not get your hopes up.. There is a LOT of lag. The first few attempts of opening the game ended in it crashing, when it finally loaded the park I chose it had a delay of about 2-3 seconds when the graphics are set as low as possible, which is extremely frustrating, it was almost impossible to do anything in the game due to this problem.As a roller coaster tycoon fan in the past I can honestly say that I am extremely disapointed and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I will stick with rollercoaster tycoon 3, and unless they fix it so it's playable I will not be attempting to play it again.Very disappointed. :("
,Not Recommended,282560,22225322,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,CrystalGem Heights,"The graphics are sub-par and could be better. The loading times are sub-par and could be better. The music selection, which only includes five songs, is sub-par and could be better. The performance is very choppy any could be a heck of a lot better. The game feels like it's struggling to just perform basic functions, and simply chalking it up to an early release isn't an excuse when this game was supposed to release in late 2014, then early 2015, then late 2015, then not even fully realeasing by 2016.Everything about this game could be better, It's a shame but this game is just not up to standards."
76561198008819319,Not Recommended,282560,22211265,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Flanders016,"It's not that the game is frustrating, it's just boring. I had no joy playing it.I was tempted to say bureaucrats created this game, yet it's a really bad management game.Coasters, in RCTW, makes less revenue then the Bull ride!Coasters don't justify the investment, yet they're the whole point of the game...You have no control and therefore no idea which part of the park is covered by the staff.You need an Info boot every 2 rides, if not peeps get lost...You cannot set a range of prices for shops.Only food shops make revenue, gift shops are usuless... (Theses guys haven't heard of Disney)You have to set prices at each shop INDIVIDUALLY.Park land has the potential to be huge, yet you have very few rides to choose from.The peeps are soo skinny/small, you can't distinguish one from the other.No auto-delete when building rides.I could go on, but this game is not even able to cover the basic stuff we liked in RCT3.Pros : Ease of Path and coaster building.P.S.: This game will suck your PC dry. I have a powerful game PC and yet it often froze."
,Not Recommended,282560,22226096,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Hellobetty,Not recommended in current state (Early access)
76561198125072363,Not Recommended,282560,22217563,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rokana,this is a very bad copy of the real rollercoaster tycoon series if you prefer the old rollercoaster with new stuff in it then go for planet coaster.this game have very bad graphic lagging as hell if you have more then 250+ peeps in your park i know its early acces but this game is not even close to an alpha and the price is way to high for a game like this
,Not Recommended,282560,22159555,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ptilly,"While running the game on a GTX 980TI, I experienced frame rate ranging from 24-30, varying in the different areas of my park."
76561198119606167,Not Recommended,282560,22214613,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,man like eldot csgobounty.com,its generally quite a♥♥♥♥♥♥and not fun game
76561197969197347,Not Recommended,282560,22194389,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,The SSG,"To begin with, I didn't read the reviews first so my point of view wasn't tainted right off the bat. Honestly though this game doesn't live up to the franchise. The graphics are better than RTC3, but not 8 years better. The motion of the rides and peeps is not smooth. The graphics appear more cartoonish, less realistic. The game frequently hangs up or freezes and it loads very slow. Not nearly as many options as previous versions (ie no transit rides). The curved pathways are neat, but nothing lines up properly when using those tools (hedges and fences don't follow curves). Hedge and fence pieces are all one length, which leaves gaps. Limited tree options and no bushes. Peep movements are not natural, nor is their vomiting habits and urinating on the pathways (seriously?) I could go on and on.I want to like it, because I loved RTC 2 and 3, but it just is not there. I realize this is early access and I think the devs can fix many of the problems, but I don't see them going back and redesigning all of the graphics to the level you might expect them to be for a game created in 2015-2016. They really have a lot of work to do, and as loyal as I am to the franchise I don't see them pulling it off properly. I hope I'm wrong because I messed with it for an hour longer than the refund policy allows..."
76561198036245725,Not Recommended,282560,22227813,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Phantom X,this is a bad joke  this is suppose to be the next game but  this is more on the lines of a bad spin off title the stupid freeform system is horrible  I can't create a coaster becuse the building mechanics suckDon't buy this incomplete pile of junkBuy rct 3 instead  or planet coaster if you got the money
,Not Recommended,282560,26698989,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kommaardoor64,It's terrible. They ruined the franchise.Buy Planet Coaster. Not this.
,Not Recommended,282560,31028365,Posted: 8 April,all,mdmckeever,"This game is absolutely terrible. Very few options of rides to build, the construction is terrible, I can never get straight or clean building of paths, rollercoaster construction is horrible, I can never construct what I want when I'm doing it and its not like the old games. I'm fed up with it, I've tried, I've played it for hours hoping I was missing something. I want my money back... ♥♥♥♥ing TERRIBLE."
,Not Recommended,282560,26674301,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JaisonX12,"Atari has really run this franchise into the ground. Buy Planet Coaster instead, which is made by Frontier the developers that worked on Rollercoaster Tycoon 3."
,Not Recommended,282560,18784694,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Matt,"Review for RCTW Beta Weekend One (10/30/15)The newest Rollercoaster Tycoon game in the series!-Please note before reading, remember that the purpose of this beta was, ""to test out the key features of the coaster builder and associated systems"" (RCTW Blog #22)-This beta is not going to represent what the entire final product is going to be, it will change overtime with feedback from us, the community, until RCTW Beta Weekend Two rolls around! Please read the entire review to know why I don't reccomend this at this current moment.-General OverviewLikes:- Path customization- Good variety of pathways and scenery in general for beta.- Water physics- Terrain Deformation tools- Good looking UI- Guests were spooky ghosts only for a limited time since it Halloween is approaching as I am typing this.Dislikes:- Crashing!- Takes ages to recover from a crash.- No options to change settings such as audio, graphics, etc in the beta.- No snapping to objects like fences to make placement faster- No grid!- Can't remove added trains when customizing coaster.- Framerate is all over the place.- No tutorial!Noticed Bugs:- When doing something else on your PC while RCTW is loading, the game tends to crash. (e.g. opening steam overlay, leaving window.)- Once placing station and forced to edit the coaster, when accidently exiting before placing a track and going back to edit wont allow you to place any track and gives you an ""Invalid Location!"" error.- Tons of black little dots appear on the main menu sometimes.SummaryHonestly, I felt kind of dissapointed with the beta. But don't get me wrong, this game has major potential to be something big and unique but at the current stance of the beta, I'm kind of iffy on what was only given to us to provide feedback. But anyways, the beta included great elements in the coaster builder which included a lot more coaster customization when laying out the tracks. It didn't feel like it was only a set of pre-modeled tracks and looked like it gave peeps whiplash when making tilted turns (like in rct3) and allowed me to make smooth, curvy tracks. The only thing that gave me a problem in the coaster builder is that there was no way to remove added carts! This is a major key feature in the coaster builder! But if there was a way to remove carts, feel free to correct me.The pathway design improved a lot since the previous RCT game. Now there is the ability to make curved paths which is fantastic, and also realistic! There was also a variety of pathways to choose from and also had different sizes which allowed a lot more customization to the game. Not only there was a variety of pathways, but also a variety of scenery to decorate your park. This included many lampposts, benches, trees, etc to use! And to even add onto that, the Terrain Deformation Tool allows you to customize your park with pretty, vibrant hills with also the use of the terrain sprayer. It also included a water tool to make lakes or ponds.Now don't think the beta was all fine and dandy! There was also many things that I was dissapointed about which was the lack of a tutorial, which pretty much there to show you how to play. It was pretty much get into the game and figure out what to do. Although it did not take long, I eventually figured out some of the controls. And one thing that bugged me the most was the placement of pathways, stations, and scenery since there was no grid to make things neat. It also helps alot when creating straight pathways. Also the game pretty much crashed a lot in the loading screens, framerate was all over the place, and there was no options to customize your game. Hopefully this will get added soon for the second beta!But yeah, to conclude this review, I do not reccomend this game yet because it can go either way. It could go terrific or can go bad. If you are really considering, I reccomend it if you are a fan of the RCT series like me, and support the developers of the game and provide tons of feedback for them to read!"
76561198323338444,Not Recommended,282560,29101153,Posted: 7 January,all,Aly,"It's not as good as previous rollercoaster tycoon titles, and having played the other rollercoaster tycoon titles, i'm just not digging the way this one is played. I prefered the multitude of different shops and rides over the rather limited selection in Rollercoaster tycoon world. Where i spent hours developing the parks in the other titles, and customizing them the way i want to, and can take my time getting challenges done, some of the challenges/missions in this game are either too hard or too quickly over, and the game time per map/park is rather limited timewise, you just can't spend as much time on it. I found the maps for each park are rather limiting as well."
76561198032449996,Not Recommended,282560,26484134,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DVDA Suicidalslinky,"I can't Recommend this game in its current state. While it has been imporved some there are other Roller Coaster related games with much much more in the game, less bugs, and so much more. the only thing this game may have over others is Multiplayer if that actually ever gets added.11-16-2016 so i came back to look at this game seeing as it was released to try to compete with the other game of this genre and im mad at myself for even coming back to this. this game is a failure in ever aspect. it doesnt beat its rival in any area."
,Not Recommended,282560,30466334,Posted: 12 March,all,Danpai,Game is broken i made craploads of food places and people were hungry in a small♥♥♥♥♥park omg and everyone complains too much lots of glitches too
,Not Recommended,282560,22224197,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dylan_JW01,I dont reccomend this game. The frame rate is awful and runs way too slow.
76561197964909051,Not Recommended,282560,33793657,Posted: 25 July,all,hosebei,"I bought it on summer sale, I thought it might be better than the reviews from release date. But no, no, no, no. It crashes a lot, which is the most annoying part for me."
76561198192072277,Not Recommended,282560,28933729,Posted: 2 January,all,SpaceXRod,"The game runs poorly on my laptop. Although its capable enough to run high graphic games. The game also seems broken & crashed at times. The game looks exciting though & wanna try playing it though. But initial impressions thumbs down!!Dear Atari/Nvizzio, please kindly optimize the game & please fix it since it seems broken. I would really love to try this game since i have already bought it & as mentioned above it runs poorly on my machine."
76561198375149900,Not Recommended,282560,30898523,Posted: 2 April,all,sharniemillard,"Played all the different roller coaster tycoons since i was younger, this one is rubbish. takes forever to load, when it eventually decides to the load the game keeps buffering and flickering, really bad so you cant even play the game!! regret ever buying this! DO NOT BUY, waste of £27!!!"
76561197989795793,Not Recommended,282560,26673901,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SteveT,Bought during early access expecting the best after I had played RCT1 2 and 3 so much over the years. Very dissapointing. I tried again after the full release but just could not get into it. RCT3 I found much more enjoyable. Have deleted it from my hard drive now.
76561198062053011,Not Recommended,282560,22185880,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,X420BlazeX,Older versions are way better and cheaper.
76561198085696412,Not Recommended,282560,22211574,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,edward.woolford,"I'm nearly 39 years old and as a father of two young children I don't get to play too many PC games from my youth, but there are a few that I've waited many of years to play...RCT and Sim City being the priorities.  After the horrible Sim City release, I said I would never buy another game from EA and now Atari has done the same to the RCT series with World.I'm not sure who they are hiring to program these games anymore (cheapest folks I guess) but I'm in complete shock at the condition/state of this game (early access aside).  Before these games get issued to the public the CEO should play for at least 2 hours because I can't imagine any CEO who cares about quality or name recognition would consider releasing a game in the current state of RCTW.  If possible, I would hope Atari would just scrap this game and provide an amazing update of new props, flat rides and coasters, etc. for folks to incorporate into the existing RCT3 (please consider).My experience with the current state of World:  Load the game / before entering into a scenario or sandbox choose the quit button - a pop up appears and asks ""would you like to quit game"" - Choose Quit - pop up disappears and takes you back to the main menu without quitting game.  The stinking main menu doesn't even work.  Nothing works. The limited coasters in early access don't line up very easily and each one I built had major graphical issues of all types, the paths are a complete and utter joke, the paint colors (only 4) have one for sand that is a dark brown vs. white (labeled wrong I guess), the sandbox mode has no empty base map so plan on spending 2 hours deleting/leveling before you can even use the sandbox, very limited on flat rides and coasters, options to tweak them is null to very limited - flat rides are a joke (look cool) but not useful for designing into a realistic/personalized park due to the art designs incorporated into them, peeps walk on and through just about anything including thru fencing, landscaping, etc.I'm just livid that another favorite game from my youth has been completely and utterly destroyed to the point of which you know another release will never happen.  Sorry - but I find it shocking that PC Game Makers like Atari can't build a game better then what it was a decade earlier...I guess the end of PC games is just around the corner."
,Not Recommended,282560,22179221,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,FinnK0811,"This game is a HUGE let down for the amazing RollerCoaster Tycoon series. Don't waste your money on it. The game is broken, runs badly is a let down to rct fans.UPDATE:If you are looking for a good, fun and enjoyable theme park tycoon game, check out Planet Coaster!(I do not work for Planet Coaster, I just think you will enjoy that game more than this one)If you are still tempted on buying the game, Check out this review by Lazy Game Reviews, it's helpful and should let you know about buying the game for yourself:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8vltu1xLnU"
76561198182704802,Not Recommended,282560,33511105,Posted: 13 July,all,Harry Rasing,This game crashes even more then my coasters do...
,Not Recommended,282560,34881493,Posted: 11 September,all,Studdenfadden,"After countless hours on the predecessors I figured I would try this one out despite the bad reviews. Unfortunately, the reviews on here of this game are right it is awful. It literally crashed 8 times in one hour no matter what the settings were at. It just crashes constantly. Because of that, I got a refund, the first time I've ever done that.The game is just completely, literally unplayable."
76561198300375329,Not Recommended,282560,22601118,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,margaretjohnson1993,"I love this game. Very fun and addictive, but being early access it just isn't ready. I was fine with the game occasionally freezing up until it froze during the middle of my save. I lost all of my game play because it didn't save properly. Now I have to completely start over which is beyond frustrating. Wait until the glitches are fixed to buy this.Update:I tried to start another game, and it froze AGAIN while I was in the middle of saving. I lost yet another park that I built, and my park was worth over $30,000 at this point. I'm doing playing until this is fixed."
76561198009546706,Not Recommended,282560,22594878,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,soriphius,"Controls are cumbersome, it crashes frequently, and has none of the feel the previous games had. I dont know how they managed to do it, but they put out a game in 2016 that is inferior in nearly every way to its 15yr old predesessor. And please do not give me any crap about it being early acsess. The game was due for a full release six monthes ago. Atari screwed the pooch when they hired a new company to build it instead of using the company they had used before. Every indication shows that previous company is now making a new game that will blow this piece of crap out of the water."
,Not Recommended,282560,22170442,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,multicm,"The game isn't as bad as most people are making it out to be, but Nvizzio was a terrible choice. It really brings shame to the Roller Coaster Tycoon name. I know Atari has the rights to Roller Coaster Tycoon but we all know Frontier IS Roller Coaster Tycoon. I didnt want to advertize Planet Coaster here like everyone else did, but you really need to try it. We owe it to Pioneer, they did a great job on RCT3, Atari does not deserve the name and Nvizzio disgraced it. This is where Roller Coaster Tycoon dies and Planet Coaster is born."
,Not Recommended,282560,22150051,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BRUXXUS,"It really bums me out to write this review.Let me start by telling you the blame for this fiasco is squarely on Atari. They hired a studio that had no reputation to build the game originally. They wasted a lot of time and money and didn't have anything to show for it.Since Atari brought Nvizzio on to finish the game, huge improvements were made in short amount of time. I have a lot of respect for the hard work Nvizzio is doing.Still, Atari set horrible expectation during the whole process and they've not done a great job of communicating with people following the progress of this game.I'm fairly against pre-ordering games, but after the progress I saw Nvizzio making I decided to pre-order to show my support. They didn't deliver on any of the pre-order perks and went silent again for months. Until today.Now the game is releasing in Early Access, which I'm typically a fan of, but I didn't pre-order an unfinished game. Obviously being Early Access the performance is pretty horrible, even on high end hardware.So yeah, don't buy this game. Not yet. I think it will be great in a year or two, but right now it's just a mess and Atari doesn't deserve your money for how they've treated this game."
,Not Recommended,282560,22179117,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Verrice,"Not yet... I ignored the large amount of negative reviews and bought anyway. I will keep an eye on this game and hope they improve it and will try again, but for now it's just not ready. The worst part for me was how non-intuitive the path and coaster placement was, other than that it felt like I just paid $50 to participate in a late stage alpha. Refunded; will be watching and hoping; I was really looking forward to this game."
76561198008237626,Not Recommended,282560,22556650,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,OWEN GLYNDWR,"there is an awsome game in the makeing here but alas at the moment it is for me utterly unplayable due to crashes and poor performance,some people it runs great with no problems and some terrible it seems any good reviews left here are from people that it runs well for. its in alpha or beta or what ever you wanna call it if you wanna toe along with that its your chioce but just be warned you may well be disapionted,reporting bugs is complex and could be simplified for an early access as any reports to the offiacal forum are met with reference.i just wish i had'nt purchased it in this early stage its simply far from ready."
,Recommended,282560,18804277,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ArkJag,"This is more of a ""thumbs in the middle, leaning up"" recommendation. I, like most other people reviewing the beta, grew up with the first two games, and still play them to this day.Pros:+Terrain editing and manipulation is FANTASTIC. Very easy to use and navigate, much more so than any of the previous games. Creating valleys, hills, mountains, holes, etc. is super easy and intuitive, and the water tool is much simpler than in previous games.+Pathing is also a huge improvement in RCTW. You can change the size of paths, as well as create curved paths. Much easier and less tedious to lay down as well.+Game itself is very pretty to look at.+Camera works like RCT3, a positive in my eyes.+I don't hate the coaster editor like some other reviews have stated. To be fair, I rarely messed around with it in the previous games. I'm not creative or talented enough to create anything worthy of laying down in a park, so I always relied on pre-built designs and online downloads for my coaster needs. That said, I found it simple enough to use after getting through a relatively steep learning curve. My biggest complaint with it is that the mouse sensitivity is too high, but I'm assuming (hoping) that we will have the option to tone it down upon release.Cons:-Physics seem way, way off. Coasters seem much too slow, and coaster stats appear to be questionable at best.-Time passes, way, way too fast. An in-game day goes by in what seems like 15 seconds, even on the slowest setting.-Everything seems too ""big"". This is a difficult one to explain.-This seems like a game that is six months to a year from release, not one a month and a half away. Menus are basic and ugly to look at, there are very, very few decoration items (assuming that there will be mcuh more at release), and descriptive text in menus is completely missing, or occupied by generic placeholder text."
,Not Recommended,282560,22210885,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bread :D,RCT3 still better than this one.
,Not Recommended,282560,28208387,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Phantom,I kinda want my money back.... This isn't what I paid for.
76561198242555206,Not Recommended,282560,22198818,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,xtine,"There are a lot of problems with this early version.  It is very frustrating....I built my park twice and both times the game crashed before I could even save it and had to start over.   Building paths is very jenky especially when linkiing up small paths to large ones.  Removing trees is a pain, perhaps I have not found a way to mass remove trees from an area, but having to click on each little tree and bush is annoying.  The modify terrain is also annoying, as the largest brush size is way too small.  I have not figured out how to assign machanics and janitors to certain areas....is there a way?  So far, my rides keep breaking down and the paths become a huge mess even though I have many machanics and janitors.  Hopefully these things get fixed.  I have been waiting so long for this game to come out, only to be disappointed :("
,Not Recommended,282560,28440056,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Whooda,"I felt duped when I preordered RCTW and it suddenly went into ""Early Access"" when it was supposed to be in full release form. At that time the game felt like it was alpha at best. I held on to hope that Atari valued their audience and were going to make the best of things by delivering a finished product by full release. I defended RCTW and told others to just give them time and they might be able to turn things around. Duped again apparently. *I think* they were pushed to some arbitrary holiday deadline, or afraid of Frontier's game, either way it has released in a very sub-par state.I tried to like RCTW but it's just not good enough. No matter how good this last group of devs are and even though they tried to listen to us they were given a task that was insurmountable. All in all I would stay away from this game, it had potential but they sadly bungled it. The best thing I got from my pre-order was the lesson to never pre-order another game.*PROS*-The Coaster Creator. You can build pretty good looking rides once you learn a bit about how it works.-When they work right the flat rides are not so bad.*CONS*(The Short List)-The path system. It has never worked right. They fixed it up as best they could but that's like putting lipstick on a pig.-The AI. Nothing like watching guests form a vortex at the paths between the food stalls and the bathrooms, never to ride another ride again. Or sit down. Or anything but eat and defecate.-Still feels like a beta state game. Memory leaks still reported. Game breaking glitches still present from early access.*TL/DR* Not worth the price of admission."
76561198068116272,Not Recommended,282560,22188227,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Darkwing Duck,"If you want half of rollercoaster tycoon 3 then this is the game for you....The game is choppy, the graphics are barely the same level as RCT3! The game is broken is MANY aspects. Tons of bugs. I'm honestly a little sorry I bought this game. The fact that this game was going to ship last year is mind blowing! They even claimed they fixed tons of issues from that release date and the game is still terrible!I sure hope they patch/update the living heck out of this game because as of right now it's awful, absolutely awful.I'm not sure why there is a growing trend of terrible games on launch day, what happened to releasing a finished game!I will update my review when more patches/updates come out.Until then, AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE! Seriously I give this game a 1/10. RCT3 was a better game and that game sucked compared to RCT2."
76561197970594494,Not Recommended,282560,22224581,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,blakpawn,"Its early access so you can expect some features to be missing. I like the game while it plays, but I get out of memory issues when building a coaster repeatedly which means I cant get very far into it. I hope to recommend this game once they sort out the memory issues."
,Not Recommended,282560,22223877,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,chase.t.rogness,"At the moment I have to give this game a no for recommendation sadly. I had hoped that it would be a great game! But sadly it is missing SO MUCH and it is no where close to properly optimized. This is the first game on my just built PC that actually lags when I am building stuff.So to not just complain, here is a list for the dev's on what they may be able to do to somehwat salvage the game.1). Optimize your♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean really optimize this game because holy crap.2). There needs to be more variety for rides and buildings, this game is over 10 years old and the original roller coaster tycoons have more rides.... you need to be surpassing that. Things like swimming stuff should already be in the game and not something that would be DLC because they where already in Roller Coaster Tycoon 3.3). Back to touch on something of optimization. You can't make a single path straight and that is starting to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, nor can you place objects on paths basically wherever you want. This should not be an issue yet it is, I don't see how it can be an issue but you guys seem to have made it an issue.4). Fix the terrain tools so the brushes are larger when you are closer so that you can actually see if you have gotten everything down to the level you want it or up to the level you want it. I am constantly having the problem where I think I got it all then I build something and notice I didn't.5). Optimize the peeps, both workers and guests, so they stop being so dumb about things. I basically have to have a janitor/mechanic for every ride I put in the park because they seem to not move quick enough between everything. As for the peeps, every thrill ride and coaster I constantly have a path covered in puke even if I put a bathroom right next to the exit...6). I think that you guys may be heading in the right direction but there is just simply not enough in the game at the moment to get my recommendation. This may sound harsh, and it is, but I wouldn't even want to release the game with how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is at the moment. Add things like research and development into the game to unlock things, don't gate them behind completing parts of the campaign. That is tidious and annoying when I have no real control over what I want more of.7). Developers, listen to your audience and realize♥♥♥♥♥♥is going wrong at the moment. For example the grid, well since the grid isn't properly alligned at the moment it doesnt work, simple and easy fix but yet you guys haven't done it. Just please listen to your audience so that you stop getting such negative reviews."
,Not Recommended,282560,28831647,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yandet,"------TWO HOURS OF MY PLAY TIME IS TRYING TO WAIT OUT LOAD SCREENS.----I can't even play the game anymore. Haven't been able to since early access because I can't get past a loading screen.Reported it to steam and asked for a refund. Couldn't give me one so now I'm tempted to just delete this atrocity from my library.When I did play, it was awful. I loved the classic cames and spent countless hours on them, but this is not one of those games. This genuinely felt like it was just a quick cash grab since they knew so many old fans would be dying to get another RTC game. I'm absolutely disgusted.Don't buy it. Just don't do it. Go buy Planet Coaster instead."
,Not Recommended,282560,22187880,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,NathanJ,"as a park management game it's... passable. but barely. if you're used to better camera control, or paths that actually work this game will frustrate you to no end. there are some graphical glitches, but it is early access so I'll give a little room on those, and some odd audio triggering.it makes me sad to see this, would not reccomend."
,Not Recommended,282560,22193535,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Luke Cuss,"This is hard, I want to recommend the game but its far from complete. I bought this game 6 months ago. A few weeks before is was SUPPOSED to be relased. Like, Fully released... but htey pushed it back. Then they pushed it back again.FINALLY it comes out and its in early access!? Okay,Okay, Lets try it out. so i did.The game lags so bad,I get fed up with having to repeaed my compuuter spec.i have an I7 processor with 2.5Ghz Quad core. I have 12GB Ram and Nivida GTX700 series. I have the game settings on LOW and it still LAGS... please sort it out."
,Not Recommended,282560,22189979,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Cameraman,"At this point I give the game a vote of no confidence. It has potential. Clearly there were a lot of good ideas that the developers were working on. However, at this point nearly every single functionality of the game is broken or deeply flawed. I'm not saying it can't or won't be fixed. But the game was supposed to be released in December (and really was supposed to be released before that) and it's now April. I'm thinking the developer is in over their heads here and there's a possibility that this mess can't be fixed. I really hope I'm wrong,"
,Not Recommended,282560,22193397,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,kylewesleyharris,"A little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, First off game is laggy, lot of bugs paid 50 dollars to play a game full of bugs.. To top that off I read on their Website this.. ""We know this is not what some of you may have expected. Thus, we are reaffirming our refund policy – we allow refunds up to March 31st 2016 to anyone that pre-ordered the game throughAtari.comorRollerCoasterTycoon.com. This gives you a day to try Early Access, no strings attached. If you pre-ordered via Steam or another retailer, they will be able to facilitate refunds as needed."" - Rollercaster Tycoon I was ok sweet well atleast let me try it out and see if it has any potential.. If I dont like it they will give me time to get a refund. Played it, again an incomplete game with bugs. I love paying 50 dollars for a crappy and buggy software.. So I submit a refund request with Steam.. Turns out I have more than 2 hr of gameplay.. Steam wont give me a refund.. So heres were Roller Coaster lies. Lies about release day, lies about the refund. So in the mean time im playing the better game of Planet Coaster. I hope to god Roller Coaster Tycoon gets their game fixed, so I dont seem like I paid for a crappy program."
76561197986400130,Not Recommended,282560,22195848,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,I Play Naked,"Released way too soon. Coaster builder is very clunky and not user friendly, pre-built coasters are awful and don't use any banking or features, very poor terrain tools. Delete tool is awful on trees and plants. Hit boxes are all over the place.TL;DR - Currently requesting refund"
,Not Recommended,282560,22222087,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,cristy613,"At first, I was very excited about this game coming out. Paid $50, which was kinda pricey in my mind, months in advance only to be disappointed not only by a very delayed release date but also by a crappy experience. I was able to play yesterday for a few hours (which was a laggy and somewhat glitchy experience) and then paused the game while I went to dinner. Came back, game had crashed. Now, it keeps getting stuck at 0% while loading. Will sit there for hours. Tried reinstalling, running in Windows 7 compatibility mode, nothing works. Overall, I am very disappointed thus far."
76561198091460902,Not Recommended,282560,22232685,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,leonski1981,It's just not ready! no progress seems to have been made since the beta test in fact it feels to me like it's got worse. I hope they can improve this but it still needs a lot of work to bring it into 2016! I wouldn't recommend buying this game at the moment.
76561198125861582,Not Recommended,282560,22169480,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,fearxgrunt,"I know this is early acces but my god what a piece of crap this is!Game crashes sometimes. (just bought new powerfull hardware)I watched some trailers and some game-play video's of the game but the grapics are just not the same. They are horrible. The rides, tree's and buildings look ok, but the people/AI look like they pulled them out of the year 2008 and placed them in a 2016 game. people are lagging out of the trains. employees fly throug little hills and over the paths.workman; you can't direct them where to go or what to do.engineer; they don't do check-ups and safety controls, even not when you put the timer on 10 minutes.docters; well, wtf do these guys do? all my people had broken arms or something like that.The people (AI) are so stupid. they throw up after 5 seconds when they get out of the ride. my park was filled with pee (the yellow♥♥♥♥♥♥on the paths is pee because people couldn't find toilets). I placed toilets everywhere and those ♥♥♥♥♥ couldn't find them. the AI in Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 and 2 were more intelligent then these guys.I builded a park in this game were people (the AI0 would recommand my park to there friends, but I would definitely not recommand this game to my friends. I could be such an awesome game and i hope the producers do something with all the feedback but for now i'm done with this game. It really needs a lot of work.my advice: if you really wanna play this game, WAIT FOR THE ORIGINAL RELEASE AND DON'T GO EARLY ACCES! Early acces will only dissapoint you."
,Not Recommended,282560,34501304,Posted: 26 August,all,Genius,"The cost is too much for something like this, ive been waiting for this game for a while but its more like they are just lazy.Its kind of a nice game but limited. It feels like it was built for an Ipad.  :/"
76561198077705876,Not Recommended,282560,26637258,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,dirty_soap_dish,"I gave it a shot. I tried. I wanted to support this beloved franchise, but beloved no more. I had 1000x more fun with Planet Coaster Alpha, Beta even moreso. Save the money and especially save the frustration. Planet Coaster's editor is second to none...save No Limits 2. But that's more of a CAD program than a game.No, RCTW lost me after 65 hours. And I say this with much regret.Maybe the Workshop crowd can make something out of this mess, but I'm not sure that even the best modders have anything tangible to work with here.Will check in from time to time to see if there are any improvements, but as of now, it's Planet Coaster all the way."
,Not Recommended,282560,26558054,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,NightMare | GFX,"terrible... seriously cant call this a finished game.. I used to love rollercoaster tycoon however im sticking to the original devs, fronteir and their game planet coaster. now that is a game."
76561198180508494,Not Recommended,282560,22170292,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,pwconnolly2,"Worst game ever. Terrrible graphics, keeps  crashing . Shame on Atair for putting such a terrible game."
,Not Recommended,282560,22260109,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Frasion,Worst game ever i played never seen a broken game like this.Put it back in beta and finish it please ....
,Not Recommended,282560,29639481,Posted: 1 February,all,gulpee rex,Get it and regret it.
76561198159361896,Not Recommended,282560,24633732,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,lordon301,very poor and after been 9 month 0n from the original release date and no where near finnished... early access is pointless and feel rather annoyed that i payed over £35 for this on pre order and now it is getting offered early access for less than £25 and everyone who preordered have been let down and no sign of any sort of compensation or gift
,Not Recommended,282560,22153498,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Polimer Jones,"I feel bad for giving this game a bad review. I feel the devs tried to make this as good as possible but it just didnt turn out that way. Maybe if the current devs had it to start with we would have something different. I hope this can become something great but right now it is not.-peeps look bad and have bad animations-path system needs major work-the grid and snap feature does not work properly-round fountains have a square feild you cant build within.-the spline style coaster building should just be removed its that bad-the piece by piece build isnt great either. It actually says the curve is too sharp when using it.-the staff management has been completely removed-people teleport, walk through walls and in the grass.-benches snap to the outside of the path where they cant be used-static ride entrences and exits-sub par general graphics and frame rates"
76561198056614772,Not Recommended,282560,24827745,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,alan16ac,"I do believe this game has potential. It has the bases to be a very fun game, and good successor to RCT3.But currently, there are far too many issues and glitches. I've given time, to see if they'd be sorted. But nothing seems to happen quickly. So for now, it's a no.Please sort it out! As I really want to love this game."
76561197993487400,Not Recommended,282560,28348275,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sadistic Savior,"You should not even be considering this game...Planet Coaster is better in every way. There is literally nothing that RCT-World does as well or better. Save your money. I own both, and I have no reason to ever play this game again. Planet coaster is the REAL successor to the RCT series. RCT-World is a pretender to the throne."
,Not Recommended,282560,22151195,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,drw7,"This game is not ready to be released even in Alpha.  It actually offers less content and features than the game it supposedly succeeds (RCT3).   To ask $50 for so little content is asking way too much.  This is not the way to make your fan base happy Atari!  Requested refund and am going to wait for Planet Coaster - which shows so much more promise.Cities: Skylines turned out to be what most people were hoping for in the last SimCity.  Let's hope that Planet Coaster is the true successor to RCT3.  Sadly, RollerCoaster Tycoon World does not appear to be it."
76561198022252218,Not Recommended,282560,29347259,Posted: 18 January,all,Mélenshok,Really disappointed. I'd rather have spent my money on Planet coaster
,Not Recommended,282560,25243045,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,JD Gaming 365,"i have played this game since beta it is getting better, but however it is still locking up bad and having long load times still.  you also can't monefy the terrain that much under the paths and coasters and when you place a path down the terrain comes through the path's making it hard to remove the path's and we still cant make tunnels this game is still far away from being complete the game has been out sense 11/16/2017  the just had there spring up date and the game is still not betterit is 04/08/2017  spring updatewere were promised  alot of things for early 2017 and it look's like we never got it.  it looks like atari and nvizzio creations  lied to us yet again.i don't recommend  this game in the state it is in how ever i may change that later where the game get's better and i might give a better review to"
,Not Recommended,282560,22186181,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jac,"Welcome to a game that looks worse then Rollercoaster tycoon 3.I normally never ask for a refund for a game, but holy cow this game is a mess that seems more like coming out of a scam indie studio then a well-known Atari backed studio that seemed to have control on the development and was finally giving us another great rollercoaster tycoon game, but even in early access this game is so broken that it would require a major overhaul so big that we would not see it for a long time and they do not seem willing to do that.I can live with graphics that are not top end, i can live with certain framedrops and lag in a early access game. What i do not however can live with and support is a broken game where it´s not just the above that is the problem, its also animation, core gameplay elements like guests actually going to a store, guests that run around like headless chickens because the queue is not long enough, pathways that are just poor. not to mention ridecams that made me look at the date just to make sure i was not actually back in the 90´s.These things was even in a old Rollercoaster tycoon 3 but it seems that the developers have forgotten that we are writing 2016 and not 1996.So can i recommend this?, not a chance in fact STAY FAR FAR FAR FAR AWAY. Unless they change their game drastically this is a failiure."
,Not Recommended,282560,25209872,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,mattdanw,"Do not buy this game in its current form, needs at least another year, if not 2 to sort this mess out: glitchy path design tool, terrible animations and errors that pop up for no reason that prevent you from playing. The sad part is I am a big fan of rct and this game has really let myself and other die hard fans down, very disappointed :("
76561198036710040,Not Recommended,282560,22192756,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,whitesoxdude,"As a fan of roller coaster tycoon, I was kind of disappointed. I think you guys should change the arrow keys back to the mouse to mov the screen. It is just so much more easier with the mouse. The graphics werent as good. The paths are a bit hard to place as well."
,Recommended,282560,25349227,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,tommywicks,Purchased dispite the bad reviews. Easy to use once you get used to the controls and edge scrolling is on (turned off by defult which is annoying). Not as buggy as I was expecting it to be but have run into the odd bug which is expected with an early access game. Still a work in progress but happy with my purchase :)
,Not Recommended,282560,22211006,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Darknight,Graphics on the game needs imporving. Better engine. Better looking style of thing because event planet coaster looks better.
76561197996124118,Not Recommended,282560,22295621,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bloopy,"I was about to seek a refund and realized the download was available. I will not compare this game to any other like game currently on the market ""for fairness"", with that said..This game was something like a job I got as a teenager, it looks so much better on paper than it did in real life. Somehow it just doesn't seem as fun as all the prior installations and I have played RCT 1-3 (and all the add-ons loopy landscapes, corkscrew follies et al), today there is a sort of vibe, nay, passion missing in RCT.Pro's:My PC didn't crashThings are a hint more attractiveThere is more detail (like a mop bucket behind the janitors station for example) ooohPeeps have no character, groups etc..The parking lot adds realismI like the park and rides management systemCute ride and shop namesCurved paths nice path detailsLots of plants optionsBenches and lighting can be off the pathsCons:I spent the moneyMore puke than ever - ""look a lamp-post"" - bleeeghDon't know why the game just seems flat - lifeless.Nothing really snapped to a grid as I expectedI put in nice dining I had zero popularity though I had 600 peeps visit it they must be just reading the menu'sPaths are a pain - periodDecor construction tools was limited - walls etc..Deleting: ever tiny bunch of green and tiny little pebble to put in a ride was just silly.Deleting: select a ride and it's so easy to select another ride nearbyIf there is enough negative feedback - this might be all we get folks.My guess is they had to rush this out to avoid refunds (tough to account for behind the scenes). Seems like someone is spread too thin to have made this right the first time (I feel bad them and wish them luck). This game could have been very profitable if the right internal resources were dedicated to it.If the game is ever finished I'll give it another go but have no plans on participating in early access forums. If this game were $15.99 and I'd give it a thumbs up for value. I think this game is simply OK, I give them a thumbs to the marketing team for getting good revenue. That is one approach to business.."
76561197965197520,Not Recommended,282560,26639763,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,#1 Fogle Fan,"I have a bunch of games in my library that I've purchased, but have never installed and probably never will; I regret this purchase more than all of those."
,Not Recommended,282560,22159881,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Redarchs,"so i played alittle on the ""SandBox"" Mode and the Moment the Game Loaded in i seen a SMALL Park, Nothen like RTC3 with how big the land is for the park, Sandbox should be unlimited amount of space because well its ""SANDBOX"" Mode, I love every Roller Coaster Tycoon, Iv been waiting for this game since March of last year when it was announched for a Release in November then it was pushed to December and Then to March 30th. Now i am gonna give it more time for me to play, But i remember the first time i played RCT 1 i was glued to my Computer Seat for Hours and Hours, Same with RCT 2 and 3, While i was Streaming RCTW last night i played and was BORED out of my mind, As of right now If your a fan of RCT 1,2, and 3 DO NOT BUY OR PLAY THIS GAME until it is fully finished, You will HATE Roller Coaster Tycoon for EVER after if do play it, You place a ride and it has a Set Enterance and Exit Port unable to move where the Enterence and Exit is, Overall as of right now i am giving RCTW a 3/10 rating, i may change this review when more updates come out but as of right now its a 3/10. I WAS SO EXCITED FOR THIS GAME. =("
,Not Recommended,282560,24506879,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,XProductions,"First off, the game has a lot of bugs. Also to build rollercoaster sit takes a lot of thought, (Which can be better at times) whereas in rollercoaster tycoon 3 you could get in and build a rollercoaster coaster like that. No messing around with safety and the free form tool is messed up.However I'm personally a big sucker to when it comes to FPS (Frames per second) and graphics quality. RTC world delivers this really well compared to RTC3. Terrain editing is much nicer as the tiles are gone from RTC3 and blending is better. Although rides and rollercoaster scant go underground and after you've finished a rollercoaster, you can't edit the terrain that sits underneath the track! That sucks!Also when zooming out, peeps become more static. By that I mean there is no movement in there arms, legs and body but instead the shuffle along the ground as if your FPS is down at 2! As well as there is a lack of themes. I know that RTC3 only had an extra 5 themes through the platinum edition but come on Atari, add more themes and as well as there is no filter to filter themes like on RTC3; there all in one big list!To conclude I wouldnt buy this game yet. It has a lack of customisation and needs to be developed. I do realise this is early access and not everything is added and flushed out, exactly why you shouldn't buy this game just yet. Once the game is out fully then give it a go but stick to RTC3 or planet coaster.John"
,Not Recommended,282560,26634610,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,crl6289,"In agreement with the majority..had high hopes, but unfortunately the game didn't deliver. Compared to RCT3...yes, it's an improvement IMO. Compared to PC, ha! Not even in the same ball park. PC blows this out of the water and it's not even released yet."
,Not Recommended,282560,22168389,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,PopoG73,This is an unbelievable piece of crap. It's unfathonable that they would release a game that won't even load. Shame on Steam for allowing this to happen. I'm having the common problem of loading to 57% then I get a game not responding window. UN-freaking-ACCEPTABLE Steam!
76561198064465362,Not Recommended,282560,22168397,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,That1Niftyguy,"Having played and enjoyed the RCT franchise for most of my life, I was overjoyed when I heard this game was in development. I never thought a Roller Coaster Tycoon game could be butchered so badly. Boy, was I proven wrong.This game feels like a bad port of a knock-off RCT game for a mobile platform. There's barely any content, the graphics are sub-par, the UI is clunky, the guests lag the game, and you can't even move the camera with the mouse. They said this game was 80-90% done upon release? And after numerous release delays, they have the audacity to try and hide it behind an Early Access tag at the last minute to attempt to cover up how flawed the game is. There is no excuse for this.This game does not deserve to be called a Roller Coaster Tycoon game."
,Not Recommended,282560,33740450,Posted: 23 July,all,sorcerer,"The game seemed fun at first, going through the tutorial. I was quite happy with the controls and the interface, in general. However, the game freezes by itself or freezes my entire OS so often that I stopped trying to finish the third tutorial mission.If you're looking for a relaxing game, this isn't it."
76561198139646759,Not Recommended,282560,28911883,Posted: 1 January,all,Hotcoldplayer,"the gameplay is very buggy and boringthe grafics were cool in 2004 but far from what we see in 2016/2017.the rollercoasters are way to hard to build and get them very well working.this game is ruined because of the battle agains planet coaster. if they spent a whole lot more time, attention and perfection it was able to fight planet coaster..."
76561198061298806,Not Recommended,282560,34025411,Posted: 4 August,all,Ruffy,"Absolute disgrace! Put such a black mark on the franchise.Do not. I Repeat. Do not buy this game. You will waste your money and time.I totally regret pre ordering this (so called game) and now in a dispute with steam to get a refund on ""this"".Avoid all this trouble buy planet coaster instead!"
76561197996149894,Not Recommended,282560,34064091,Posted: 6 August,all,fpsrtsr,Just shocking what a way to kill rct
76561198022023616,Not Recommended,282560,22196923,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,OliPicard,Just awful... even in BETA.- Maps are TINY!- the game crashes often.- The graphics are poor.It's a step backwards. I wouldn't recommend this game.
76561198325803556,Not Recommended,282560,28595590,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,kaih334,The full release of the game iss'nt much better than the early access. Overall this game is not worth it. The graphics are awful and the overall design of the game is bad with an unbelivebly amount of bugs and glitches. . I cant possibly think of a positive. This game may be worth your money if its under £5 in my opinion.
76561198087093298,Not Recommended,282560,22170402,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,RockO,"ya im sorry this is not what i was waiting for....i hope it gets better...but damn there i so many things missing....i really thought this would be like wow...look at the grafics...the people walk the same some young people walk like there old....just never got better..the crying kids.,.. and people sound like they are making out or having intercourse ...real disturbing..moving around the park is a little crazy...useing the keyboard only...i would have like to move around with the mouse more...for the way this is right now..i would say a  10.00 dollars at the most ...i already paid like 4 month ago ..i guess i am stuck with this crap..."
,Not Recommended,282560,22187104,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Coasterfrk03,Absolutely horrible. What a disappointment. RCT3 was 100 times as good even though it is like 10 years old. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME! Im definetly trying for a refund.
76561198295398645,Not Recommended,282560,22190258,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kaiteypotaitey,"I just downloaded this game and played for maybe 30 minutes. I read all of the reviews, and I still decided I wanted the game because I love all of the old ones. I figured it would at least be as good as the last one that came out years ago. I'm going to try it out a little longer and I'm hoping I'll like it more. Overall though, it's super laggy. I don't have a fancy PC, but it's decent and it was constantly lagging at least a little. I also really dislike the pathway builder. It doesn't really sound that important, but you have to build paths constantly on this game. It's difficult to even make the path go straight at times. Another thing that I didn't see anyone else mentioned, but it bothered me, was that on the old ones you simply hired employees as you needed them. On this one you have to build buildings for all the different kinds of services. I don't like that because it takes up room of my park for no reason. I haven't even built a coaster yet!! Not sure if I should try to get  refund yet, but let's just say I'd rather be playing the one that came out 17 years ago."
76561198202072202,Not Recommended,282560,22172909,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,kodydennon,Wow the building of the coasters is really really buggy. this game needs a lot of work. for me the game is completely unplayable i cant have fun with it.
76561198255819211,Not Recommended,282560,22169889,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,shane519ghost,"Utter dissapointment, and great regrets.  If you have Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, don't even bother.I got so excited when I read on March 29th that the game finally had a release date and it was March 30th!  The game which I purchased last fall which then had a release date of December 2015, later pushed to ""early 2016"" after a very poor beta weekend.They now released the game under ""early access.""Do not buy this game expecting the next installment in the Roller Coaster Tycoon franchise.  Think of it as some new knock off game trying to live up to what was, and falling shortThemed stalls selling unthemed items, really?!RCT franchise is dead like many other great games such as Sim City."
76561198022970617,Not Recommended,282560,22195017,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,darthtyran,"RCT WORLD is an unstable game that crashes constantly, even on high end computer systems.  The game likes to crash when using the bulldozer and has crashed while trying to save causing hours of coaster building to go down the drain.  I recommned that while you build or design coasters that you save the same coaster build twice under two different names.The look of the game is gorgeous, with realistic peeps, lighting, and textures. The coaster building freeform is interesting however requires some tweeking.  I recommend having more preconstructed options available like loops and helixes as these are difficult to make with the system...(at least smooth concentric loops and helixes.)  The curved paths are a bear to acclimate to.  I should be able to click on a start then an end position of the path and then adjust the curve as desired.Im sure that updates, fixes, and additional content will be forthcoming and constant.  Water, travel, and more thrill rides have been promised.  Tunnels will be nice too.  I have not yet attempted to create my own scenery, however, if I can play the game for 15 min without it locking up, seizing for half an hour, or out right crashing, I may attempt to import some buildings created in lightwave.  As it stands constant crashing is my bigest grip to an otherwise interesting game..the crashing makes the game unplayable in my opinion, at least at this point,  and requires some serious patching to improve stability, especially if they are charging $60 for the game."
,Not Recommended,282560,22172100,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,namer18,Paths snap poorly and are hard to align.  The game tends to freeze and run slowly.  Tutorial not very informative.  Disappointing start.
76561198040049526,Not Recommended,282560,22188117,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,lukeskywalker,"Worst rollercoaster game of all time, played all the rct games and I loved them all.But this one, oh boy.... I HATE this one with a passion, do NOT buy it! I luckly got a refund of my $60 and I'm satisfied. Go check out Planet Coaster instead."
76561198030898742,Not Recommended,282560,22192183,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,benji,I really wanted to like this game - but its just terrible :(
76561198128743176,Not Recommended,282560,22172155,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,-Bort-,"This game, unfortunately, is still♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198016021815,Not Recommended,282560,18834002,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Desutoroiya,"For this beta they wanted to test the coaster builder. It works fine if you get the hang of it, but for some reason the coaster will never be finished. I tried to build 1 coaster, but it totally randoms fails at random places. Yes, it even failed for me with chaining up before the drop or sometimes even when leaving the station(physics problems).Sometimes it made sense it failed, but then you tweak the place where it failed, you can tweak everything thats next aswell..Had some other issues aswell:-Needed to change my graphic card settings to get the game even running(otherwise you see a nice blue screen and   after some time you get kicked back you desktop).-Memory leak, after some time the game is not playable anymore, checked what it was but 8GB ram wasnt enough....-Game Speed affected the rollercoaster.-Camera is sometimes hard to control when building the coaster.It's the first beta, but they wanted feedback on the coaster builder (How people like the new system of building coasters). But if you can't play normal to test this thing then I say this game ain't ready to launch yet.Hope this game will release later then the date they stated.So for now I don't recommend this game!"
76561198253685537,Not Recommended,282560,22185804,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,stevethetrooper999,I really paid $50 dollars for this excuse of a game!!!
,Not Recommended,282560,22190535,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kucool88,"I was a top fans of RCT3, but RCTW is suck.Lack of features, except the rides, house, path.... nothing can build by custom. UGC doesn't expect ggod, very disappointed and want to return it !! Better wait for PlanetCoaster."
76561197969134510,Not Recommended,282560,22191694,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Zach,"When this game improves ... so will my review.Edit 4/9/16:Hooray! I can now create a rollercoaster without the game crashing!Pros:-Splines are coolCons:-The starting area is the size of a postage stamp-The way you connect rides to paths makes your park really space innefficient.-The coaster editor is still unwieldy.-No tunnels-Only one train per coaster-You can't change cars per train.-Graphical quality close to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, (gameplay nowhere near as good)-Sparse landscape"
,Not Recommended,282560,23720668,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Javier Bardem,"Rn this game lacks alot of the amazing elements that rct3 used like fireworks and building structures. With the lack of things in this game right now (even though it is in early access) i fear that it will never get to the point that rct3 did.rct3 had at least 45 different coasters- rctw has only 8 at the moment.I dont think the devs will add enough content to even compete with rct3Also mod support on the steam workshop is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its pretty much people just posting there lame♥♥♥♥♥parks so nobody can download them.Really Dissapointed so far, I hope the devs can turn this around and fast.This game just makes me wanna play more rct3"
76561198063797883,Not Recommended,282560,22163107,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,john.ryan.thacker,"This game is so incomplete and untested that it isnt even playable. I am a long time fan of the series and have played them all to completion multiple times. i can't even express how disappointed I am with the current quality of this game. I understand that this is a prerelease but they have had plenty of time to provide us with a better game than this. The fact that they are acctually charging money for this is insane. They should be ashamed of making people pay to play this terrible game. Since I have  already had to pay for this, I will attempt to play this again once the full release comes out, but till then I'm not gonna give myself a headache fighting a coaster builder that DOESN'T WORK!!!! Go back to the drawing board and don't screw up a wonderful series."
,Not Recommended,282560,26668061,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fraggle,"Its a total disaster!.  An epic failure, a monumental disapointment....  Dont waste your money on this. No Mans Sky was less disapointing than this...I actually feel Sick that I bought into this when it was first announced.Its a massive disapointment.,,,  and dont bother holding your breath, because it wont get fixed.The UI is horrific, designed for a Mobile App I think.  Its Vast, intrucive and constantly in the way.The Graphics are terrible given the state of Todays hardware, well, computer hardware.  Mobile hardware, who knows.The physics?.. when it works is okay....  when it works....The peeps?...  My god!, horrible!.  Poorly animated, badly textured, terrible path finding, they Clip thru obsticals, like Turn stiles, and Walls....The flat rides have fixed entry and exit points, so you have limited creativity.The Day / night transitions are Still laughable...This game was in development for how long?...  NVizzo utterly Failed!.  Although thats understandible since they stopped developing this game so they could Develop the upcomming Mobile Version!?.I have tried to like this game...  Iv tried..  11 Hours worth of trying...Its a total disaster!.  An epic failure, a monumental disapointment....  Dont waste your money on this."
76561197970629234,Not Recommended,282560,26568069,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Argus,"I figured this had another year or so in the oven. Nope. Leaving EA and going for a full release, while charging saps even less than what they charged people to get the EA version. Awful. Game has a long way to go, but don't even bother. Go for Planet Coaster instead."
,Not Recommended,282560,22237357,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,NeT,"I really really wanted to like this game, and now after playing the PlanetCoaster alpha early release I may be a bit clouded but this game lacks improvement, and growth after such a long time of un-comparable theme park sim/roller coaster park simulations. You know you have problems when a really early PlanetCoaster build is far more polished and feature rich than RollerCoaster Tycoon Worlds beta early build.All of the comments and opinions I have are with me knowing that yes it is an early access/release. Although I know this, it really isn't an excuse considering we have passed the original full game release date, and second full game release date.RollerCoaster Tycoon World severely lacks customization, and depth. Everything about it seems dull, and dumb (not like this game is dumb, but nothing in it seems smart, guests, employees, rides, etc). Everything just seems like its moving a long a set path with no real logic or process to give it a unique feel. Guests still hover around as if they are on an inviseable hovercraft, they are generic, and not very creative. There is no joy in the guests eyes, just walking ""sticks"".The rides look quite a bit better than the previous incarnation of RCT, but still lack a bit of a real feel, and detail. It is almost like they took what made the rides tick in RCT3, and threw a new graphic on them. IN theme parks/amusement parks some rides in a park will be the same ole spin and go up and down, but other rides do not necessarily have a pattern to them. I may be splitting hairs here, but after so many years what did you bring us that was new and imaginative? Not much.Objects, paths and scenary are a pain in the butt to use. Paths are finicky on where they can connect to each other, and you will find sceneary won't attach in that one special spot you saved open just for that particular piece of scenary. Unless you are a master of the poorly implemented way to use the paths tool, or plop sceneary expect to be spending a lot of time deleting things, replacing paths, and starting over on parts of the park if you are a detail oriented person.I could go on for awhile, but I will just say this.The game lacks depth, and ties you up in regards to creativity, and customization. If you are happy with just throwing down rides, making money on peeps, and cleaning up garbage, then you may not think this is to bad of a game, but to be honest there are better games that are 12+ years older than this one that will give you that experience. I don't feel like I wasted my money as I still hope the devs put it into high gear and turn this franchise around, but it is really looking bleak at this point. They have a whole heck of a lot of work ahead and them if they want this franchise to survive. I have a feeling though they pretty much just killed it. The new champions of the theme park tycoon series I have a feeling isn't going to be Atari."
,Not Recommended,282560,22149791,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Luscious,"Edit: After recent searching, I have discovered Planet Coaster, it's made by Frontier (the guys who made RCT 3) and it is amazing, you should consider pre-ordering that game.Early Access. Wow. All this early access ""release"" told me was that they've given up on releasing this game. I would have waited two more years for a proper release. Now it will be an eternity. Don't buy this. The only way to justify this would be to drop the price to $10. Sad day for me."
76561198033974630,Not Recommended,282560,26678708,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,c350zee,"Good enough if your computer isn't powerful enough to run Planet Coaster, but disappointing overall. Could be a much better game if the developers had taken their time while keeping the requirements low like they are"
76561198275404953,Not Recommended,282560,24722887,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,maddi260699,"I wasn't even able to get past the main menu. The program crashed every time I tried to load a map, regardless of my graphics settings. I'm really disappointed. I paid $79 for this and I can't even play it. This needs fixing NOW!I have loved previous versions of Rollercoaster Tycoon and I was really excited about World, but this is ridiculous, in all honesty."
76561198048253534,Not Recommended,282560,22257169,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,oButterBot,"I loved these games.. but unfortunatly this game is TERRIBLE currently. The frame rate drops are ridiculous and it lags so bad once you get 2000+ guests in your park. It has a terrible game breaking bug that causes your mechanics and staff to get stuck at the exit of a ride when trying to repair it - or they get stuck trying to leave their building... so guess what! nothing can get fixed and your park becomes a horrible disaster that servers nothing but food and overpriced toilet use. You can pick them up, but then they teleport back to the spot they were stuck in. Also any roller coaster you have causes EVERY single person to puke when they get off... yes EVERY SINGLE ONE. So your guests are never happy when leaving a ride (after puking themselves) and walking through a mountain of every other persons vomit in the park. The cleaning staff cannot keep up unless you over-hire and cause yourself to go bankrupt from staff wages.WAIT UNTIL THE GAME IS NOT IN EARLY ACCESS TO PURCHASE!! unless you want to pay for a game with a new glitch or bug around every corner and you end up refunding it anyways from pure frustration."
76561197990175187,Not Recommended,282560,22775415,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,billbryan516,"Super glitchy.  This game is totally NOT worth the $60 they are charging.  I really don't see it as an ""upgrade"".  Honestly, RT3 was a better game.  Sure, the graphics are a LITTLE better but they're not next-gen.  They're pretty crappy actually and the first-person camera hasn't worked on many of the rides.  Also, the path construction is terrible.  Not only do you end up with a ton of crooked paths but no one will walk down them.  I know it's an early release but I seriously want my money back.  :("
76561198288478112,Not Recommended,282560,22178494,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,JoshiesGiant,it is a pile of crap the graphics a crap it is so laggy on windows 8 i bought the delux eddition whichj was 45 pound and i cant get a refund no one should ever by this game it shouldnt evan be a game
76561198070979628,Not Recommended,282560,22194854,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,FierceTom,"So I decided to ignore all the bad reviews, and buy into a franchise that I have grown up with (I think RCT 1 was the first ever game I bought on PC), and like everyone else, I am bitterly dissapointed.I got the bug where the game crashes at 57%, followed Seifer's guide, and fixed that. Brilliant, now I can play the game.Nope. All I can see is a pink screen. Followed another guide by Seifer, and this fixed the pink screen. Brilliant, now I can play the game. Nope. Every time I go to place a ride, I have to have it elevated by 8-9m before it will recognise a valid placement, meaning I can only create parks on stilts.I don't even care about the graphics or lag or how it doesn't offer as much as RCT3 or all the other complaints. I just want a game that works. I spent £30 to be met with constant crashes and errors. My play time is so low because the game just won't work."
76561198089581058,Not Recommended,282560,22261529,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TwilightDragon,"In it's current state, I simply cannot recommend this. Being an RCT vet, playing all the previous games, I was very happy to learn that they were releasing a reboot to this franchise that I hold dear. While I do still have some hope that this will be a great game at full release (assuming it doesn't get stuck in pre-release limbo), the game has too many problems right now, ranging from very bad staff AI to terrain sculpting bugs, lack of customization for rides and coasters, to very barebones instructions for what you have to do.The one somewhat redeemable feature is the coaster builder. After some headaches figuring out how to use it (again, the game does not explain very well how to do so), I was able to build a pretty sweet coaster looping around a lake with plenty of inversions, loops, and the like.If they can get the AI fixed and bring back all the customization for rides from the previous games, this could still be a good game. Then again, maybe that's why they added mod support.Anyway, it's at most a 4/10 right now. Save your money for now."
,Not Recommended,282560,24450189,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,york.adamray,"This game needs a complete overhaul... I can not even get it to load completely... game says ""Building your park"" please wait...   It never does anything else... I want my money back!!!!!!!!"
76561198104241855,Not Recommended,282560,24473099,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Skull5230,Terrible. I Made multiple parks and try to load them up later and loading screen freezes. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,282560,24678275,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,KeiwaM ラスマス,"As of now I do not recommend it.The performance is poor when you make a big park and there is a huge lack in available amusements which are NOT rollercoasters. Furthermore, building roads can be VERY difficult since it often wants to snap to another place that's somewhere else.If you don't mind these things then go ahead and buy it. But I do not like it as much as I like Rollercoaster Tycoon 3. And it's nowhere near worth the price of 45 euro."
76561198030920207,Not Recommended,282560,26639060,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Bobbo662,"Hmmm wanted to like the game - really did - but - as like the others I did get a black screen, but waited a couple minutes and then it took me into the game.I have to be honest here, I'm not too impress with the graphics.  After playing  Alpha/Beta on Planet Coaster I got spoiled - RCTW isn't nearly like PC - and RCTW kinda reminds me of a ""Facebook"" app game or a table/phone app type of game.  Sorry but it's the honest truth.  Check out Planet Coaster."
76561198085842324,Not Recommended,282560,24584698,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,michaelkelley5,nothing but problems wish i can get my money back
76561197977937646,Not Recommended,282560,26684466,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Return_Magnamack,Game wont open. I've been playing the early edition with no problems. Full release comes and I get nothing but a black screen when I open program.
76561198111617707,Not Recommended,282560,22968165,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,jslack1983,"Had this game from the release.  Nothing but Problems.  My system is well above the requirements.  everytime I reach a certain point, usually after buying a 2 block of land it keeps crashing about 5mins into game play.  Would love to get money back"
,Not Recommended,282560,18842016,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,emanuel.iordache,"So I played the game over the weekend pretty much none stop and I can say I was super excited about this game. The graphics are pretty awesome.I like some of the news things they have put into this game but it still is nothing like the original. Which to me this is a good and bad thing. It is great that we have so much more customization to this game. Circle paths, large, small, medium paths, lights, trash cans, benches, etc.I enjoy the fact that you can make a roller coaster now almost as you wish and it is not constrained as it was in the old Roller Coaster Tycoon. But with that being said, the magic of the old games is not completely present here.I want to build a roller-caster, test, add my scenery, my queue and be off. I don't want to spend almost 2 hours on building a coaster and than not be able to finish it because my train car is always hitting a bar that was placed in the wrong area by the game. I don't want to spend close to an hour and a half just to complete laying out my track. I want to put able to select the section of the track and place it how I like. There are alot of advantages to this new UI and I do recognize them but I am not a roller coaster designer. I am a average player that wants to build a roller coaster in the game as quickly and have it enjoyable. At the point, it is not that enjoyable to build a roller coaster because it is super frustrating.Here is an example on why it is so frustrating, If I am building my roller coaster and I am zoomed out to see what it looks like. If I click on a portion of the map where i would like for my track to be laid, that game from now where lays a very large piece of track randomly that the end of the new piece of track is laid down all the way to the edge of the park. WHAT?!!!!! That is not what I wanted. Now I have to zoom back in to make the track smaller, than angle the camera just right, and than either shift and any of the 4 number to adjust the track as I want. That is just ridiculous.If you are going to show a grid, as I like building on a grid, don't give me just a small piece of grid. Just display it on the whole map.For sure there is a learning curve for this game. But so far my initial review of this game is not all the stellar when building coaster. This is something that is NOT going to change for this is pretty much the hole core of the game.I am still at a maybe..... I wouldn't recommend this game but at the same time if you are a die hard fan as I am, I wouldn't turn you away either."
,Not Recommended,282560,22166337,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,j_0_nny,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWSo here is the thing, I love this series, all the way from RCT to RCT3 and the process that this game took to get here caused me to cancel my pre-order, buy Planet Coaster and play it on release date. However after the launch I got curious and re-purchased the game and here is what I think....NVIZZIO HAVE A LOT OF WORK TO DO!!!!Pro's:Well it feels like it tries to be RCTArea themes are goodand well in my opinion that's about it for pro'sCons:*UPDATED 16/9/2016*THE COASTER BUILDER IS A LOAD OF BULL - How did you screw this up??? Press 1 and scroll mouse wheel to raise and lower, press 2 and scroll mouse wheel to tilt, press 3 and scroll mouse wheel to pitch and pressing 4 and you guessed it scroll that mouse wheel and it does something else. This is the WORST coaster builder I have used, its just so clunky and time consuming compared to, dare I say it, Planet Coaster's which they hid in Beta due to they thought it wasn't great but let me tell you it is the quickest precise builder I have used. It systems don't fully work, I struggled to get two trains running on one track, it kept failing with no information on how to fix it, the coaster preview while building is clunky, you click to build and then the preview of the next piece dissapears, it only reappears once you click and then click to build again. It's just pretty much, in my opinion, the worst coaster builder I have ever used.THE RIDES - Okay I get it realism is in but they just don't feel real and oh no the signs, the terrible ride signs. Yes you can rename and it shows up on the sign but there is just no character to them. It feels robotic and no this wasn't a sci fi theme.THE GRAPHICS - Just no, this is not 2016 worthy level of graphics, I can see that maybe you were trying to capture the feel of RCT3, or it's just an ""optimization"" thing but seriously that's why the game was delayed and it STILL SUCKS.********************************NEW****************************************************THE LOAD TIME - Oh I could make a cup of tea and drop it onto my expensive PC by the time finally kicks itself into gear and you know the fun part?? Becaus of how great Unity is, if your graphics settings are incorrect or you want to tweak, you have to EXIT YOUR PARK, do the tweaks and then you guesssed it, WAIT FOR THE THING TO FREAKIN LOAD AGAIN!!!PATCH CONTENT - I'm getting increasingly worried now, it's been a few months out now in the world of play testing and I'm really not seeing improvements. Yes more rides and buildings have been added, do they look nice and attractive? No, graphic style has not had an update, it still looks like poop and zoom out and all your peeps become pixels that jutter to their destination.They released grid building and customisable buildings, but Planet Coaster had that from day one! Too late on that part, whether it was always part of the plan or added so that the game could keep the players it still has, whatever the reason it was too late and, in my opinion, badly done.Just general things don't seem to be improving, comparing it to Parkitecht and Planet Coaster whose updates have been consistent and fix bugs but add new exciting features and improve graphical quality all the time. They seem to be striving for the best while RCTW seems to be hanging on to the lifesaver surrounded by sharks.Below is my original closer and it still stands apart from my belief now that this game will never be at that high standard, in fact my belief is that the developers have given up. They are making this to an acceptable level where they can retain maybe a few people but enough so that Atari aren't on their backs and then dumped, never to be updated again for the trouble it has caused. Somewhere inside me, for the sake of the name of RCT, I hope I'm wrong.**********************************************************************************************This game could have been great, COULD HAVE BEEN, but competition in the market from Planet Coaster and even Parkitecht did not do this game well. I mean Planet Coaster literally beats it on every level, yes it has flaws but that's what development time is for, RCTW HAS HAD 3 F***ING YEARS TO GET THIS RIGHT AND 3 DEVELOPERS. Seriously get this game to the high standard it now has to live up to or congrats to Nvizzio for killing off one of the most beloved franchises of Theme Park building."
76561198206352269,Not Recommended,282560,22167896,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,connorsmith,it just crashed before i can even open the game. it actually opened once but everything was pink and lagging. why?
76561198067027019,Not Recommended,282560,22154729,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,jacobyeavello,"Barely runs in lowest settings. And when I say lowest, I'm not being pretentious here. I mean it CHUGS along when EVERY option is set at lowest settings. If my computer can play Dragon Age Inquisition, all the Mass Effects etc. This shouldn't be the case. I might forgive that fact that it is ultimately bland, but I can barely even play it."
76561198043034043,Not Recommended,282560,26446996,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,nin8302,its♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing more that a crapshoot.
76561198018041733,Not Recommended,282560,22154104,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BobTagab,"Edit: The RCTW developers have actually been very proactive in communicating with the community and fixing what needs to be fixed. Since this review was written, there have been several bug fixes and graphical improvements made to the game. While the game still has it's slew of bugs and some needed changes to gameplay (the path system still sucks but they're working on a redesign), it is better than when it first launched. While I still can't recommend this game in it's current state, I have no doubt that if Nvissio continues to act on the feedback of the players, this will actually turn into a worthy successor in the RCT franchise.Graphics: 6/10Better looking than its twelve year old predecessor, but still dated for 2016Gameplay: 4/10While the coaster builder is fun, bugs and minor annoyances detract from its overall enjoyment and poor optimization means even the most powerful computer might only scratch 15 fps.Series Innovation: 5/10While a lot was added to this entry (fully customizable coaster builder, restaurants, curved and larger size paths) a lot was also taken away. The amount of rides and coaster styles you can build is less than what it was in its predecessors, and you can’t build rides that go underground or roller coasters that don’t connect to the end (e.g shuttle loops).Overall: 5/10Rollercoaster Tycoon World (RCTW) has the potential to be a worthy addition to the famed Rollercoaster Tycoon (RCT) series, but in it's current state it's bogged down by bugs, missing features, and a stack of minor annoyances which shouldn't exist in a game after two years of development.I absolutely loved the first three RCT games and in 2014 when RCTW was first announced I was excited to see what the newest game could bring after ten years of new and improved gaming technology. Then the original developer was replaced, and the replacement developer was also replaced and the release date for RCTW kept getting pushed back from its initial “early 2015” date. Finally, at the end of Q1 in 2016, Nvissio and Atari released their Early Access Beta, a year after originally planned, and still not the final release. After playing RCTW for a couple of hours, I must say that I am somewhat disappointed in the progress that has been made after two years.While the graphics are improved from it’s predecessor, RCT3, the game does look dated for 2016 and what game engines and computers are capable of (at a 1GB download I was kind of expecting that). Polygon reduction when zooming out is very noticeable, and trees go from leafy to a three shaded blob without any middleground. Additionally, the park visitors just look kind of… weird. They have a tendency to run almost wildly flailing their arms which just looks funny and the look only marginally better than their now twelve year senior counterparts. Rides on the other hand do look much better than back in 2004, but look more like they would be in a game released four or five years ago, not now.The game is hampered by a number of bugs, with many people reporting that the game won’t load past 57% ( I have not had this issue myself). Additionally, there are issues with the game freezing and crashing at random times during gameplay, and on the “Frolicking Forest” map, the terrain editor only removes the polygons of the terrain and you still can’t place paths or rides unless they are above the previous terrain height.Gameplay wise, it’s actually kind of fun but there are a lot of annoyances that really cut away at it after only a few minutes. The coaster builder is pretty fun, but it’s also pretty hard to just get a straight line out of it. It would also benefit from having a stand alone coaster builder built into the game instead of only having the option to load a map and build it during a game. Additionally, for a “beta” there is a wide variety of shops and stalls, but it is very limited ride wise, with only a handful of roller coaster styles and a few different “flat rides” with varying scenery to choose from which seems interesting considering it’s a game built around building rides at its core. Additionally, the roller coasters have to connect, no more building shuttle loops for an easy payday. The main annoyance that’s been plaguing me is that there is no area demolish. Every bush, shrub, and tree that is there when the map loads needs to be individually clicked on to destroy, with is rather tedious. I do like that there are now larger paths that can be built, but there are times when the game won’t let me make a straight path, especially when making a short path that connects to another path. Another annoyance is that you have to build shops and stalls offset from the main path, and have to build a path to connect it to the main path which adds in an extra step and is also tedious, especially when your path doesn’t want to just go straight.Playing RCTW, you can see hints of the potential that this entry has, and with some polish and more development work, I do think that this can be a good game. However, with the way Atari has been treating this game over the past two years, I don’t really believe any major amount of progress will be made, and the game will forever be one of those “What could have been” examples."
76561198024727741,Not Recommended,282560,22198726,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,simmanights,"I have always loved this franchise but one simple thing such as having to use your keyboard and mouse to get around the game is just ridiculous in my eyes. The fact they have charged £29.99 for a game that really is hardly complete and actually has no real structure or purpose is really really disappointing. I have loaded it this morning, played it for around an hour and would just love my money back as it has been a total waste."
,Not Recommended,282560,22157134,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,LongFatSausage,"Don't bother getting this game if you still have RCT3, it's the same thing with less options. Graphics haven't changed a bit and looks like they remade RCT3 and just gave it a new name. Very dissapointed, requested refund and will give Coaster Planet a try, seems much better and up to par for this day in age!"
76561198030705343,Not Recommended,282560,22162957,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,vthegame69,"well i havent seen any atms,  hard to make nice pathways... needs lots of fixxes still.... i miss how in rt3 u could customize every ride, make it more extream or less... please tell me your working on that... and movement controls are not as easy either...oh yea auto graphics detect does not work....fix these then i recommed..."
,Not Recommended,282560,22165431,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TheUKmoody,Just a very broken game... You cannot connect the paths together. I am extremely disaapointed.
76561198041954286,Not Recommended,282560,22164081,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,slaptheegg,"This is hugely dissapointing.Finally another edition to the iconic loved series comes along and this is bearing in mind i played the beta weekends and felt disappointed then, it hasn't got any better.GAMEPLAY -Load times are somewhat slow, i run on a i7-4790k, GTX 970, 16GB RAM and just loading a blank sandbox park takes me 42 seconds, yeah not the end of the world but loading a blank park.. Lots of framerate drops too for seemingly no reason. I see no difference in the gameplay mechanics, the grid facility is pointless as it doesn't match up with anything, they say they completely overhauled the coaster builder since the beta. Well again i see no difference in the coaster builder now compared to the beta, it's really not good, it's incredibly difficuilt to get any smooth turns/curves/corners. Alot of placements of objects, scenery, paths etc. aren't 'allowed' when there is nothing blocking them from being placed. It's just frustrating, it's all these features that are the most fundamental part of the game and they still just don't work. Everything is just very tedious and frustrating to do, it should be easy! But instead, i feel it's very very poor.GRAPHICS -I wouldn't even go as far to say that they are OK, i understand graphics aren't everything, however after Roller Coaster Tycoon 3's release date of October 26th 2004 the graphics feel like more of a remaster apposed to up to date graphics. It just feels lazy, and it simply doesn't look refreshing or exciting. Nothing new or high tech going on here. Framerate drops all over the place even on low settings, changing graphical settings hasn't seemed to help in any scenario.CONTENT -Unfair to say considering it is now in early access and more content will be released, but don't expect a lot to begin with. There is barely a campaign. There are specific 'scenarios' such as 'Turn a failed park around' which are ok but not exactly a lot of thought put in here either. A sandbox mode which is great to have still so thats a positive!!FEATURES -Really the only noteable new good feature, is the curved paths and having the ability to not be restricted by a grid (however as previously said, neither work as you'd expect) other than that, there isn't a lot of difference. The social hub is a good idea to be able to share creations but i haven't seen it working yet so i can't comment.OVERALL -Bringing the franchise back again sounds like a fantastic idea, and what the developers are telling us and raising our hopes for just hasn't happened. Everything feels lazy and sloppy, just as if there is no passion put in anymore. It's such a disappointment, if you are a Roller Coaster Tycoon fan i can't imagine you are going to feel anything but disappointment which i hate to say. Once again, it's early access so there are features yet to come so this is as of now, but considering it has been delayed and now shoved in early access. Things don't look good."
76561198005650689,Not Recommended,282560,22154908,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Fastascuda,"I'm a big fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon, But I'm having a hard time enjoying it. building Rollercoaster is a bit buggy and feel clunky, you have to work to get a smooth piece of track and the angle system makes it hard to make straight track for lift hills and break stations.Hopeful we just have to wait for a few update."
,Not Recommended,282560,30638515,Posted: 20 March,all,jambambam,Don't buy this game. But Planet Coaster instead.
,Not Recommended,282560,22206674,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Caemen,"I really wanted to like this game. I've been waiting all of my childhood for this game. The two things that ruins it for me is that to make a rollercoaster, the primary element of this game, you need to spend hours tweaking and fixing the coaster because for some reason, coasters enjoy crashing themselves. After 2 hours, I gave up. The second thing is that this game is poorly optimized, and even on low settings, I get around 30 FPS on my decent computer.tl;dr It kills me to say this, but don't play this game, even if it is tempting."
76561198016096204,Not Recommended,282560,22172662,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Weasel,"Look.. I've never reviewed a game, and almost certainly will never review a game again, but this game is awful. My suggestion is to wait and see if they are able to work out the many bugs and performance issues, but I will be looking elsewhere. It is nearly unplayable and has shattered my memories of past roller coaster tycoon games."
76561198155859491,Not Recommended,282560,28676167,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Illuminati confirmed,ln the game i cant seem to last more than 5 minutes without it crashing on me not only that but i cant seem to enjoy the scenarios which dont even last for long.
,Not Recommended,282560,26636722,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,eNBee | lol XD,"This game is so sub par to Planet Coaster. The graphics are bad, the gameplay is horrible, and it's so laggy. I cannot tell you how ripped off I feel for buying this game. Just do not buy it. Get Planet Coaster instead."
76561198294316640,Not Recommended,282560,22198192,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,iJTN,"This game is just a mess. Took 3 days before most of us were even able to load the game without crashing, then when you finally load the game, it just showed a pink screen. They delayed the game so amny times and they still can't even fix that? And lastly, once I FINALY got into the game, 3 days after release, the frame rate is disgusting. Literally 3 frames a second. Don't waste your money, but planet coaster instead."
76561198294932701,Not Recommended,282560,22163351,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,moshemariners,"I never thought that a game that came out so long after the previous could be this much worse. The paths are so wonky and dont really make sence ( they should let you adjust the angle of the curve better and choose the size). The snapping is horrible. It's so laggy. The coaster builder makes no logical sense with the shift and scroll and it's so hard to make the coaster like you want. There isnt enough scenery things. the fences are so difficult to build. the grid doesnt work so well (should be able to make it much bigger). There isnt enough coasters or rides. Last of all you can't build your own buildings anymore. Worst game I'd rate it a 3/10. They should have just replicated rct3 and boosted the graphics or something and made curved paths because this is pathetic. I hope they fix everything and add features because i'm buying planet coaster otherwiswe. Are we still able to get refunded and if so, how."
76561198242768976,Not Recommended,282560,22266674,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Roblems,"I tried to load the game several times, Restating my laptop and steam. It loaded the game alright, but when I go to click and load any of the gameplay such as sandbox mode or campaign, It loads to 57% each time and then just crashes. I have a very good computer with windows 7 on it. I have no idea why it's not working and cannot find solusions anywhere. May get a refund."
76561198047019880,Not Recommended,282560,25136633,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Frognutz,"Until this game is fixed from all its bugs I wouldn't spend the money. I bought this months before it was released. Excited when I could finally play it then all hopes dashed within the 1st 5 hours. I spent $60 or so for the upgraded version of the game and well f*ck. So many bugs, I have 6 mechanics running around in assinged areas (3/per area) and only 8 rides they don't fix them, my peps are always unhappy cause of food and such yet I have more food stalls than rides, notifications that park is always dark ( I have more lamp post in the area than a city street does)Just don't waste your $$ they kept pushing the game back and when they finally did release you'd have more fun watching paint dry, I waited for more updates and they just cause more glitch's. Buy RCT3 before this"
,Not Recommended,282560,28986837,Posted: 3 January,all,monkey,"Beyond terrible.  Just get planet coaster, or you'll be dissapointed."
76561198134574845,Not Recommended,282560,22202858,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jordanjtt97,"This game sucks. Literally sucks.  I hated ever inch of this game,  at first i was like oh its RCT, must be good, right? Wrong.  It was awful, waste of time game."
,Not Recommended,282560,22202427,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Growler_20,"Atari, Atari, Atari. What have you done to the RollerCoaster Tycoon name... How many years, and how many developers, and you come up with this? Even with your focus groups for a year you couldn't fix these bugs? Freeform path building is broken, ride animations are terribly bugged, the coaster builder is actually not very easy to use, food buildings are literally the same design as each other with a different food item on top, peeps are weird and sometimes don't show up, the prebuilt coasters are boring and look like they were designed by a child intern, and above all, the game is poorly optimized. Even on a high powered PC, the graphics are just mediocre. What I do like is the selection of facades, foliage, etc. and the financial statistics, but that does not justify a $50 purchase from anyone at this point. I thought that waiting this long meant that the game would be ready, but I was so wrong. Maybe I will purchase it again one day, but I am requesting a refund. 2.5/10"
,Not Recommended,282560,22183945,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Right Hearted,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥
76561198176232265,Not Recommended,282560,22149960,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,GlennIsDead,As a huge roller coaster tycoon fan. I am very displeased to say that atari has failed and the franchise is over. I would very much appretiate if atari could refund me so I can go and buy planet coaster. RIP roller coaster tycoon.
76561197984389901,Not Recommended,282560,22183963,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,jon_8ball,THIS GAME DOESNT FEEL LIKE ROLLERCOASTER TYCOON AT ALL...It reminds me of when SimCity came out. (the new one) And everything was way to big for the map. Good luck fitting 3 coasters on the same map. No underground coaster can be made. The seperate lines in the rollercoaster line right before you get in. They should have people waiting there already to make it a faster process. Auto deleting trees and terrian would be nice.   I dont like the fact that you cant place food stalls without adding another path to them. I dont like how theres no stairs for steeper path declines. I would much rather just have the old block system with paths. Because when you start curving paths and such it turns into were Tropico and Simcity were so oldly setup. I like the idea of setting up curved paths but it never turns out right. Theres no room on the map for Maintence sheds and cleaning rooms. Get rid of them bring back the old style.I like picking up cleaning guys. And setting them where i want them. And so much more disapointment waiting for you.  I was really looking forward to this game. But now I have a huge sad face. It would of been better if they just added new rides to Rollercoaster tycoon 3 with wider paths.
76561198020358282,Not Recommended,282560,22184845,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Loved From Above,Maybe in 5 years time when they take  this game out of mobile mode
,Not Recommended,282560,22190495,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Fancy Porcupine,I can't even get pass the loading screen. Well just wasted $60 for game crash simulator
,Not Recommended,282560,22189358,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Breakie,No.....
76561198168302353,Not Recommended,282560,23532180,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,nathanmarble0,"I wish this game turned out better than it has but the coaster creator feels...constricting and the amount of freedom in the game is much more limited than in previous installments. I took a big chance on this game since I have been waiting for a good theme park creating game to come along and take the podium previously discarded by RCT 2 but this one failed. They seem to have looked at the coaster creator and said, ""hmh, it seems good enough"". Whats even more insulting is that they cannot seem to create decent coasters on their own even though they have had plenty of time to play around with the creator. For instance I pulled up one of the parks that was already made and one of the coasters that was pre-built couldn't even complete the circuit. One of my favorite parts was the pre-made coasters with Liberty Loop from RCT 2 being my favorite premade. Feeling dissapointed but going to just get this over with by returning the game and waiting for planet coaster."
76561198316906346,Not Recommended,282560,24252043,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,nicole,it wont make it past 52 percent
76561198144465271,Not Recommended,282560,25829507,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,the_sketch3,"This game has potential but is basically unplayable at this juncture. Once you have 2 squares of the park filled, it lags a ton and sometimes the game crashes; only then you loose all your progress. I Have the GTX 950 graphics card which is definitely good enough to handle these sorts of games, 8 gigs of ram and a 64 bit processor; wtf Atari. This game my god, I cant believe its in beta; it should definitely still be in alpha. Don't waste your money on this game just yet, it is a mess and like I said “unplayable.” FIX THIS GAME ATARI, U STILL GOT A SHOT!!!!! Hopefully they pull their act together and fix everything. Character ai, character skins/ movements, path systems, ability to run on most pcs, etc. Atari you need some major help. This game has been out for a while now i've seen little to no progress, don't worry so much on the graphics, JUST FIX THE GAME."
76561197971786683,Not Recommended,282560,25811736,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,divxking,"So I made the mistake of buying this game, after seeing al the reviews and troubles with the performance.  I still went ahead with the purchase.The game crashed my PC after 5 minutes of game play.Very upset, Please fix this problem."
76561198256551783,Not Recommended,282560,22223961,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Henlo~,Tips and tricks: DON'T BUY THIS GAME
76561198030718295,Not Recommended,282560,22163951,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,dogcat.avl,"Hey there, stranger. You're probably going through all the negative comments and thinking 'Meh, people these days... the game can't be that bad. It's one of the best series I've ever played! They're just a bunch of haters!"".Welp, it can be that bad and it is. It's god awful in almost every aspect: narrow selection of attractions, weird terraforming, weird attraction and prop placing, weird peeps, TONS of bugs, etc, etc. You thought the roller coaster designer was cool? Well, only if you like testing the coaster after adding every damn segment and if you like having the carts derail for absolutely no reason. New path laying seemed promising? Nope, if you go too crazy about it the game sometimes won't even let you connect your new path to the existing ones. Oh, did I mention peeps bugging the hell out when they travel an elevated path?The game makes you wonder how bad the beta was and just what the hell the devs did for almost a year. It's like a giant middle finger directed at their customers.Seriously, I can go on for ages. Just don't buy it, don't encorage the devs.P.S.Childhood destroyed, thanks Atari."
76561198082701321,Not Recommended,282560,24265014,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Brooksrail101,RCTW has got to inprove as just the easy thinngs like placing objects dont work the coaster biulder is okay but needs improvements if you are someone who likes detail at the moment this is not the game for you as yet if i was t rate this game from 1-10 10 being great i would rate it as a 4 as its okay but need alot of work also ther is a lot of bugs and i dont like being timed in carear mode and there just isnt anoth rides as yet I wont a refund but being they wont give it to me so dont buy this game if you have the game and also want a refund then good luck
76561197970773711,Recommended,282560,18794822,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SaOk,"Cant understand the negative players so had to review the very limited beta. I think the spline based rollercoaster construction system is superb, just bit challenging which makes it fun. You can use grid to make straight pieces. Seems like the players are the one how are lacking. ;)"
76561198090930974,Not Recommended,282560,22161201,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,spookingtons,"This is in reference to the Early Access build released March 30.The good news first: The core engine is fairly solid, and is more than adequate to build a robust park-creation sim upon.The bad news is that they haven't done that yet. There's very little of the Early Access build that can be considered robust. The press release for the EA build boasts 4 different themes, and tons of scenery; the '4 different themes' bit is technically correct, but only because they didn't include the word 'complete.'  The 'tons of scenery' boast is an outright fib, unless they were estimating the raw, real-world tonnage of the simulated rock formations and generic foliage that comprise the mass of your 'theming' options.Actual theming options -- statuary, themed plants, facades, animatronics, landscape textures, etc. -- are extremely slim. As a strange contrast, there actually IS a fairly robust selection of fences and path textures, quite possibly more than were available in RCT3, so if you were hinging your plans for a dream park on pavement options, brother, this could be your train.A building sim lives and dies by its building options, and RCTW just doesn't have them, yet. It's hard to imagine what Atari was hoping to accomplish with this EA build; while this move ostensibly beats Frontier's ""Planet Coaster"" to the Steam marketplace, the lack of options can only result in unflattering comparisons and bad press.I remain optimistic that the missing theming options are forthcoming (particularly if they have any hope of properly implementing dark rides, as they've announced), but as it stands right now, they have a long, long road ahead if they desire to catch up to RCT3, and much longer still if they hope to surpass it.For now, there's not enough here to justify a purchase. Will update review if this changes."
76561198200864475,Not Recommended,282560,22247948,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,francesco.fico92,"I love RCT, but this game it's very horrible. It's like a new bad version of RCT3.It's easier build a coster and you can modify the tack as you want, but those are the minimal goals that we expected.IF you want a good tycoon to play, buy RCT3.I am very disappointed."
76561198093091284,Not Recommended,282560,23835873,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Robin,Remaster RCT2 and we'll be happy
76561197979326078,Not Recommended,282560,22256077,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,"<font face=""impact"">WMEGT","Terrible graphic distortion , not worthy to buy at all"
,Not Recommended,282560,24566163,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,VistaOffical,Keeps crashing WANT MONEY BACK
76561198274290790,Not Recommended,282560,24068936,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bart.claes,"Game sucks bigtime !!! what a waste of money (and time) its the same as the previous version but worse. Coaster builder is non intuitive, paths even worse and after about an hour of looking through the game I was utterly bored !I do not recommend this piece of CR@P to anyone"
,Not Recommended,282560,24222686,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kairyu,I regret to purchase it
,Not Recommended,282560,23442062,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Hordelover,"Laggy, slow loading and freezing even after the newest patch today. I bought this game for a lot over a year ago and still this is an alpha, not Beta. Save your money and go get the better Theme Park game: Planet Coaster!"
76561197992537184,Not Recommended,282560,22261685,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,wernervriel,"it whas to soon for early access, that is because the core of the game is not even finished, there are so many bugs in it. that it is more beta than early access. it has potention to be better. but what i have seen in december whit there ""beta"" than thay don't know what is good or not.stupid to say early access of planet coaster is in every place beter."
,Not Recommended,282560,25390635,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,drummerbran,"I did not pay for this game to be in constant development mode. They keep pushing out updates but it seems like they keep adding gimmick features rather than good bug fixes. This game is not what I though it would be after several months. I have waited for it to get better and I have lost all trust in the developer and Atari. They need to realize that producing half done games and titling them as ""Early Access"" is absolute nonsense. These quick push games are just cash grabs. The only company that has proven itself is Frontier with Planet Coaster (which is the only game I have played since it came to Steam).  I simply do not play this game anymore."
76561198031214365,Not Recommended,282560,22606650,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,matthew_engelhardt_1989,"I'm disappointed to say that I hate this game despite the fact that I had been looking forward to this gameThe frustrating controls, the evidently lack of A.I. in the track and path building functions, the absence of creativity in the services buildings, shops and flat rides, the glitchy unimaginative patrons and only a tiny range of coaster-types top choose from has totally put me off this game so much so that I will be deleting it.I may review this decision in 12 months time but of course Planet Coaster should be released then so I might not even need to bother with this game.Oh and what sort of Wooden Roller Coaster doesn't have guard rails running along each side of the track...I mean, come on guys...And where's the corkscrew coaster!?"
,Not Recommended,282560,22159739,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,gh0strider,Backwards step for RCT. Will be seeking a refund for this pile of garbage...
76561197976836573,Not Recommended,282560,25109264,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Arachnax / Gloien,"Full of bugs, not optimized at all. Planet Coaster is 2354636 times better!!"
76561197967603138,Not Recommended,282560,22590776,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,BluRabbit,"This Game does not live up to its promise. They pushed it back and back since they cannot meet the deadlines apparently. Then they have applied the smart marketing trick of making it early access: meaning no money left but they desperately need it. Which would be ok I guess BUT:There is the tiny problem of an important feature missing: stacking scenery to build buildings etc. Their response: I could go into a 3D software and create my own models of scenery but in game I cannot because it would be too complicated. So a major NO! Rides cannot be customised at all (except for colors and a couple of trees) and thus it feels like a smartphone game rather than a real RollerCoaster Tycoon (even when just considering the graphics). Maybe they will activate that feature in an in app purchase way or add high resolution textures as a DLC. But they stated that they will add rides and scenery and tweek the physics, but that the basics of the mechanics are pretty much done.If you are ok with all of these limitations, I can recommend you the game because it does exactly what you expect. If you don't, then keep far, far away from this game!Finally, on a personal side, due to this ""clever"" marketing trick and these false promises, I am no longer elegible for a refund of the game: I preordered 2 months before the official release date, the game came out 4 months after the official release date as an early access and I requested a refund with 5 minutes of ingame play - steam says sorry, you have purchased it more than 6 months ago - WHAT? So another thumbs down but this time for steam. I will still try to get a refund though!"
76561198015581145,Not Recommended,282560,23671772,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/atnas666,Poor Game bad development.   Had hopes for this.Ur 100% better off with planet coaster
,Not Recommended,282560,23419337,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lolfy Boy,"as a long term rct fan this game is by far A JOKE!!!  yeah sure early access but update after update fixed NOTHING the tracks go under the ground when i wanna do a hammer head turn, when i finish the coaster its ultra extreme no matter what the coaster is. then coaster editor is way too complicated to use (i got somewhat used to it but still) it should be like rct 2 style when building.  i know theyre trying to innovate but there should be a style option for building in the editor. so all in all the game is WAY TOO BUGGY!!!! hell it shouldnt even been released in early access.  This early access is a joke and im personally ashamed of it being a rct game forgive me and all but this game is not worth my time! avoid this game like the plague!  RCT 2 and 3 are by far superior than this garbage!!!"
76561198119279358,Not Recommended,282560,22149695,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,dayshell,"I know this is an early release version of the game - but honestly, it is even light years behind the previous instalment in the series, RCT3, in terms of graphics and game physics. In terms of usability, it is far too complex in places that could be a lot more simple, too, and for a game that I've wanted since I was about fifteen, this has really let me down. If this was £10, then I would say it was worth the expenditure. But this much money? I definitely would not recommend it. I have honestly never felt this let down by a video game in the past, and I can see a lot of people jumping to this game's direct rival - coaster planet - Upon its release. This is the kind of quality that I would expect from a tablet game. I'll check back in the future and see if RCT can revive my faith in the series, but as of now, it's looking extremely unlikely. Farewell, RCT, and farewell my hard earned £30. You will be missed!"
76561197966579368,Not Recommended,282560,22148769,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dominian,"Worst RCT ever and completely unworthy of the name. They should have given the new RCT to Frontier. Now over at Frontier they have made a better and cheaper game than RCT World, which is a complete failure in every aspect from the terrible music, cheap aestethics, uncreative building possibilities and terrible performance/bugs.The game is still in Early Access, but Planet Coaster is infinitely better at everything in its alpha, so my hopes lie elsewhere.I also have to notice that the game destroyed my OBS profile and then refused to load after reinstalling three times. Apparently their plan is to make me sit in front of a loading screen at 0% until I reach the mark of 2hrs playtime after which I can't get my refund."
76561198224457252,Not Recommended,282560,33534372,Posted: 14 July,all,-[Amazballs]-,I PAID FKIN 60 EUROS FOR IT I DIND KNOW IT IS FKIN 15 EUROS NOW!!!!THIS GAME IS TOTAL♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT BUGS COASTERS RASH OUTA NOWHERE AND TEXTURES ARE AWFUL!PLS GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK OR AT LEAST 45 EUROS I MEAN CMON! I PLAYED THE GAME FOR LIKE 2 HOURS AND QUITTED
76561198011904914,Not Recommended,282560,33452953,Posted: 11 July,all,moshei,"Rollercoaster World is not what its advertised at all. The only thing that went as expected was the coasters, and nothing else in paticular. There is still plenty of bugs, and it feals just half done. If you want a coaster management game, go for planet coaster. Its more assesable, more reliable, more fun to play, more humor more evrything"
,Not Recommended,282560,28801335,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Matt5192,"Bought this game in early release, used to really love it, Sandbox mode where you could just build your park choosing to enable or disable unlimited funds was great. I hate campaign on these games just let me build and make money. Just tried playing today and sandbox is ""hidden"" you have too enable the campaign and let that load first then return to menu to get sandbox, oh yeah but you either have NOTHING unlocked other than the odd two or three things for a rubbish park or you have unlimited funds but no reward. Yeah HUGE disapointment, you should be ashamed game developers you really f'd up."
,Not Recommended,282560,22171230,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CocoCucho,"Let's see, absolutely terrible load times and graphics could use some work.  I have them maxed out too.  Still early access and it is just as addicting as the previous ones if not more.  Will patiently wait to see what they do with this edition.Update, had  park and over $50k.  The game doesn't even load my park now."
,Not Recommended,282560,22385485,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,OPPAI SENPAI!,"This is not yet ready, there are several bugs that need to be adressed.- Peep animations. - They're god awful and very jarring to look at!!a- Lag - I should not have any lag on a game like this with a 6700k, 64gb of ram, 2 GTX Titan-Xs!- Stuttering - It's very bad...Customization is just zero, everything seems to be a copy paste job with little effort put into it.This sucks, loved playing RCT back in the day but it's hard to say the RCT as a franchise is over...I'm sure RCTW will pick up the slack ""eventually"" and be a good game but as it is and how LONG it's actually been in development but not counting on how many times the game has gone to new code and old code wiped out... I mean... just look at the videos it looks amazing, but the actual game is the real definition of♥♥♥♥♥♥!!Give this game six months and follow the boards before buying, this game is not even in alpha yet!I will update this review in a few months to see if anything as been changed."
76561198075932862,Not Recommended,282560,22200326,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,spare_3,"Got banned for making critical comments about the 2 years they had my money and didn't deliver the game.  I had pre-purchased the game 2 years ago and the developer kept giving false release dates...and then finally released it as a ""early access"" a day or two ago.  They banned me because I was critical of their false advertising and false reporting of release date.  And just before they banned me...they kept deleting all my posts that were about game ideas and comments about game progression.  SO...whatever discussions you are reading....have mostly all been santized already. They are not letting any critical posts or anything that might even be a suggestion to help the game get better.  All they want to do is let the discussions appear as if the game is completely fine.  All suggestion discussions are being deleted to give a false impression of game.    As a side note, to move around the map you need to use your keyboard.  It's not like RCT3 or any other game like this....when you move the mouse to the side of the screen, you should be able to move around the map w/o using a keyboard.  Very frustrating.  When they unban me...i MIGHT change my negative review."
,Not Recommended,282560,22157676,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,STORDYR GAMING,"So. I was really disappointed by this game and got myself a refund. I normally don't do that but the overall approach, not to communicate in any way with the users here before the release should've warned me but I wanted it to be good.But I played for some hours yesterday.There are some fun points and good approaches but the overall content was really disappointing.Aside from coaster construction the gameplay is behind RCT3.The staff management is horrible and I don't really understand why I have a grid, when I can't really use it.The tutorial was ok but still.... The ride artwork is ok but the rides in the beginning are just WAY TOO BIG...and the performance overall for this .. meh.I got >100 games on steam and this is my first refund ever... That basically says it.And I do not let the ""Early Access"" thing count. This game has been delayed and delayed ... There was plenty of time.If that's just to justify minor bugs ok....But this is pre alpha at best...."
,Not Recommended,282560,22172026,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Yee,"I can play it in the day it was bought, the day after it won't start"
,Not Recommended,282560,22165088,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Vycter,I wanted to like it but just go play planet coaster
76561198254714151,Not Recommended,282560,22201301,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,dianaf126,"I've been playing RCT since it first came out and I really love the game, however, RCT World is not what I thought it would be.  It is very diffult to move around on the screen, building paths is nearly impossible, and just trying to place a ride on the ground is tough.    Since I already purchased it, I will play it occasionally, but I think I'll just keep playing the other RCT games instead."
,Not Recommended,282560,22155204,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,shawnbaisden,"lets see here where do i begin.oh yea half the content as rct 3.NO transport rides,NO custom buildings,i cant even tell you how many less rides.It really is unbelievible.i only played for a couple of hours and thats all i needed being a owner of rct3 platinum.the land footprint in sandbox mode is tiny compared to rct3.It really is diapointing how devopers are really just putting out subpar programs nowadays.I think one reason is trying to widen customer base that can play without a so called super computer.Which for people with high end systems only leaves us frustrated.Not being a computer tech even though i built my own PC tri screen 2-980Ti,i7 kind of stuff when you have better graphics in order to accomidate others you have to lesson the content.Oh and the one thing i truly hate is that i have to use the arrow keys to move forward and backward plus side to side no more moving the curser to the edge of the screen total bummer."
76561198122976667,Not Recommended,282560,26665162,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,mfw1977,"As a huge fan of the RCT games, RCT World was disappointing. It doesn't feel like a game worthy of the series. It's kind of bland, dull, non-compelling. Playing in early access, I kept hoping they'd polish it up and make it fun to play. And that never happened. It's just not...fun."
,Not Recommended,282560,23507307,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,FatalVitality,"RollerCoaster Tycoon World has several problems in its current state:- The Grid and Snap on function doesn't always seem to work as intended. Making two roads parallel to eachother is far more difficult than it should be.- Making rollercoasters the way you want is nearly impossible. I can't even make a simple loop.- Coasters can't be tested while the time is paused.- The building/editing tool for both roads and coasters takes time to get used to.- To edit terrain doesn't work correctly, and can make permanent holes in the ground.- Peeps (AI people) seems to have problems with pathfinding at times.- The few tutorials they do have are useless.Despite these problems I did have some fun with the game, however the older games have so far been better.I hope they fix the problems as well as improve the controles for building/editing tools.At its current state I cannot recommend the game."
76561198050161386,Not Recommended,282560,22166444,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,dslovsted2010,Currently in its state it is fun but there are a lot of issues. the coaster builder can be quite  apain to use for starters. when you put pieces you need to use a bunch of different keys just to do anything. when you build a coaster the ratings are rediculous after building something that went 30 mph and had 2 small hills it had a rating of extreme seriously wtf?hopefully they update and fix some stuff fast cause atm it is not that great.
76561198263132179,Not Recommended,282560,32843669,Posted: 26 June,all,RoxieFox,"Game would be fun if it would FN load.You figured for it being usually $15-$20 that it wouldnt have so many problems as to even load it up to play.Im disapointed to say that it was very laggy then goes normal for 3 hours of play time and when i tried to play it the next day, I'm staring at a white webpage screen for more than a half hour. I gave up trying to play it. If it does this tomorrow i will probably ask if its possible for a refund"
,Not Recommended,282560,26395804,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,The Big Guy,"Everyone's open to their own opinion but this is mine...THIS IS EARLY ACCESS, BUT MY FRUSTRATION IS ALSO EARLY ACCESS!!i apologise in advance to any diehard fans or anyone that's affected by what i write but this is simply as how i see it..Do I Recommend This Game?Depends... I'd only recommend this game once it has exitedEARLY ACCESS, in the meantime save your money for other games or you could have a 1st hand test of the game and then quickly refund it if you're not confident or just youtube the game to see what's going on...A little research to the things you want in life doesn't hurt a bit..Been a fan of RCT for ages, yet this is by far the most dissapointing money wasting game i've paid for!!Having played for that amount of hours is more than enough for me to regret buying this, (played the game for 30min - 1 hr on alternate months only to see new things added but the old things ignored, eg; glitches, bugs, lags, crash, stupid A.I that doesn't even conform to what their supposed to do...I've reported, requested and questioned as to why certain things are the way it is and yes, if i do know how to do what they do, i'd help them, sadly, im a buyer and a gamer as almost everyone else who bought this game lookin to have a little enjoyment and a COMPLETE GAME and not expect a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job but like i said earlier it's still in EARLY ACCESS!!Thinking it'd be fun like the previous RCTs, i gave it a blind chance by buying it before it's supposed launch of DEC 2015 but it got delayed, so MAR 31 2016 was when i managed to play glitchy buggy laggy game..  a month shy of a year from it's supposed launch, it still has many glitches and bugs and some other faecessss, and to this day it still looks the same... gave it a few chances and possibly waiting for it to end the EARLY ACCESS ERA!! and Yeaaahhh, I am about to F*CKING give up on this game and look on to PLANET COASTER as it looks promising, Keeping an eye on that while this shall be my lightest data paper weight ever in the meantime......My paper still flew.... Damn It!!"
76561197990734269,Not Recommended,282560,22153170,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CarL SoNE,"Really terrible. I'm very saddened to see the state of the franchise in this state. Just the game optimization alone is very bad. I spent most the of time just trying to adjust settings in the game just to see if the gameplay was any better. I spent about two hours going through the game and tutorials to see the full aspect of what this latest title has to offer.In the end, improvement is a MUST. MUST. MUST. MUST."
76561198049563332,Not Recommended,282560,22153816,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,trumbla11,The pathing system in this game alone killed it for me.
76561198296452401,Not Recommended,282560,22169924,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,thompsonb25,This game is a huge let-down.  It is completely unplayable.
,Not Recommended,282560,22152537,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Chow,"AGHGHGH! I feel ashamed of myself for wating about almost a year for this.... Lol, I understand its early access but good lord RCT3 had more work into it. I BOUGHT THE DELUXE EDITION BACK IN THE FALL FOR THIS!!! I'll try to play it some more to see if i learn to like it though."
,Not Recommended,282560,22153259,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Wildtreecko297,"While I still have hopes for the game as I've been a huge fan of the series since the first game and I realize this is currently in early access, a lot of the features from the old games are missing and that makes this game feel a little lacking..It does however bring forth some interesting and welcome differences with curved paths and the spline-based coaster builder. For now though, there isn't enough to the game and it's a little difficult to find everything so I can't recommend the game, especially not to long-term fans of the series as it will most likely depress them..I don't see much new from the first beta 4 months ago and we never did get the second beta we were promised as far as I'm aware and I'm not too happy about the game being released as early access but I will continue to play through the game's updates and possibly edit my review down the road.Here's hoping the game will be what everyone was wishing for from the first mention of the game."
76561198067414316,Not Recommended,282560,26636961,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,JJ,"The game is very buggy, laggy and does not run on the specs specified. The graphics are poor for this year we are in. Very gutted about the game as I was really looking forward to it. RCT 3 was much better."
76561198041213122,Not Recommended,282560,33096050,Posted: 1 July,all,joshbgosh10592,"Chris Sawyer should sue Atari for them releasing such a horrible game and soiling what was an amazing franchise.The game bugs out more often then it's playable, and Atari promised so many things, and just let everyone down. There's a reason this game is so cheap, and it's because Atari is willing to take anything they can to reclaim their loses.I gave this game so many chances to be decent (84 hours of playtime), but it was a horrible let down.I wouldn't recommend this game to my worse enemy."
,Not Recommended,282560,33175432,Posted: 3 July,all,Volendams Viswijf,"Bought it on sale for €5, not worth it. Way too many bugs that take away the fun. Almost a year after release there are still bugs that should've already been ironed out a week after release. New piece-by-piece builder doesn't work as great as you'd think and the new coaster constructing system isn't too good either."
76561198023319831,Not Recommended,282560,33203344,Posted: 3 July,all,Shipwrecked,"Long story short, I bought it because I figured I couldn't run Planet Coaster, and even for the sale price of $6.59, it's not really worth it. There's not enough content, it doesn't run well at all, even on the lowest graphic settings, and overall all I just found it a pain to work with. If it gets more content and is better optimized, then I would say check it out, as it has potential, but in it's current state, I would avoid it. There's too many theme park games out there already that are much better than this one."
,Not Recommended,282560,22155924,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[R&D] Rob,"I cannot recommend this game what-so-ever.  Very poor start for this Early Access return of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series.  For a 2016 game, i haven't seen character designs as poor as this for the past decade or more.  The RollerCoaster building tools themselves are very rough and dont handle well at all (camera repositioning itself as track sections are added and removed which then throws me off while designing).   THe overall performance of the game is lackluster, with the game freezing up as buildings or tracks are placed.Many times the phrase ""its an Early Access game"" has been said to soften the blow of incomplete releases, but since this is being published by Atari, which is not a small time company by any stretch of the imagination, ""its Early Access"" just holds no water, especially after multiple delays and apparently shifts in development houses.The developers and publisher of this game should be ashamed of themselves for releasing such a cobbled together mess.  I do not see the RCT series being able to recover from this, IMO."
76561198058949820,Not Recommended,282560,22154924,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DoubleWells,"simcity meets RCTW = fail, can i get my money back on both these games . i would be imbaresed if i was in the intro of the making of RCTW video for releaseing this garbage. uninstall. Check out planet coaster you'll be impressedhttps://www.frontierstore.net/usd/games/planet-coaster-cat/planet-coaster-earlybird.html/"
,Not Recommended,282560,23257468,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Arno-no,"Remember how the earlier RCT games motivated you to really go out of your way to create an amazing theme park even if just making basic things that don't make any structural sense work just as fine?I don't get that feeling of excitement from this game; playing it feels like a chore.I really couldn't beleive the game was as terrible as the reviews make it out to be, but it really is boring and uninspired.The new coaster builder is very sloppy and confusing, the menus are unintuitive the tutorial is way too long and doesn't even properly explain you where everything is, and the new rating system is broken; why change something that worked perfectly in 3 previous games?!Sorry for my ranting, but this game is not good. I might give it another shot once the full game releases but as of now, I'm not touching this early access ever again."
76561198007337330,Not Recommended,282560,22155754,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Horza2002,"The RollerCoaster Tycoon games have been a staple part of my gaming life since I was a knee high to a grass hopper....RollerCoaster tycoon world has ended this run with a game that doesn't deserve to be associated with its forebears.Firstly, I know this is an Early Access game and shouldn't expect too much, but this was a true disappointment.  I have a fairly high end rig and this game ran pathetically; peeps don't walk and glide, fps is very low, coaster builder is laggy.  The graphics are just terrible, barely upgraded from RCT3.  The water is just dreadful....why does it look like copper sulphate solutions?! It's not that blue!The coaster builder is a double-edged sword...the potential to build anything you want is brilliant...you can make the coaster into exactly what you want...it is just so damn fiddly!  One great positive is the testing stats overlay that you get...it highlights the areas of the coaster that has the highest nausea inducing spirals that can really help when trying to perfect a ride as well as pointing out where the excitement is highest; that aspect is brilliant.All in all, I feel really disappointed with this game.  The number of bugs is staggering and issues is staggering.  I really wanted to love this game, but as it stands at the moment, I just can't.  In some respects, the developers have listened to the community from the pre-alpha but it still has light-years to go before I would recommend.I just hope that the developers really try and fix this....otherwise its the end of a great series.  So far, the developers have certainly been fixing the major issues with posts and that.  I remain confident that with some time and feedback, they will turn this into the game that it should be.EDIT 4/4/16:  Having played the game for a bit longer now, I can see the potential in this game about what could be.  Having changed the graphics settings to their highest (the autoconfig didn't do this) and their not actually that bad, so you can ignore that from my previous review!  I think I would upgrade my initial review slightly, but at its current state, I still can't recommend it."
76561198264720337,Not Recommended,282560,24035117,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,snapp1422,"I HAVE A  $2000 COMPUTER THAT I JUST BUILT IN DECEMBER, WITH A GTX 980 GRAPHICS CARD AND ITS RUNNING AT 65 DEGREES... IVE NEVER HAD IT RUN THAT HIGH, EVER, FALLOUT 4, WOW, GTA V, CITIES SKYLINES, NONE OF THEM HAVE EVER MADE MY COMPUTER STRESS OUT.BESIDES THE  COMPONENT STRESSFUL GAMEPLAY, ITS STRESSFUL TO PLAY  BECAUSE ITS NOT AT ALL LIKE THE OLD GAMES, WHICH I THINK IS WHAT EVERYBODY IS LOOKING FOR. WE WANT THE OLD RTC GAMES JUST WITH SLIGHTLY UPDATED VISUALS AND A FEW  MODERNIZATIONS. THIS GAME IS JUST NOT RTC. I KNOW I ONLY PLAYED 20 MIN BUT THATS ALL I NEEDED TO KNOW THAT THIS GAME NEEDS ALOT, I MEAN ALOT OF WORK. PLEASE JUST REVERT TO OLD RTC WITH SLIGHT MODERNIZATIONS.I READ ALL THE BAD REVIEWS ON THIS AND DECIDED TO IGNORE THEM ALL AND TRY FOR MYSELF, THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS WERE RIGHT. I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY THESE GAME COMPANIES THINK THEY CAN REVAMP AN OLD GAME AND CHANGE EVERYTHING... PEOPLE WANT THE OLD GAME THEY USED TO KNOW BUT WITH NEW DESIGNS, NOT A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT GAME THEYVE NEVER PLAYED BEOFRE. HOWEVER WHILE IM BASHING, REGRETFULLY I HAVE TO SAY THE GRAPHICS ARE GREAT, IF YOUR COMPONENTS CAN HANDLE IT."
76561198057072431,Not Recommended,282560,22202932,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ferrari 2014,at lot of bug when you try two trains on rollercoaster it does only one trains work with peeps
76561198067959249,Not Recommended,282560,22204886,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,young_j_d1,"There are many things about roller coaster tycoons original series I feel have been addressed and fixed; however, I feel that the design team has released a largely unfinished game for 50$. rather insulting. That being said, if the bugs are ironed out I would gladly change my rating from 2 stars to at least 4 (5 pending the addition of more content)."
,Not Recommended,282560,25581813,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,★Silver,"Update:I would say the game is getting much better. It's actually enjoyable to play now to a certain extent. The main isuse I have now is that the game crashes once in awhile, causing 100% loss of gametime of the current level you are on. Until this is resolved, I still would not yet recomend this game.---------------------STill pretty dull with the ongoing changes...I stopped playing after it was released to hope that they would make it better...it's still nothing like the origonal...The lack of overall game funcionality blows."
76561198148461104,Not Recommended,282560,28479898,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,"Volx,Rolz \'","it is so lagy and i have a good pc, it is sad i want my $ back"
76561198029781422,Not Recommended,282560,22150899,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Davidleblanc20,"Sorry, I'm really sorry I have to change my review, I gave it a positive but now that I've thought about it this has to get a negative, I mean it's must have been on the drawing board since at least 2014 ready for a release in December 2015, we are fast approaching to end April 2016 and it's been demoted to early access, yes the graphics are good, but there's very little content, after all this time there should be hundreds of rides and coasters, I bought the Deluxe Edition back in October last year, and now i wish I waited. Maybe a few dozen updates might improve my rating on the game, but for its back to RCT3. It's a real shame really."
76561197970893261,Not Recommended,282560,22153591,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lindsay Lohan,"I know it was a early access game and I thank Atari for providing that option. I wanted to like this game, really I did. I expected more, much more; especially for the time it has been in development. Graphics and peeps leave a lot to be desired. I'd wait until the game has gone gold.In the end I hope the developers and the fans get the game they want. I got a refund."
,Not Recommended,282560,22154334,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CFRANS,"This is really sad for me. I've been a RCT fan since the first one, and I was overly excited to RCTW as the start when Atari announced back in 2014. Just bought it in November, I was upset with the launch delay, but ok, I understood.But now, this EA (which is not an beta or alpha) looks really bad. I gotta say, not everything, but here are certain things that really dissapointed me, and I hope that Nvizzio will fix. Some of them was in the previous RCT games.- Everything is just too much big. (Even the food store, which I think is the smallest thing in the game)- The path tool didn't work to attach some things (some ridiculous things, it's hard to attach the queue lines in those)- You have NO CONTROL of the employees, and it's unnecessary to need a giant building to hire them. (You can't even set a specific place for them to stay)- There's no research for the things just like was before. You can unlock the things only completing the goals. I didn't like it.- You have very poor information and control of the guests (You can't ammount them by sorting the thinking or the feeling.- A simple roller coaster (yeah, really small and smooth track) it's getting a extreme-high level of Nausea, making about 80% of the people throwing their stomachs out by the exit of the track, making the paths incredible dirty.I will not talk about the graphics, the lagging, the low frame rate, and the visual of the peeps, which you can find more complains here in another review.It's playable. But it's kinda sad, really is. And don't worth the paying right now.I hope they'll fix all of this soon, making me change this review. I really hope.6/10"
76561198063981624,Not Recommended,282560,22162748,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,JesneyHavoc,nah fam its a♥♥♥♥♥♥stick compared to planet coaster innit
76561197961865110,Not Recommended,282560,22158244,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Toendy,"Had it since last year and was hoping for a full release.Then they came whit the early access program and i was like ""ok maaaaybe it will be good""Yesterday i tried it, boosted all my graphics to max and was hopeful to try the game.I was speechless,How can a game, that had many release changes and after the planned release date went to early access status, be sooo bad!After 5mins in game it hurts to see that the name rollercoaster has become this …… well to be polite “bad”It’s really a shame that seeing this game, my hopes for a good new rollercoaster tycoon named game is gone.I had no choice to ask for a refund and thx to steam for the fast response because this kind of stuff can’t be supported especially when you had all the time to make things perfect.Kind regards from a hurt tycoon fan."
,Not Recommended,282560,22156692,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Pure,I know it's just an early access. I get that. But this is simply not even worthy of that. Not impressed. Luckily I got a refund.
,Not Recommended,282560,22155183,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,mpqzy,An embarrassment for the entire RCT franchise.
76561198054597478,Not Recommended,282560,22242788,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,chasei,"Apart from the strange fact it went from beta to early access (alpha), this is still extremely buggy, ride ques bug and ppl dont que properly, some facilities dont get used by the peeps, paths are very difficult to get placed the way you want them same goes for rollercoaster building, and when you get more than 1500 peeps in your park well the list is to long but safe to say things get abit wierd, anyway just my opinion do what you like :)"
76561198039424079,Not Recommended,282560,22272979,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,dannyisryu,Being a huge fanboy of the series i thought i would love this game and psuhed aside the negative reviews. (Boy was this a mistake.)Don't let my time in the game fool you 90% of the negative reviews are true and this is not a roller coaster tycoon game but a shadow of its former self.Could not get away from the lag or horride famerate even on my rig.
,Not Recommended,282560,22242089,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The First Falcon,"I was really looking forward to this game but even as an early access release, it's just lacking.I keep encountering bugs, the animations kinda suck and the tone of the game just doesnt feel like roller coaster tycoon. The franchise kinda used to have more humour.Maybe I'll try again when the game's finished but for now it's a firm thumbs DOWN."
76561198044573197,Not Recommended,282560,22184812,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SargeMCG,"""None of your friend play this game, tell them why they should.""Well ya see, thats the thing. They shouldn't."
,Not Recommended,282560,22269152,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Tom,"This game is disapointing, I pre ordered it months ago, I waited and waitied and it is bad, FPS is low and no it is not my PC as others have same issue. I know it is in BETA but come one, it should be better. Go buy Planet Coaster xD"
76561198308366472,Not Recommended,282560,24413359,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TheCatsAttack,WASTE OF MONEY DONT GET YOU'LL REGRET IT. I UNINSTALLED IT BECAUSE WAS TO LAGGY! WASTE OF MY TIME!!!!!
76561198012132353,Not Recommended,282560,25881074,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,escher83,I purchased this game early without reading any reviews. What a mistake! I keep trying the game every few weeks to see if it is getting better but I never last more than about 2 minutes. The graphics are terrible and the gameplay is painful.
76561198068984555,Not Recommended,282560,23013747,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,corey_tv,"This game is not ready to be published.  If they would just  play the game for like 5 hours before releasing it, they would know that the game is messed up.  The system of deletion and snapping are jacked.  The mechanics get stuck and stop working.  The thoughts of the peeps just dissapear, never to return, but don't worry, they still get mad.There is no easy way to find where your staff are, or figure out what they are doing.If you make the angle of the path exiting your rides at any more than 45 degrees, it won't allow you to make the queue and visa versa.I've also had a little trouble with connecting new paths to already built 1paths (not an issue of angle),The maintnence guys go back in as soon as they come out of the door of the buildig.  If they do make it out, pretty much all 10 of them are stuck together walking around.I am very dissapointed with this game.  I love the idea.  The problem that I see is that in the last couple of years, many gaame makers have been giving us broken games.  This is unacceptable.  The game litterally doesn't function.  I feel like I should be able to return this garbage and maybe buy it back if the designers get their crap together.It's appears that they focused so much on how the game would look, that they completely neglected making sure that if functioned propely"
76561198138011746,Not Recommended,282560,34940215,Posted: 13 September,all,ZombiePieces,This game is a complete waste of time and money. I have never played the compain mode because it has never made it past the loading screen. Every time I play I get at least one hour of play time before the game stops running. Besides the glitches there is barely any content. Not much to decorate with and all the rides are the same as all the other rollercoaster tycoons. Plus the AI aren't much better then the previous games and they are super needy. I got this game when it first came out and I have yet to even finish a park because I get so annoyed that I just give up. I do not recomend getting this game.
76561198021643532,Not Recommended,282560,22159198,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Skytower LoveVirtualGames.com,"This game is terrible, what a shame the person in charge never bothered to play the original. I turned it off after short time. No transport rides, no water rides. New path layout is not good suggest revert to old system.I cannot believe you have the cheek to charge for this>? !"
,Not Recommended,282560,22157717,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Lord Topley,"This game is a joke. Lifeless, buggy, ugly, creepy and a waste of money.Don't buy this, get Planet Coaster instead or the older RCT games"
76561198100346382,Not Recommended,282560,25152093,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,cat16,"When the beta testing looks better than when it officially is out for early access, you know something's wrong. I had decent hopes for this game. It looked good in videos of people playing it before it was out, but now that it's out I completely regret pre ordering it for 60 bucks (deluxe, cause I was hyped). Never gonna buy anything again until its officially out, no mans sky is another example. (not that I bought it) This was a let down, I don't see how you could possibly release something to the public, even in early access, with this little content and so many bugs. DON'T GET THIS GAME until further notice."
,Not Recommended,282560,24626682,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FNaF Dream,horrible. you spend 60 dollars for a good game only to play a glitchy game. WASTE OF MONEY
76561198177211745,Not Recommended,282560,24635764,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Da-strifehatzz,31/07/15 I am very dissapointed in my choice to have bought this game.02/09/16 RCTW keeps getting better...  Still wished I bought Planet Coaster.
76561198115570756,Not Recommended,282560,22152469,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Bewts,"Holy mother of god. Absolutely awful. 107 minutes in and I just couldn't take the mess any more. Already requested and received my refund.  This game was supposed to be out months ago... and here we are, 3 months late, and it's still 'early access'? I can understand a few glitches here and there, but this is ridiculous. 60% of the time, the game won't load, and when it does load, functions of the game won't turn off when switched on..... for example, I turned on the 'heat map' feature to find my most popular ride. The heat map would not disable and conveniently covered the menu button so I could not save and reload the game... 45 minutes of game gone to a rookie league glitch. The peeps are glitchy and half of them just 'float' instead of actually walk and move... the ride camera stops working and the peeps on the ride appear to detach from the ride and kind of hover over the seats.. this game that is incredibly late is almost unplayable.I wanted to like it. I really did. I've loved the genre since game 1, but Atari really screwed the pooch. I will be buying Planet Coaster which is made by the same people who created the first 2 rollercoaster tycoon games... Atari merely bought the name ""rollercoaster tycoon"" and destroyed it.Awful, Atari... just awful."
,Not Recommended,282560,22634618,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Aceofspade159,"I'd like to say they tried, but it really doesn't seem like they did.The game is poorly optimized, crashes frequently, looks worse than RCT3, the coaster builder doesn't work properly, the user interface is garbage, when you build a launched coaster, instead of telling you how fast you're launching it, it gives you a slider from 0 to 10. Like, what the hell? They couldn't be bothered to tell you how fast you're sending the car off at? The physics engine is terrible.Please, don't buy this game. Save your money and get Planet Coaster or ParkitectEDIT: I just bought this game after it went on sale for 5 dollars. I will update this review if the game has shown significant progress since early accessEDIT 2: I've spent 5 dollars on worse things. Coaster creator still is a bit tricky, the performance is a little underwhelming, and the brakes/acceleration thing still makes zero sense, but overall, if it's on sale for 5 dollars, you might as well get it."
,Not Recommended,282560,22252396,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Raven Almasy,"So I decided to play longer then a few hours before writing a review. I'm clocking a little over 20 hours in this game at the moment and all in all I am not to positive about it.I loved RCT 1 and 2. I played 3 shortly but never got around to actually properly playing it. I have also never been good at building coasters and actually don't quite enjoy doing that. I just put down pre-made coasters and try to get the goals I need to get. So for me as a very casual gamer it all just needs to be simple.This game can be simple if you give it a chance.Suprisingly I am actually attempting to build coasters. The builder is a little confusing at first and it took me a while to properly understand the controls and how it all works but I feel that I sort of got the hang of it. They're not the most awesome coasters but I actually enjoyed making them and trying to get them to work and not crash. However some parts are still confusing to me when I try to build and especially with the add-ons like twists and loopings and they give me an error and I cannot continue to build. So I avoid adding those which is immidiatly what does dissapoint me about this builder. I should be able to just add these things. The fact that there is very little explaination as you first start building doesn't help either and for some odd reason I cannot get the tutorials to work so I'm stuck on that.Overall the coaster builder is not bad.Now for everything else. I like the designs of the flat rides but at the same time I wish I could edit them. Because I like the size and how they made it I would like to be able to change the colours and such. I miss that. I also feel like there aren't enough rides or even pre-made coasters. I assume thats where the steam workshop comes into play but I haven't quite gotten around to looking at that. I mostly miss water rides. There is a few that have water around them which makes them look cool but no actual water rides. But I miss the monorail type rides the most of all. I don't quite understand why those are not in here.The shops also miss customizing but I do like the variety in them. Especially the restaurants though it would also be great if peeps stopped saying they're hungry while I built all of them and there is a place to eat every few steps. I'm not quite sure how you can be hungry then.Paths....those are just bad. Atleast to connect paths is just not fun at all. I don't quite understand why I cannot connect a path from a restaurant to the main path the way I want it placed. I don't want some odd kink in it. I don't want to have to lenght it further just so it will connect to a certain piece of the main path. Since when does path making have to be so frusterating? Because that is just what it is. Frusterating.Scenery. I am missing so many things in here. All my parks start to look the same because there simply isn't enough variety. Not to mention that I cannot place things on the path 85% of the time! Why can't I just place a simple bench on the path? Also bridges. I cannot place anything on path bridges so no wonder those are a mess since I cannot even put trash cans on them. Scenery needs severe improving.Workers. In one of the loading screens it tells me that I can adjust things in the building screen for my workers...I have yet to figure this out. I cannot assign workers to certain areas. Picking them up makes my screen flicker so that doesn't help and I simply cannot adjust anything about any of my workers. Not work clothes, not areas they walk or who does what.The land tool. I like my lands flat. I have yet to learn how to work with the flatten tool as it just does weird stuff. It doesn't flatten that I do know. It would be a great improvement if you can just click on the area you want flattened and it instantly does so.So far I do not have any issues with the game completely crashing and only once has it become super slow (most likely due to taking up too much memory but these are things I know nothing about).So all in all I would not recommend this game right now. If it improves then yes as this game has a lot of potential for both casual gamers and more die hard gamers who love to built stuff."
76561198175034723,Not Recommended,282560,22600572,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,BudGamingYT,"I'm a fan of the Roller Coaster Tycoon Franchise. I own RCT3. I was very excited to get my hands on this early access game. I was EXTREMELY disappointed. BUT, I was not able to play the game... At All... First off, i don't have the best computer, but it runs BeamNG Drive, Gmod, and other games bought on steam fine. When i first loaded a Sandbox park, my FPS dropped to about 0-10. I ignored that and started to build a Hyper Coaster. I could barely change the direction of the station. I scrolled my mouse wheel, then a few seconds later the station turned. I hovered over the thing where you design the track, then a few seconds later it allowed me to build the track. I would probably love this game if i could actually play it.So the point of my review is: You need a $600+ computer to run this game."
76561198038965637,Not Recommended,282560,22355832,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,The_Fat_Oracle,"A giant middle finger to everyone that ever tried to support this game. At one point, before it was even early access, i was hyped about this game. Imagine my pain when i first played it, and realised it was a buggy, ugly, messy and complete faceplant for the series. It was like being sat there on your birthday with a big box in front of you, you think it's that gaming pc you've been wishing for. You open it, and find a rotting budgie thats been mauled by 2 bulldogs and sprayed at with a shotgun.Thank you very much Nvizzio, i hope that this dark cloud of shame hovers over you for the rest of your game making days."
,Not Recommended,282560,22593391,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Myth,"I love the original RCT-games, and this lacks every bit of the charm and character of the previous games."
,Not Recommended,282560,24117677,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,legokilledu,i got this product the day of release its a horrible edition to a once great series get planet coaster
76561198055355767,Not Recommended,282560,25037524,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,123iscool9,Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,282560,22277287,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JesusHimself,"I loved Roller Coaster Tycoon growing up, and I really wanted to like this game. But after 36 minutes, and 3 times the game crashed, I was unable to complete a coaster once. Really dissapointing. Maybe I'll come back in a few months to see if it is actually in a working condition, but right now it is an incomplete game. At least I can still get the refund."
76561198131607781,Not Recommended,282560,22308967,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,BumbleGrum,"I was NOT pleasantly surprised by this disappointing Early Access simulation. The interface offers very few options for tailoring the way you move around, and in its present form is frustratingly clumsy. Paths and Cues are hard to join up. Path lights and rubbish bins wont install on any path that is elevated, so some large parts of your park are in darkness. There doesn't appear to be any way of placing paths and tracks through hills, and etc.This game is not worth it for the price you pay. If it had been half what I paid for it (knowing that later I would have to buy addons like the RCT franchise has always worked) I may have taken the time to give feedback, and bide my time with it.Conclusion: Don't waste your money. By something else like I did."
76561198324783554,Not Recommended,282560,24977346,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,krewkat123,embarrassing
,Not Recommended,282560,22347297,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Natural Joe,First of all its really laggy on my gaming laptop I play GTA 5 on. Half the time i was playing was on the load screen and i was not pleased with the new way to build rollercoaster.
76561198287565044,Not Recommended,282560,23048090,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,blah24073,"i think the gamesoffto a decent start it lacks alot, the colors are off itsa cartoonish in a way i dontget a real feel of being there its decent and has poteniol but at the moment planet coaster is far above this Prison Architect"
,Not Recommended,282560,22970687,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,TOG | Fate,Extremely buggy in its current form with forming paths and creating roller coasters. Got a refund for it and will check it out later.
76561198073335001,Not Recommended,282560,23086550,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,inzer585,Horrible game.  Just nothing but a hassle to get things to work right.  RCT3 had way better controls.  This game seems to fight you on what you want.  Coaster builder is ackward and not very responsive.  Wish I could get a refund.
,Not Recommended,282560,18835263,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[S]am-UK,"Beta Review....Not recommend, game is in an un-playable state...I did not say un-finished...but un-playable. The coaster builder is back to front? It's not very simple at all! When building a coaster you have to look for the colour markings under the track to see how safe or un-safe it is...White - OKAY! Everythings Great!Yellow - Hmmm unsure but might be fine?Red - You're proper f*cked, your guests are going to die.Black - Unplaceable piece of track!As you can only build coasters, decor, paths and queues in the beta. I would love to re-write this for when the game releases. I hope Atari put ALOT more effort in and fire the guy who said this was ready for a beta/demo. Whatever you want to call it these days!!"
,Recommended,282560,22154305,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Remi,"Despite all of the negative reviews, this game really isn't that terrible. Although there are some annoying bugs and some funky features, none of them are really game destroying. There's been a lot of hate about things not snapping correctly, or things not snapping at all, and although it is a bit annoying, there's really easy ways to work around it. People have been commenting about the graphics as well too, and although they aren't top notch, they are pretty good, and much better than RCT3.So yes, it is buggy, it still has many problems, but in reality, none of these are truely game destroying bugs. Me and my girlfriend think this game is absolutely amazing and look forward to playing another 6 hours tomorrow. Let's just hope for some basic fixes too, and I'm sure this game will pull through, just like the others did! :)"
76561198177301583,Not Recommended,282560,31932801,Posted: 24 May,all,Heyimbecks,"Worst game ever, bought this game the other day was exicted to play it as I have played RCT3 before and loved that one. When i started to run the game it kepted saying it's not responding. When it finally loaded after a few mintues of game play to stopped working and threw me out of the game. I would not recommend this game save your money not worth it im so sad about this as the previous RCT games have been amazing."
,Not Recommended,282560,28789128,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,thor,The roller coaster building system is really bad. The game also freezes when you do stuff like going out of a scenario.
,Not Recommended,282560,28836773,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,dablkin,"This game won't even load past the menu. At first I thought it was because I was using my laptop. I try again on my gaming rig and it loaded once, but was very slow and choppy. I try it again a few days later and I can't get it past the menu screen again. I at least expected to be able to play the game smoothly especially on my gaming rig. If you want to buy this I would suggest waiting for them to fix these problems before wasting your money on a broken game. Its too bad though I love the RollerCoaster games and had high hopes for this one, guess I'll try Planet Coaster."
76561198027304142,Not Recommended,282560,33277428,Posted: 5 July,all,grouchom,"Could not even get the game to launch. I have a quad core 64 bit system and it would load to 100% and freeze with launching the game. Between and reviews I have read, I would say don't waste your time. Now if you'll excuse me while I get my refund...."
,Not Recommended,282560,29107424,Posted: 7 January,all,Kurozuki08,"Pros: Fun. Cons: Freezes constantly.I honestly love the game, when it actually works for me. The negatives that I've seen, not from other reviews, but from my own experiences, out weigh the good, but only  because I can't experience good features of the game if I can't play it. It either freezes up, causing me to have to restart my computer because not only do I lose the ability to move the mouse pointer, not one shortcut to the desktop will work, or it stalls so long that I think it's frozen. I tried giving it time to load one night. It literally sat on the loading screen, trying to open my park, for roughly 10 minutes, then an additional to wait for the game to work and become unpaused once it was open.When it's not freezing or stalling, there's other glitches like peeps showing up where they shouldn't, paths for some reason not being accessable even though they've been checked several times, and just other things that aren't really huge, but frustrating and make game play unenjoyable.I have played it alot lately because I will load my screen, get really into my park, loving the graphics, the way the rides flow, and then it'll crash and I'll have to hard reset or open task manager if I can even get it to go back to the desktop to close the program. I've gotten in a few hours like that, I'll play for a while, then BAM, frozen, and always at the most successful or suspensful parts of my park's development, then because I want to continue with my park, I'll hop right back in just for it to do it again, sometimes not even making passed the menu.But, don't get me wrong,  I have played for hours on the good nights that it functions well too, it can get addicting. But it's sad when you really like your park and before you can save it, it freezes. To be honest, besides the bad glitches, I really enjoyed the game, I just have to save my it between every 5 and 10 minutes so that I don't risk losing what I worked on.I cautiously recommend this to my friends who enjoy these games, but I advise you to try using patience before immediately calling it a failure. I really have liked it, it just works your nerve up more than it probably should.  It's new, so hopefully some updates can fix the problems. I'll have hope."
,Not Recommended,282560,28801070,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Anders,"This game is a mess, not much more to say.If you want a good theme park game, go buy Planet Coaster!"
76561198355397526,Not Recommended,282560,33991278,Posted: 3 August,all,cv75,"wow, just wow. This is the worst roller coaster game on steam, this was just a waste of my money. Never to play another of your roller coaster tycoon games until it acctually goood. The only reason why this game is bad is because the controlls of building a roller coaster suck, the gameplay is horrible, and over all how the game is run, is just horrible as well."
,Not Recommended,282560,34077596,Posted: 7 August,all,computerjason,"Waste of money, I bought it for 50 bucks (Deluxe version). Prices have dropped, but I wouldn't even play it if it is free anymore. Game had potential, not anymore. Bye Atari."
,Not Recommended,282560,22155288,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,eqalidan,"Game demands a lot out of the cpu, FAR more then the recommended spec, so either the spec is a lie or the game is SERIOUSLY un optimized.This wouldn't be an issue, if the game wasn't delayed so damn long making me believe that it will never get fixed.This is compounded with a shocking lack of content, and questionable time management, as the food stalls have 3-5 themes each, while rides and coasters are lacking.The little positives things I can say about the game are its far easier to build a working coaster and get people to ride them then prior games, building the roller coasters is fun but when ridden first person you see how lumpy the things are even when building them with the button placements apposed to the... what is this called, nurbs... I don't know, I don't like that way to build coasters at all.I don't know whats under the hood of if its fixable but there is no excuse for how badly this game runs.Lets also be clear, I'm no fan of planet coaster and think so many aspects of that game are worse then this one, largely due to me not being creative enough to build custom things that look nice. If you want a roller coaster game, rct2 with the opencrt2 mod, some people love rct3, or the new and possibly best roller coaster game, Parkitect are what you should be looking at, the 2 big hitters (this and planet coaster) rely to much on mods and community to be fun for me... I mean how much worse can I feel when people put crap up with the in game tools and I cant make a single thing look presentable?Its entirely possible this game will turn around, be very optimized and with mods be the best game around... and if it is ill buy it again then, but I'm not holding out hope."
76561198186314553,Not Recommended,282560,26633428,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,moffittwm1,"Don't buy, purchase Planet Coaster, it is way better and is not as buggy.Why did they get rid of the ability to create a path and queue one tile at a time?Can't move entrance and exists on rides.Mouse no matter what setting moves too qucikly when scroll on edge is checked, in settings.Can't chagne what is offered in the shops.Too difficult to build a new coaster."
,Not Recommended,282560,30422390,Posted: 10 March,all,Borrelnoot,"I own both this game and planet coaster. The difference is soo big. Planet Coaster has great graphics, great playmode and not at last... it works smoothly.This game has poor graphics, it gives you more a feeling you are playing a childs game. playablilty is very poor and alot of things just dont work.Playing this game gives me 0% fun and satisfaction. Playing Planet coaster gives me for both at least 90% while that one is also still in beta. It just looks and feels so much better.I regret that I spent money on this one."
,Not Recommended,282560,22206030,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Raphe9000,"Okay. When I first made a review for this game, I just did standard criticizing. However, the game has updated since and deserves a fair review, as they have fixed many things. I will break this game up into parts and review each one seperetely.Interface:By interface, I mean the translucent, white bar at the bottom of the screen ingame. It is, well, okay. It gives you what you need, but it does not do it efficently. It seperates rides from rollercoasters, but that is just small nitpick I have. I really hate how stall types are merged into 4 small sections with only 2 being useful. It is okay, but you cannot search for stalls as a whole. There have been many times I have wanted sci-fi/western/normal/adventure theme only and had to look thouroughly to even find the stall itself. In tries to go for a more modern look by making everything unocolored, line drawn icons. It only makes things harder to pick out. It also is inneficent in other ways. In one tab, there is a whole entire area dedicated to facades. It, however, contains barely anything. Instead of trying to make more, they just created a tab of them and put a few dumb things in to make it look complete. Not to mention that I usually go there looking for terrain coloring and clicking on it (because it is a spray can). Maybe I want to look for a roller coaster and click on rides? Though that, itself, is a small issue, it is still ANNOYING and easy to prevent. The interface does have it's pros though. It moved on from RCT3's circle interface that was literally everywhere and hard to navigate across and instead had a normal interface at the bottom of the screen. It also does look nice. I would just rather functionality over design. I give it a 4/10.scenarios:I have to be honest, I hate the new scenarios. I had true fun playing the sceanarios in RCT3. I have no fun with the new scenarios, and I knew I would hate them all when I played the first. Instead of being put in a well established park that has a lot of room for improvement, I was put in a nearly 100% complete park and told to make new stuff with a predefined pathway (yes, I know I could change it if I wanted to) in 12 months. It already had about every resturaunt, and it had no ""Discovery"" feature that would let me unlock new stuff as time went on. I do like the return of the scenario creator, however. I have no dabbled in it that much yet (I will explain why later), but I love that they have reintroduced one great feature in the series. While I like that scenarios are included and applaud the developers for taking the time to make what would otherwise be a sanbox game into a game that you can actually PLAY for a reason. While I hate the scenarios, I do appreciate the scenario editor and that the developers even added them in. Therefore, I give this feature a 7.5/10sandbox:This is the true reason (and in my opinion one of the only reasons) to buy this game. While limitations do still apply, I still love the ability to be able to create the theme park of my dreams. I have had hours of fun in sandbox mode and have even spent a whole day working on my park at one time. It was a mess, but it was fun. I do, however, not like the restrictions that are applied. I will, however, get into that in a later area. I really do like the sandboxes of othger games better though. This one is good, but it is not the best. It lacks features that those ones have, but it is FUN, and that is what mainly matters. Though this area is short, that is because I really do not have that much negativity for it. Therefore, I give the sandbox mode an 8.5/10. It is mainly good, but I have see better.Items:By items, I mean stalls, decorations, and paths. Let's start out with stalls. I like the new twist on the game by adding buildings as a bigger form of stalls, but I am dissapointed with smaller stalls and am indifferent on the choice to add staff buidlings. The small stalls are pretty bad. There are small things, like ketchup and mustard bottles on sci-fi souveneir stores (which is just outright laziness), but there are alsobig things. I really hate the lack of stall types. There are many, yes, but explain to me why the only small stall that has a drink is the soda stall. That is PURE laziness. It is hard to be creative with stalls when I have already placed every single one in a small park 3 times already. Now, staff buildings are OKAY. It is cool to have a building with workers that makes it where you don't have to spam the hire button, but it makes staff take up so much space. It is outright annoying. Even bathrooms (which are not staff, I know) take up a ton of space. I like the new bathrooms, ya, but the developer's were too lazy to implement the tiny, dirty stalls that is so common in theme parks It is just annoying. I rate this third of this section 4.5/10. I will now be moving onto decoraqtions. Theya re what really spice upthe park, and I have mostly postive words to say about them. They look nice, and even trees are randomized. I will rather be criticizing what is NOT added. There is one big thing missing, buidling materials! How can you make a good aprk when you cannot even add a wall! Parkitect and Planet Coaster do this so well, so why does Roller Coaster Tycoon World fail? Onlt the developer's know. I like the return of UGC and the new addition of using the Workshop to find and apply it easily. I, however, don't like how they are just lifeless statues. In RCT3, I had a poorly made McDonalds stall that actually worked! In RCTW, I have a giant building with incredible detail... that does nothing. Atari really messed up here. I can only hop that they will fix this. I really liek the decorations, but I hate what they don;t have. Therefore, I am giving them a 7/10. Next, we have paths.I have a sort of love hate relationship with the paths. They are good, yes. However, they are such a pain to use! They give them dumb rules, like ""You can only expand this path if you delete this one then put it back in the exact same place after you are done."" That is so dumb. Curved paths, while being a nice addtion, are impossible to use! I ill struugle and struggle with them,a nd I usyually give up on REGULAR paths! Plus, if you don't use grid or snap, they will be all wonky and off center! They could try to reintroduce path blocks, but I don't think they will. I do, however, really like them with grid/snap. It makes using them so much easier! I just don't like that they are basically required! Because of these mixed views, I give paths a 7/10. Therefore, my overall rating for these 3 are 6.2/10. I wish I could have given them a better rating.Terrain:Terrain sculpting is really nice, but I don't have many words to say about it. The only real things I would change are the lack of the ability to make caves and the fact that I want more terrain colors in the paint tab. I do wish that they fixed placing items of bridges, however. They will just fall through (not when I place them but I literally cannot place them on the path) , and no one ikes that. I give terrain an 8/10.Fun:This game is actually REALLY fun. It is not great to any extent, but I like it. There is not that much more to say besides that it is fun, and that is what makes a game good. I give this an 8.5/10DLC:I liek the DLC, ya. I however wish it added a bit more. We get the classic mascot, 2 new themes, and a gold park entrance on those 2 themes. There is not much in this section because there is not much with DLC! It is good, but it is dissapointing. 7/10FInal Thoughts:Roller Coaster Tycoon World is a good game, but do I recommend it? To be honest, I really want to, but I don't. It just is not good compared to Parkitect and Planet Coaster, the 2 rollercoaster games of 2015-16 I absolutely love. Overall, I give RCTW an 8.1/10."
76561198017134810,Not Recommended,282560,30136110,Posted: 24 February,all,madmax150,rollercoaster tycon world keeps frezing and im running windows 10 on a high end computer  you think these people would do a better job stick too the origanal tycoon series
,Not Recommended,282560,22154052,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tyler2351,"I had very high hopes for this game. What with them pushing back the orginal release date and with previous RCT games, I was under the imression that this game was going to be amazing... Sadly, I was terribly wrong. After playing only 45 minutes of the game, I uninstalled and got a refund. I hate to say it, but I believe this is the end of the RCT series. If you really want to try a good rollercoaster game, Planet Coaster is the way to go."
76561198021184174,Not Recommended,282560,26376343,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,b_l88,"Not gonna loose hope until full release but as of right now this game  has too many bugs .Tying to place paths ,buildings and  sceanery  becomes maddening and takes out the funYou can still build a functonal theme park , just expect to be limited by the parimiter of the gameAt this point without a drop in price I wouldn't recommend buying it"
,Not Recommended,282560,26635288,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,reedy2k93,"i would not reccomend this game, it feels like an old game, its laggy and buggy graphics are nasty and the peeps look like blow up dolls, not alot of ingame stuff. writing is very small. overall its♥♥♥♥♥♥ sorry. i was a fan of the rct francise but now i feel fet down (no pun intended) hopefully in a few more months the game will be better. pc is the way to go."
,Not Recommended,282560,28890008,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,WampThing,"So preordered this bucket awhile back.  Cant really say anything other than what most others allready have.  I have respects for the efforts here, but its almost 2017 and i seriously still can't even play this game.  Not in terms of how awful it is, its literally unplayable.  You start the game and get nothing but a black screen, for some reason the only way around it is to bring up the steam overlay (shift+tab) to refresh the loading or something. ok.. so you get passed one hurdle of just opening the bloody thing. Lets now start to play, looks fine and dandy loads her up, ok sweet... nope.  Now the cursor is just flashing and stuck in the middle of the screen haha. You can try to move it but snag pops right back. C'mon fellas, could just be nostalgia talking, but why did you all have to go all simcity with it.  Sometimes its just better to leave these things to rest.  I recommend just sticking to the older versions 1-3, this one is just a mess and doesnt look to be getting any better."
76561198317440913,Not Recommended,282560,33053920,Posted: 30 June,all,HE1N1,very bad keep saying not responding  paid for crap thats not working
,Not Recommended,282560,29857719,Posted: 11 February,all,[A-53] BenWatki,"plays like a alpha, want a new updated, better visual coaster park?? get planet coaster its way better and runs way better plus peeps have faces."
,Not Recommended,282560,33331076,Posted: 6 July,all,Toltendo,"During the Summer 2017 sale, I tried to prove myself that despite the negative press that people have been giving this game and its developer/publisher terrible grief when comparing it to Planet Coaster, I bought it for an astounding sale at $4.99, regular being $14.99.The only good thing I can see from this game is that it has a playable tutorial, which helps player navigate the menu selection, park management, and placement of items, rides, and coasters. I quit after 10 minutes in the tutorial...Blah blah blah, this game is awful, feels awful so just buy Planet Coaster."
,Not Recommended,282560,24021153,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,lineeka,"I was so looking forward to playing this game after having hours and hours of great fun with the RCT1 and RCT2. Now I just regret buying it. The graphics are great if all you want is to look at it, but trying to build, create or actually play; Cannot do it! I mean - even placing the roads are impossible.. I'm just so disappointed!"
76561198217723615,Not Recommended,282560,26325986,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Laith,Game is overal terrible. Lots of content was promised but never released with the game. Game optimization is horrible. Steam lets start issuing those refunds.
,Not Recommended,282560,30207750,Posted: 26 February,all,Irish Panda,I am a huge fan of RollerCoaster Tycoon and I am really disapointed by this game. The fact it took me 10 mins to load the Tutorial on 'Medium' Graphics. My PC is good too but its very hard on a PC to run. Yeah the game looks good but its not easy to just pick up and play. Needs to get patched or something to make it better. Will go buy planet coaster and give it a go until they fix this game up or if I get cash for a super computer to run this game first.
76561198073759759,Not Recommended,282560,30271041,Posted: 1 March,all,Screech,"I bought this a year ago in early release. It didn't run well at all. I waited a year, and tried it again. At least I can get past the title screen. I have a decent machine. 16GB Ram, 3.2GHz Intel i5 processor...you get the idea. Certainly not something I would expect this behavior on. The graphics are choppy, and I can't actually do anything. I really like all of the predecessors, so I assumed I'd like this one. I assumed that, since it's a larger company making this game, they'd be quick to fix the issues. Yet they're releasing DLC even when the game isn't playable. For the curators who got it working...what in heck am I doing wrong? Is there some setup deviation from the default settings I need to go with?"
76561198213601365,Not Recommended,282560,22153396,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,morgancapstick,"What was i waitting for!!! apparentely not much, sorry but ill stick to rct3"
,Not Recommended,282560,22154267,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mr_Rambles,"Oh my, I'm not the one to hate on video games, but man they really screwed this up big time. Nothing seems live about this game. Feels like playing a phone game."
,Not Recommended,282560,22150058,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DannySargent,"My thoughts in the short time I could stand playing the game - ""Why aren't I on the Planet Coaster Alpha?"""
76561198262604528,Not Recommended,282560,27732650,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pdxjoe210,"I think that the older version is better this this, They have a lot of work to do.. on this game when it comes to the Graphics we are in 2016 not 1996."
76561198355276086,Not Recommended,282560,28693248,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,metalmike952,"Just afwful. I unboxed a HP notebook for Christmas, then Dl'd RCTW right away. Beyond dissapointed. Took me almost an hour of going through ""program not responding"" and freezing my computer to get into the 1st story mode map. Once I was in it the whole map was glichy and staggered, Couldn't even select anything because every thing was so slow.As someone who had the very first RCT (as most of us had I am sure) this is beyond dissapointing."
76561198254119148,Not Recommended,282560,22321922,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jerthebear0614,i have always played the rollercoaster tycoon titles. But this game is not like the other ones. the path editing is horrible. My game crashes a lot. I wish i could give a thumbs up but that is basically impossible. I would recommend PLANET COASTER frontier is just a better compagnie and they know what they are doing.
,Not Recommended,282560,22320164,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Trigstur,I cant say i recommend the game its not that great --> at the moment <-- and its here and there buggy but i trust Atari that I will change the thumb down to a thumb up  Remember the game is not done so it is not the best but we cant judge on that we only can judge  the final product and i still like the game but again --> at the moment <-- its for me a thumb down
76561198123011292,Not Recommended,282560,28579357,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,gm_moraees,Go buy Planet Coaster
76561198239103414,Not Recommended,282560,24798155,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Schmidty5332,This game has the potential to be great but theres definitly some work to be done. I know for a fact that its not the computer because its a brand new 1300 dollar  tower I just built not even a month ago. RCTW keeps crashing on my pc and when it does work it wont load my games once they get too big. Theres work to be done but it can be great.
,Recommended,282560,23594728,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Metal Kitty,"It is a lot of fun,  and very well made, obviously as far as bugs are concerned there are a few, but this is in early Access, Beta with bits and pieces of the game in Alpha.Definately worth it though. Keep playing keep building keep creating!"
,Not Recommended,282560,32773710,Posted: 25 June,all,Kafaerus,Just don't buy it.  It would not be even worth the download if it was free.
76561198022185984,Not Recommended,282560,22181630,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kingof kings,atm i do not buy it i have dual 970 and a 5820k the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥i get under 15fps on my 4k monitor which is nasty . i will re buy the game in a few months whenfirst when  its one salesecond they fire the♥♥♥♥♥♥studio thats making it and hire someone else they can a code and b update the people who will buy the more then once every few months . also  this is one step above a crap consle port well not really about the same level while i was typeing this .edit 4/5/16 refund is now in for this mess do not buy unless you have a dam ibm super computer  getting 15 fps on sli 970's with sli working is sad to be the least
76561198082618640,Not Recommended,282560,22364890,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,fhuard,"By far, the worst game that I have bought! What the heck guy? Why selling a Beta game full of bugs at 59.99$?? The controls are horrible and seriously this is a waste of time."
76561198275516756,Not Recommended,282560,22269992,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,daan.v.hooff,the game keeps crashing. I can't even start  a park. I sent a mail to atari but they didn't aswer. DONT BUY THIS GAME
76561198181364538,Not Recommended,282560,23549911,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,benjpoli,"Played the game for 100 minutes (20minutes after you account for the lag, buffering, loading, ect) I had major trouble with pathing as it fustrated me along with the building style for coasters. the game was jumpy like it was continually trying to catch up and my frame rate was utterly rediculous. Alot to be fixed but i think im moving on this was just to hard to deal with and i have found another coaster builder that gives me much more freedom of imagination. RCTW cheers."
76561198072501772,Not Recommended,282560,26747970,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TBDubb,Roller Coaster Tycoon is the game that made me realize that gaming can be fun. i was obsesed with RCT from the first game from chris sawyer! This version on the other hand is a discrace to the franchise... I have never played PLANET COASTER but i reccomend you play that one and dont even bother with this.. its heart breaking really... this game had such potential... Rest in Peace RCT... you are deeply missed
,Not Recommended,282560,27789198,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,joevitale78,Roller coaster Tycoon is awful. The game should not have been released in the state in it was in. The Developers should be ashamed for delivering a product that is absolutely plagued by bugs and looks 10 years old. Planet coaster even in its early stage was far more Superior than Roller Coaster Tycoon world. The developers should have taking notes of a planet coaster was turning out to be and just scrapped it and start over with Roller Coaster Tycoon world. Don't waste your time or money. Planet coaster as far superior and I strongly recommend Planet coaster over Roller Coaster Tycoon world.
76561198090688429,Not Recommended,282560,24878222,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CoasterChimp,What a wasted opportunity this game was. It looks pretty in places but the UI is awful compared to the classic RCTs that have gone before.  Going back to RCT3!
,Not Recommended,282560,27805071,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dj.adam.r,I Want a refund! this is a bs game which is nothing like how it was advertised.
76561198083238576,Not Recommended,282560,24859161,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,danmaxic,"running very slow, has lot of bugs, not responsive,why in the control menue they got several types of control (buttons) designs? this making the user confusing"
,Not Recommended,282560,26752861,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,michaelrh04,"I really wanted to like this game. RCT3 had been such a hit for me, and I have and still do enjoy it. I really wanted this game (RCTW) to continue this fantastic franchise - and so, I bought it. Sure, it has it's positives here and there, yet the majority of the game is negative. I do not recommend this game - however I do believe that with a long, hard revamp there might still be some potential in it. Why?Mainly because the few positives are excellently done. The coaster builder itself is fantastic, completely customizable and it the coasters look great too! If the game was redesigned I sincerely hope that this is one aspect of the game they keep, as I can tell some real thought has gone into it. The physics engine is also decent and does complement the coaster builder well. In my opinion the customizability of this coaster builder and the features of the coaster builder are far more advanced then the current state of Planet Coaster's rollercoaster designer.However, the rest of the game is seriously lagging behind when compared to Frontier's Planet Coaster. The framerate is TERRIBLE. I have many games with much better graphics that RCTW and yet they can achieve up to 6 times the framerate I get here - i've never exceeded 10fps in RCTW while I mantain roughly 50fps in Planet Coaster. Graphics - even on the highest setting - struggle to compete in appearance with Planet Coaster's ""medium-low"". The peeps look like they were designed by 8 year-olds and there is no real variation in them. When zoomed out the peeps glide along the ground and ARE NOT ANIMATED! The number of original coaster types in Planet Coaster also seems more realistic, while Planet Coaster's scenery options and variation beats RCTW by a long way. The main menu of RCTW is disgusting, as is the User Interface.This game needs an urgent, complete revamp. In that unlikely scenario, I'll consider changing my review.Until then?Buy Planet Coaster. It's so much better - and probably what you were actually looking for."
,Not Recommended,282560,24397703,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Aaron8181,Game is unplayable due to paths never working or saying they can not go there when they can.
76561198111616393,Not Recommended,282560,29318345,Posted: 17 January,all,*Omega*,I am disapointed do not buy
,Not Recommended,282560,29952242,Posted: 15 February,all,ggHenschel,"This is a Bad Game, that wanted to like.  I bought this game in Early Acess despite the coments. My opinion if you're a fan of Roller Coaster Tycoon, keep with the older ones. If you just want to build Rollercoaster I'm sure you can find a better game out there.PROS:+You can really custumize and plan your Rollercoaster.+Still feel like a Tycoon Game.CONS:-Very High Learn Curve on Control-Almost every Map Feels Like the Same-Lacks in content-Heavy PC loads"
76561198295817391,Not Recommended,282560,26648772,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,kerstin,I was so excited for this game to come out I prepaid for it.  I loved the other 2 versions and I was so disappointed with this game.  First all it caused errors and I a solid coloured screen so I had to find fixes in the settings so it would even display.  The game lags and the interface is horrible.  I still haven't figured out how to put down sidewalks in a straight line and there is little to no tutorials or explanations for anything!I tried playing it 3 times and gave up.  Complete waste of money!  It's not the old RTC it's just garbage!
76561198323933307,Not Recommended,282560,24907386,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,lleonie,This game is not working at all on my computor.  I want my money back
76561198197608811,Recommended,282560,23804110,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mick_peerdeman,"First impressions look promising!, Tried the first campain and the freedom the player has while building coasters and finaly being able to turn your buildings and paths 360 degrees is amazing. Decorations and graphics look great, the grid is very usefull for lining out your path's and decorations and the day and night rythm (with lights going on and off) looks good aswell. Just like everyone here i think that they've released the game a little early because for me the price is a bit high for what you get atm, but what's currently in game looks good and i think they've really thought things trough.Although i have found a major issue: My save game wont load (stuck at 27%), and some minor issues: Rough translation mistakes, little glitchy onride cam (only happened a few times out of a dozen rides and getting on and off fixes it), not being able to place lanterns/lights onto paths that are in the air does botter me a little though you can raise the ground i suppose.It is early acces, and i expected a few problems but i do really enjoy the game so far and i like all the possibilities and freedom the player has. Please keep going like this, and it might be able to become an amazing game (won't beat the nostalgia of the first and second rtc game, but still :p)"
76561198019624675,Not Recommended,282560,23892577,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,albin.tornblad,when i picked a map and waiting for it to start it allways stops at 52%. Does someone know how to fix this or is it only for me to wait and hope for the best??
,Not Recommended,282560,28109911,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hudine,It's rubbish. I bought it because I've always loved the fancise but this was a huge disapointment.
76561198021183426,Not Recommended,282560,31815555,Posted: 17 May,all,Zeke,This isn't a roller coaster tycoon game sorry it just isn't Roller coaster tycoon was my first game I bought myself on PC. WAY back I think in the 90s if I'm not mistaken. This isn't even close to Roller Coaster tycoon 1
,Not Recommended,282560,22249680,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Coasterfreak,wish i could refund this pile of shit
76561198290410998,Not Recommended,282560,28259332,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,davies3,"Played twice. Gltichy. Tried to play again, and despite uninstalling both the game and steam, and re-installing them both, the game won't load and hasn't done for the past 5 days. On top of that, the time played says 8 hours and last played yesterday which is wrong. Refund requested, but will probably end up just cancelling my steam account."
76561198042193579,Not Recommended,282560,29721579,Posted: 5 February,all,Timon CSGOjoe.com hellcase.com,"It's crashing all the time...FFS... Not 60,- worth!"
76561198107570961,Not Recommended,282560,22159273,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Zz-aRdCoRe,I wouldnt even call this an early build.... more like pre-alpha
76561198140466161,Not Recommended,282560,23279399,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,justpickupyourhornandblow,"terrible in every way, they took everything bad about RCT 3 and made this worse they even changed ""quit"" game to ""escape"" because that is what you will be doing trying to escape this terrible garbage. Even the most basic controls like moving the camerea about the park requires you to hold shift and use the arrow keys while juggeling the mouse."
,Not Recommended,282560,23284007,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,BluShroom20,"The development of this game has been a rollercoaster of high intensity and nasuea. Originally intended to be released late 2015, they have switched to releasing it now as early access. For many (including me), the game suffers from performance problems. I do want to see if the game is improving, but I'm still behind a performance wall. Many have given up on this game and looked towards some similar alternatives (like revisiting the older games), but a small sliver of me is still curious about the fate of this game.When I'm able to play this game to a better extent, I'll re-review it. But for now, don't buy it (especially for such a high price).Update Nov. 17th: I can't review a game I still can't play. Don't make the mistake I did and avoid buying this game."
76561198108616304,Not Recommended,282560,22334730,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,absolutelyflawlessR,"Hi Guys,I would really love to have given this game a thumbs up but i really can't.Much has been said in all other reviews. In the end, this game has too much issues.If you can wait a while for a mayor update of this game, please do. Its unplayable at the moment.Too bad Frontier left the 'RCT Park'."
,Not Recommended,282560,22274505,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sehra Novosveric,"Don't even bother getting this.There's not a single sniff of the original RCT feeling to be found anywhere.It feels more like a design concept than a game.The amount of stuff broken is mind blowing. (granted it's early access but still - read next line)The original release date was gonna be around now (Q1 2016) and suddenly it's early access? It doesn't even feel like it left pre-alpha!As a matter of fact, this might be the first I'm probably gonna refund.Play RCT 1, much better than whatever this was supposed to be."
,Not Recommended,282560,24588544,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,alfredovarela,nop
,Not Recommended,282560,22275897,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,dani'z,Just no
76561198319109443,Recommended,282560,27264805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dantremblay,"After logging over 100 hrs of Alpha and Final I have come to the conclusion that RCTW is mo where near as bad as being spoke of here. Methinks most reviewers that are looking for a RPG mode. Of course I am in my seventies and have the patient of a saint which helps when you are building frames for the shops. If you take your time and learn the little twists and turns the game is  kind of fun. I have built and destroyed several parks already and am learning more each time I have played. Too be fair, it isn't as good as the Frontier model, I also have, and that is probably why most people dislike RTCW. The Frontier game plays and redesmbles the former RCT 3D.I find that coaster building is easier on RCTW.Don't hate the game until you have dspent some time on it.PS The Frontier version terrain feature is fantastic compared to this one."
,Not Recommended,282560,22299733,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Matryoshka,"The game chrashes every time I remove something, and the framerate is extremely low. 0/10 would not reccomend again."
76561198073968786,Not Recommended,282560,22262807,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Stauf,This game is ♥♥♥♥ed.  Can be fun if you enjoy blowing ♥♥♥♥♥es up with ♥♥♥♥ed up roller coasters.  Not worth more than $10.
,Not Recommended,282560,25301796,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lammmf,"Well the game isnt as bad as most people think untill your game gets to around 5 tiles. when its past 4 or 5 tiels and you try to reaload the save it takes forever. (15 mins before i decided to give up. This is on an intel i7 processor with 32gb of ram and an Nvidia quadro m6000 graphics card).In my oppinion the rollercoaster tycoon seris was grate untill atari decided to create roller coaster tycoon 4 for mobile and this junk.From a game developer that works in unity, atari you have just made your second game that would have caused the games insustry to crash. if this was a disc based game i am sure it would have been burid allong side ET! oh and atari this time dont try and blame it on you changing the name from atari 2600 to 5200!currently would not buy this game."
76561198191810314,Not Recommended,282560,23021974,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,American Idiot,"Sorry for the hate, but I really liked the previous game (RCT3) way better than this. I expected RCTW to be fun and amazing, but instead I had something that I couldnt have fun with. The controls are hard, too. D:"
76561198046718292,Not Recommended,282560,26739686,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,adrian187,blows
76561198132707808,Not Recommended,282560,23258773,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Electric Bones,"The Game Is Really Laggy , Im On Dell So This Might Be Different For Other Players ... Terrible Mechanics!"
,Not Recommended,282560,22366872,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MayoFlux,"Way to buggy to enjoy.  The people in the park look like hell, bug eyed and stiff.  Park music get old really really fast.  graphics are not that great for 2016.  Lots of hard edges in the models.  Camera movement is not that intuitive but easy once you get used to it.  Very limited in the management options.  Yes, it does say early release, but if this is what is to be expected save your $50."
,Not Recommended,282560,27378436,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,syfysoldier,Horrible and a disgrace to the name RollerCoaster Tycoon! Whoever rushed this slow and broken garbage and called it this so people would buy it should be out of the job and never to work on another game!
76561198047602503,Not Recommended,282560,22347550,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mclarge90,the lag. THE LAG.LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAG. honestly making this impossible to play
,Not Recommended,282560,26700758,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,w8erbahn,The worst theme park simulation game on the market!
76561197979359209,Not Recommended,282560,18831130,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,PupDakota,"I can't even leave feedback because the beta crashes... I get its a beta but come on Atari... There are too many problems to list with this beta.  I hope you get everything worked out for the release. Did Atari even try to play thier own beta? I certainly wonder if they are having the same problems as us. Please take your time to get it right. We'll be waiting. This beta is a step in the wrong dircetion. From what I could get out of it before the crashing was not great. Can't build or bank a coaster without it saying ""its too steep"". I've spent maybe 10 hours trying to experence the beta. I typically get 5 to 20 mins into it before it crashes.  I wonder how Planet Coaster is doing? If the final realse isn't cleaned up Atari might have just killed roller coaster tycoon. This peep is leaving"
76561197999652350,Not Recommended,282560,25303522,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,reggie555556,Want a refund this game is awful why is it still in early access >:(
,Not Recommended,282560,27575394,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crazedgamer126,I bought this when it was an early access and i was fooled to think it was gonna get better... GET PLANET COASTER
,Recommended,282560,18804338,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Oversight99,"Wonderful new coaster editor. Weekend 1 was a bit rough, I look forward to seeing what it becomes as it is refined."
,Not Recommended,282560,23051445,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ASmartGoat,"Loved Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 and 2?This is like that, but in 3d and not fun at all."
76561198159843853,Recommended,282560,22332392,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,rynebecker02,"Just stop it with the bad reviews, get off your high horses and realize what this game is.  Most of the people that are freaking out about it and saying how terrible it is are just not paitent enough to put a little time into and figure out how it works.  Also it's a simulation game for theme parks, not Medal of Honor.  It's a game who's target audience is much younger then most of those playing it right now.  People playing it right now are people that have been playing RCT3 for 10 years, know it backward and forward and were dealing with a game that has three updates.  This is not that yet and if that's what you're looking for then go back to playing RCT3 and stop trying to kill a game that shows a lot of promise, just give it a little time.  Last point, to the people complaining that you are basicallly paying to test ouf a game welcome to reality.  Why should a company pay someone to do it when they can get people to pay them to... duh.  If you don't like it don't do it but stop complaining about it.  This game is much better then it is getting credit for and I believe that in time it will be truly great."
,Recommended,282560,18800194,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mana,"Im not sure why steam allows people to review the game in beta.  Upon downloading this game I did have some difficulties getting it to start (This should be fixed by the release) and there are some lag issues.  I believe the lag issues are because of the preset graphics settings for the game during beta.  People are getting all upset about little problem like these that may easily be fixed by an options menu.  It took me about an hour or two to get used to the controls, and before that this game was frustrating and unappealing to me.  After I mastered the controls of this beta the game became much more enjoyable and appealing.  Having played all three of the previous games this one deffinetely seems like it could be a step up in the future.  Many people are rating this entire game off of the first betas seeminly confusing rollercoaster builder.  I gaurentee you a good portion of the negative reviews are people who just cant move there mouse correctly.  After playing this game for 4 hours and recording 3 videos, here is my pros and cons chart.Pros:-Great vertex system of building the tracks.-New path system is great despite the fact that being symetric is nearly impossible.-Graphics are a huge step up from rollercoaster tycoon 3-Interface-New rollercoaster testing results guiCons:-No options in the first beta (really... this would have fixed a lot of people's problems)-No tutorial-No way to change or learn controls-Overly shaky when riding some rollercoaster (tends to make my head hurt)-Peeps sometimes just stop going on your rides (understandable con since the peeps are not finished yet)-Coaster Building was the main aspect of this beta, so all of the coaster settings should be available.Overall, this game is great to play and despite very little being available this beta I have yet to run out of things to do."
,Recommended,282560,18803293,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rjinswand,"First Weekend Beta -Giving this a thumbs up because I feel bad that the final product rating is taking a bashing because a load of 12 year old kids don't know what ""beta"" means.Yes, this beta is pretty sparceYes, the coaster building needs some tweekingYes, people are having compatability issuesYes, there are no graphical optionsThis is the point of a beta! Don't rate down the game, report the bugs along with system specs! Don't play the beta as a demo, play it as a tester!"
,Recommended,282560,18837303,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ScottWhatSolo,"Updated for EA release.Game is all good but there are a few issues that should be sorted by the time it is fully complete don't be fooled by the crazy amount of negative feedback its getting, some are genuine and some are abit longed out getting an unfinished product after waiting so long but a huge amount is just people comparing and bashing it because of PC.Pros --Coaster builder is really cool and much more stable compared to the beta. It does take some getting used to but once you've mastered 1-4 the creations you come out with look epic.-Tycoon elements are kind of there setting the price for rides and entry is key to staying on top and not going into debt.-Map looks great and they are really fun to build on. The devs have already said a flat map mode will be added but I'm pretty happy with the 3 already here.-Decor also really cool will be good once there is alot more but whats here looks sweet and it can really make your park look cool.-Other rides the time and attention put in is noticable they look really good especially compared to RCT3.-UI, I get loads of people don't like it but I've not had any issues other than one thing but I'll put it in the cons it was by no means a deal breaker though.-Build a massive coaster and pay after is a really good move can really help push time along just building some beast and not having to pay for the completed ride until you wish to open it. Was always long running out of money back in RCT2,3.Cons--Alot is missing, some might feel ripped off paying so much for what you get and how unstable it can be at times.-Glitchy I've had peeps all spawn by the entrance after loading. I've had my money drop at 10,000 a second after the heat tab bugged out, not sure if this is a bug but cant seem to build anything beyond zero depth if I put a coaster drop at -1 depth it will always crash.-Unstable only at times I would build a few coasters and Ill start to get major slow down it goes back to normal speed after a while but it does remind you your playing a early access game.-Some plants vanish from view if you go more than 1 foot away from them it might sound silly to some but after spending a few hours making some sick flower display it can really grind your gears that its all invisible when zoomed the slightest bit out!-UI only issues I have is with the heat panel it makes me go minus in money other than this one thing its all good.-Peeps getting bored of rides it sounds like a really good idea to put this in but it just ends up making sure you will always fail. After 9 years in game time no one other than the odd one or two peeps would ride anything in the first 3 zones of my map they desperately need to add a scenario maker and add the option to restrict what % peeps will get bored at so they never fully find any ride boring.-Lack of management for any in park services. This is something they said they will be working on but it is something that needs to be sorted asap not one of my 100+ mechanics would fix the circus and there is no way to find them or set them to do a task or even give them a radius in which to patrol. I'm not feeling just put down a building and hope they are working, it does not work.-No colour change tab for any of the pre build family, junior and thrill rides they look good but dont see why this isnt just a normal feature.-Long load times its not a deal breaker for me but in this day and age any long loading screen is a con.Things that need to be added please --Smaller rollercoaster entrances.-More decor, rides and shops.-Being able to build rides through mountains and at minus depth and maybe tunnels in water?-Camera to take peeps pictures on rides was surprised this wasn't in the build panel.-Scenario maker just like the one RCT3 had would be sweet.-Staff tab and general commands just like the previous game would work fine.-Balloons that float off and the ability to pop the kids ones to ruin there day.-Water rides, gokart rides, zoo stuff and water world stuff im sure it'll all come but want to be able to build an epic gokart track again soon.-More music and themes.-Option added to sandbox mode to set starting money if the scenario maker takes too long to come.- Map grid mode improvements. Just put the grid over the whole map and let it change size as it does now just over the whole map. Its not bad how it is but it can be off putting at times all moving about.OverallIt's a really fun game as is but I will look forward to all the updates, it might have awful reviews but dont be put off by them. It will freeze on occasion and it is a little glitchy but so are loads of EA games. People need to be more patient and stop bashing it and filling the forums up with comparison discussions. I'm sure PC is a great early alpha too but the only thing RCTW have done diffrent is put it on steam in EA instead of releasing through there site.I've already had a load of fun with what's here and I can see myself playing this for days on end.7/10 - based off of EA quality and features-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Original beta review)The beta is a frustrating experience for anyone who loves the originals. Its completely different to what where use to and building a coaster can seem like more of a crazy hard mission than fun I was going in thinking it would be RCT3 with better graphics, controller support and the tools to finally be able to build diagonal with my paths and all over the place with my rails but its not!You can do all this but it feels odd and hard and nothing like RCT3 but this is why its going to be so great. I only played for a tiny amount of time but now I see how fresh this is and what it could possibly be on launch.I never remembered playing RCT2 and smashing it first park and when I got around to smashing RCT3 I thought the 3D jump was unneeded and looked messy but after a few hours you get sucked in and all becomes well and good and after plating this dodgy beta Im sure it'll have that same effect.I have faith in Atari and the other teams behind this, I may not of been as buzzed playing the beta as I thought I was going to be but Im now more hyped for that finished product. Looking forward to learning how everything works and building my own park with all these changes to an already great franchise.Pros in beta -- Everything was different to what I assumed it was going to be like.- Looks pretty.- Coaster freeform although hard was fun.- Decor looked crisp- That Atari provided a beta.Changes if not already in the pipeline -- Day and night cycle far to fast please get the balance RCT3 had.- Camera seemed over wonky in the coaster builder mode half the time my mouse was off screen and I couldn't see clearly where to place my coaster because I had to be zoomed so far out. (Im sure this is just a beta issue)- Map size seemed small because the coasters have to be so huge to work, hope this was just a beta map size and not all where getting.- Controller support seemed useless I gave up after 10mins just remove it.- More coaster stats, would be cool to see speed and g-force while placing rail.- better UI and sort something out about holding SHIFT and scrolling to change rail tilt and height, It felt annoying and would just change the camera height half the time. Just let it be a 1 click process like click the height rail button now scroll to change height then click to place and click the change height button again to go back to just normal rail placement. (Maybe my keyboard was giving me the run about on this one but either way the 1 click process should be a thing)Overall will look forward to playing the next beta but more importantly I cant wait to be playing the full game and losing days to the graft of building the mega coaster."
,Not Recommended,282560,22159612,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Neon-NS,"This feels like a completely different kind of game to me, and it's not worthy of being part of the Roller Coaster Tycoon Series. Relative Lack of Rides to choose from, Extreme lack of any music to add to your rides, All the music is boring, You cannot decide where to place ride entrances and exits, Roller Coaster Stations are fixed to a certain size and look, and the rides default names have been given stupid names instead of their actual names, for example: The Gravitron is now called Gravity Flux, and the Motion Simulator is now ""Space Wars"".Nvizzio Creations claimed to bring the fans something fun and something every Roller Coaster Tycoon fan would love, They Have FAILED, I am not impressed with this 4th Installment at all.Roller Coaster Tycoon World is very alienating to anyone who's much more familiar with the first 3 PC installments because it feels like a completely different kind of theme park simulator than what i expected out of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series. I am serious when i say this: Stick with the first 3 Installments, Roller Coaster Tycoon World became very boring very fast and very alienating to me as a fan of the Roller Coaster Tycoon Series. It is not worthy of being part of the Roller Coaster Tycoon Series."
,Not Recommended,282560,26636593,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,YouTube | Twisted Knot,This is literally the worst game ever! Unfortunatly the reason i as well as many brought this is because of how good the previous games in the RCT series have been and it seems as if the hype train from previous RCT games was still at full speed! This is NOT a true RCT game. I'm pretty sure this is the worst game i have ever brought besides No Mans Sky. I would 100% recommend to stay clear of this game. If you're looking for a Theme park tycoon game i would 100% suggest Planet Coaster.
,Not Recommended,282560,26636640,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Nico,"Bought this a long time ago with high hopes, and in all honesty it just hasn't done the franchise justice. I kept giving it a chance since it came into Early Access (which was nothing more than a way to cash in during the delayed release.As a fellow developer I can understand how hard they've worked to live up to the hype in such a short amount of time, the problem is with Atari. I can't help but feel sorry for Nvizzio, but it will no doubt be the developers that take blame.As with all other reviews, the true follow up to the RCT series comes from the developers of RCT3.RCTW is Top Gear with Chris Evans, Planet Coaster is The Grand Tour."
,Not Recommended,282560,33423597,Posted: 9 July,all,leofrench2007,Very laggy and annoying. This is definetly a no-go
76561198112705101,Not Recommended,282560,33408129,Posted: 9 July,all,danielledolfijn2009,"Honestly wouldnt even recommend it is it was free, such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Its rushed doesnt run smootly and generly is just a really bad game. Too bad :("
76561198120393108,Not Recommended,282560,31940069,Posted: 24 May,all,casonradio,"This Game Sucks Balls!!! If you're a fan of the old one dont buy. Dont even look at it, because you will cry.  These guys should be fired and never hired to do a game again. Really??!! You have to beat missions in order to unlock rides for sandbox or free build??? Why did you do this to us?? Why did you have to ruin this game??? Sure it looks better, but the awesomeness of RCT was the freedom and the options!! Also none of the paths work right!!! my word!!!"
,Not Recommended,282560,30781548,Posted: 27 March,all,tmo,i was dissapointed i got this game at lanch and i HATE THE RATING SYSTEM i just dont like it at all i say get planet coaster you'r love it if your thinking about buying this
,Not Recommended,282560,33732993,Posted: 22 July,all,Ultradeath,The amount of crashing this game has is more than any game I've ever had. Its not worth it full price and I'm glad I got it dirt cheap during a sale. Maybe worth $5 of your time.
76561198059088029,Not Recommended,282560,32752709,Posted: 24 June,all,aldure40,"Crashes Way, way way to many times. It is sad that such a great franchise has degraded so far. it had a lot of potential. perhaps if they put some work into the game and fixed all the buggieness it could be playable."
,Not Recommended,282560,33256000,Posted: 4 July,all,Toweliectl,"I have never requested a refund for a game before...until this one.  Never have I seen so much loading time, and multiple game freezes during loading screens.  Every single item or ride I tried to place would freeze the game for 5 seconds.  Even if I chose the same item/ride again it would still freeze for 5 seconds while loading in.I am really saddened that the Roller Coaster Tycoon series has turned into this.  If they decide to release a major patch I might try it again, but from what I am reading, it is doubtful.  Please do not spend your money on this game.  My hardware is 5 years old, but can still run newer titles with few issues at high settings.  No reason this game should run so badly."
76561197970220881,Not Recommended,282560,27269080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kontraxe,"I am quite dissapointed with this product. While the game in itself is great and fun to play, the program is buggy and unstable.For instance : a save game will not load, causing the game to crash or the game gets stuck on loading screen and entering the game world is impossible. More rencently, the game wont event start as it crashes even before the menus.I would also like to point out that the music is not impressive, we are a farcry from RCT 3's ""Summer air"".However, the Coaster editor tools are powerful, intuitive and really fun to use.This game is so buggy, I will definitely try Planet Coaster to see if the grass is indeed greener on the other side."
76561198037302325,Not Recommended,282560,27074812,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Factman,"It breaks my heart to see a game that was loved by so many for years come to this. I anticapated this release. I supported this release. I posted suggestions for improvements early in the alpha in hopes that this would be a game that redefined a genre. It appears that Atari put earplugs and blinders on and said, how can we make this un playable for a serious tycoonophyl. Some of the early requests I remember were simple ones. In fact, the one I remeber seeing most was just auto tunnel the stupid coasters, which is still not an option, and no matter how hard you try, you can't bring the ground up and over any track or path. I am utterly dissapointed in the end result and don't see any hope for improvement. If I could get a refund I would, but alas, I preordered and alpha'd. It's a horrible game in its current form. They shattered my hopes of an awesome addition to the series so profoundly that it may have cured me of preordering anything (I did alpha Planet Coaster and it turned out awesome). So cudos to Atari for ruining, for me, what was my favorite sim series of all time. They are the people who killed Kenny. (you know what goes here)............. Don't waste your cash. Buy Planet Coaster......"
76561198191488175,Not Recommended,282560,18812545,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,LuckyM,"I bought this game beacuse it is supported by korean language. But there was no completely korean language support!! 'Hello(in korean).' -> #!@#!@$#% like this.There was just 'Gameplay', 'Option' like simple things was translated.Mission  panel was not translated!!Japanese and Chinese, other languages was completely supported...Are you kidding me??At first, they said apply for korean language but they erased the korean supporting mark without word.This is fraud!! I want get a refund!!"
,Not Recommended,282560,22148144,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Venngeance,"You have no right to call this a RCT game. It's like Atari took the Rollercoaster Tycoon francise, screwed it up into a little ball, set that ball on fire, ate the ashes,♥♥♥♥♥♥the ashes out and then proceeded to burn it all over again.AND THAT'S BEING KIND.Seriously, this is not the Rollercoaster Tycoon game we WANTED OR DESERVED.*crawls back into hole to praise Braben and the Beefiest of Chiefs*"
76561198050051996,Not Recommended,282560,22154434,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Anny,"I really wanted it to work, I wished it deeply but in the end...I don't even know where to begin. Of course my computer isn't a true gem, with a 660m and 8go of RAM, but I tough it met all the required needs to run smoothly. I had to put the game at low, and even then 30-20 FPS max... I was really dissapointed, it was still playable but enjoyable less...Now more about the game and the gameplay itself. You take RCT3 and you reskin it, even with less fun than RCT3 and you get that game. It's realllly unfinished, but even for an early access not only it lacked of content but you can feel the strugglings of brillant and less brillant ideas that the different stages of this game developpement had to pass by. The HUD is decent but not all the menus are clear. The statistics are really neat but in the end rather unexploited. There was many bugs with the pathway system, and quite frankly it became frustrating and boring to fight with the game itself.Not that it lacked of great idea but the feeling of testing and indev version of the game made me regret my hopes and seeks for nostalgia as well as refunding the game. Honnestly, maybe in a year it will be worth some money but not yet."
76561198080094778,Not Recommended,282560,32663596,Posted: 22 June,all,Enterprise T,"I bought RCTW in the Summer Sale and have since returned it.The main menu immediatly had a ""Sims"" feel too it, but lacked the polish of a AAA title. Hard to put a finger on, but it just didn't match the feel of the previous titles. Even moreso than 3. Feedback when clicking around was poor. The visuals, even on the menus, were not snappy and clicking feels bad.Launching the game worked on my new high-end laptop, but as soon as the game loaded It became clear moving around how big a departure this effort was. Not a bad thing per-say, but at the end of the day the mechanics did not feel tight and snappy, and the enhanced interfaces that make the game so powerful (a major plus) were not executed to a polished final game level. Moving around is clunky, the tutoral screens are jumpy, full screen loading page art jumps, and the mechanics for building are not polished and are jumpy and unforgiving.I would never return a $5 game for these reasons though. The reason I reurned it was it became clear that certain inflexibilities in the game design would prohibit the free play that made previous titles great, and bugs and odd ux designs made being creative and building great coasters painfully slow, despite the ability to technically do much more. For example, when searching in a text box, certain letters on the keyboard would not type but instead perform their hotkey functions, jumping out of the menu I was typing in and modifying the park. Hotkey rejection in a text box is basic programming. Lots of other legitimate bugs like that that robbed my short experience of any of the joy of the previous titles (even 3 which was great, despite high computer requirements for the time)."
76561198201337854,Not Recommended,282560,22167043,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,gnnr4life,"Awful, just awful.  I've played every rct since day one.  I'd imagined it would be hard to do worse than RCT 3 but they managed to pull it off.  I don't want to hear excuses that it is early access and everything else.  This games been delayed 2 years!!!The who system is clunky,  There are way too many key prompts to efficiently make coasters.  The paths don't snap together well, and it ends up being a mess.  The peeps are boring and have no detail.  I played for 56 minutes according to steam, and I quickly left and asked for my refund.   I had such high hopes for this game, and they fell short. Very Short."
76561198154378440,Not Recommended,282560,22167643,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,яуαиωα5н3яє,This game is terrible. I could not even place a path without it lagging. Fix this game or give me the 50$ I spent back.
,Not Recommended,282560,29580019,Posted: 29 January,all,Qwiglee,"The game itself is good and I built some nice things but once your park reaches a decent size, the game becomes so laggy it is unplayable. I have built massive parks in Planet Coaster and it is always smooth as silk. I wanted to like RCTW but the devs blew it."
,Not Recommended,282560,29841015,Posted: 10 February,all,jaqulle999,Has a long way to go to be a playable game. Plays like it is pre-alpha.
76561198092902540,Not Recommended,282560,30144167,Posted: 24 February,all,darkestbooks,"Overall a good game, totally different from their past Roller Coaster games, with unique ideas and decent graphics. However, if you play for the visually aspect of the park like myself, many glitches will ruin this aspect. Still a great game, but would recommend saving often in case one of these glitches catches you."
,Not Recommended,282560,30645931,Posted: 20 March,all,Lego90210,"As said before in other reviews, Best Planet Coaster Simulator 2017? So far... still."
76561198054726291,Not Recommended,282560,30740300,Posted: 25 March,all,SloppyDangle,"Right now I am giving it a thumbs down. Mechanics are in alpha stage. Optimization is weak. Countless bugs and glitches. Currently cannot even start the game, just gives me a windowed black screen - tried reinstalling and verifying the game, still doesn't work. It CAN be a good game, but right now it needs loves and attention. Please respond back to this review if you know how to fix the start-up problem. Thanks."
76561198276280602,Not Recommended,282560,28583723,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jjohnnyboy112,"i generally do not post reviews on games since most games you get what you pay for. Sadly I was suckered into the lies. Atari did an absolute horible job on this game. A franchise i loved for years and spent hours playing has officially died. Atari made many promises that they did not keep...Release dates, optimization, features. As an early release i can understand having issues but to still have so many bugs and just go ahead and release it anyway is the same as stealing if you ask me. Atari should realy start listening to its cusomters or it will be just a memory like so many other developers. lots of updates huh....wheres the transport rides...wheres the bug fixes. oh well just chalk it up as a waste of money and move on to the new leader in coaster games Planet Coaster."
,Not Recommended,282560,26636355,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Francisco Patrão,This is the most disapointing rct game ever !I feel so sad about all of this.
76561198272002534,Not Recommended,282560,32010499,Posted: 27 May,all,katlynmedlock,This game in my opinon makes all the Roller Coaster Tycoon series look like a joke. You were headed the right direction when creating RTC3 but then really BOMBED at this game. The graphics are like if i was playing the Android version and really wasnt very customizable like rtc3 and of course this game has no real compititon when it comes to Planet coaster. I loved every one of Ataris RTC series and this one i would have to say i really strongly recommend choosing something more fun. You really let us down this time ATARI
76561198389395598,Not Recommended,282560,32035623,Posted: 28 May,all,N3wport,"I am so thouroughly disappointed in this game. I was looking forward to the release of this game and was anticipating the game play due to my experience with previous titles. However, when I began to play I realized that the game was crap. Slow, glitchy, and not well designed. I wish i would not have spent my money. This game is a disappointment to the franchise."
,Not Recommended,282560,22149921,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Footsie Slapfight,"I can't say I'm hating it.. and I understand it's in early access for a reason. The AI could be better, and the forced tutorial in the campaign is what started to turn me off of this game. It really isn't complicated enough to force something like that. I see where the developers are going, and how they plan to make that leap, but for now it feels like city skylines with rollercoasters. I'll play for a bit longer, and I don't expect rollercoaster tycoon 2 to make a come-back, but the gist of the matter is overcomplication for little pay-off."
76561198027977652,Not Recommended,282560,22151612,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Have A Parsnip,"Good game shame about the lag. Been playing for about two hours the lag was getting worse over time. Seems to be a memory leek or something going on as it gets worse as I said the longer you play was dropping down to 5fps in the end. My pc should be able to run the game 3 times over i have i7 4770k, 8gb ram, ssd, gtx970"
76561198008900293,Not Recommended,282560,22150964,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jasper,"So now that I've seen the game in its full release, I must confess it's hardly any different from the beta. It's still quite crap.The good things I can comment on are the graphics. Graphics are very nice. When you test a rollercoaster it shows where on the track the speed, excitement, and everything changes and I have a feeling most of the work of this game went into the rollercoaster physics. This is where the good ends and the trouble begins.I'll start off lightly, the animations are still a little derpy on the guests. The mascots can look a bit creepy. But then let's get into more detail. There is almost no customization unless you use the steam workshop, but even then, there's just very little you can do with the rides, stalls, and staff. UI for the whole thing is a bit complicated and a steep learning curve. Things are a bit difficult to place as well and building paths is really crummy. You can't even have compact queue paths or curved queue paths. Guests seem a bit difficult to please as well. The waterphysics are bad, too. It's like a goop rather than water. The edges of the water aren't flat, they're round as if you've placed a very thick slime. Even the lake in the default forest map is overflowing and rounded out.There's just very little to do with the game and it feels very lacking. A few years of development and we get what feels more like a demo rather than a full release. Don't bother with this, go buy planet coaster if you want a good 3D park game."
,Not Recommended,282560,22149847,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MushyMafia,"Ok it's early acces and you know wasnt expecting that much, but really my expectation were low becuse the anounced the date a coupes days before the 30th and this was meant to come out in december, if theis came out in december GOD knows how bad it would of been, this hasnt evan got half the stuff planet coaster has and that was anounced weeks ago, come on guys pick it up we want a good game not a game thats utter crap:    would recomend to get now maybe in near future"
76561197964036782,Not Recommended,282560,22150209,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Professor Chaos,"I simply cant get higher than 20FPS and its just not good enough :(im running:AMD FX 8120 3.10 GHz8Mb Patriot Memory DDR3 @ 1,598 MHzMSI Nvidia GTX 670Windows 10 64 BitI simply cant handle the low frames, its a game breaker, The random mouse problems seemed to be caused by my joystick and rudder pedals being picked up as inputs (a commmon problem to be honest) but still the game is not enjoyable to play as it chugs along.Good luck with the development and good luck if you can play this at a decent frame rate. I certainly cant."
,Not Recommended,282560,22150778,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Perifferal,"I honestly hoped this game would be any good, but sadly I cannot for the life of me recommend this game to anyone or their dog.I have had the opportunity to play the game when it was in Beta in November 2015, since I pre-ordered, and honestly, it seems like they have not done anything to improve the game. Surely they made the coasterbuilder a bit better, but rollercoaster tycoon is not ONLY about building coasters. It is about managing your park, and you are are not able to manage it properly.- The game offers a variety of screens that allow you to look at how, and where, you are and aren't making money, but you do not have the control like in previous RCT games.- The game tells you when a ride has been waiting for a long time on a mechanic to fix it when it is broken, but there is no way to find a mechanic. the only thing you can do is build an extra stall and pray that that resolves it somehow. A management game should be about managing your employees, whom seem to be INVISIBLE. How can you manage that?I could go on about this all day, how bad the game performs, lacking BASIC features, misalignment in the User Interface and completely unnecessary differences in ride menus for every single ride, very ugly looking character models, very ugly looking rides, etc. etc.Basically, just don't buy this game, buy one of it's competitors. They are much better."
,Not Recommended,282560,22150851,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dryyskull,"Very disappointed... I expected this game to be much farther along by now. The grid system is really hard to use. The premade roller coasters look like they were made by 3rd graders. Paths are really unintuitive, as is the coaster builder... I recommend planet coaster."
76561198117400771,Not Recommended,282560,22151773,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,KMathyzer,"*Updated Review frrom December*Eh still hard to play, rather boring. Highly recommend Planet Coaster instead, it's the better version of this. Since Planet Coaster is the actual sequel to Rollecoaster Tycoon 3.*Updated Review From May 26* Rollercoaster Tycoon has gone a long way and has gotten a lot better. I still can't recommend it yet, because it still feels bare bones about a lot of it. Mainly doesnt have much customization yet. But it is getting better with every update. At first I figured they would just dump this game out and call it finished, but they are making a lot of good progress. Another six monthes and it might be enjoyable and recommendable.*Old Review From March 30th* This game is easily 1/4th that of Rollercoaster Tycoon 3. There's hardly any customization at all when you build a ride. There's tons of vomit. Like one coaster makes easily 60 to 100 piles. I had  to get like 9 janitors, and they still dont clean up all the vomit. Game is not finished. Practically unenjoyable.As it is an early access game, it is very limited at the moment. Sort of a foundation for a better game that might come eventually. But as of now, I would not recommend it unless you like early access games, and waiting for new updates, watching a bad game grow into something good."
,Not Recommended,282560,22149907,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,[X88]AnonymousClown,"I understand Early Alpha, but with so much time that was already dedicated to this game, this is what you give us so far.  I have been a fan of the Roller coaster Tycoon franchise since day one.  Very disappointed.  The game is super glitchy, for only playing an hour I have had to restart the game 3 times.  It’s unpolished and the animations are terrible.  The overall feel of the game is the designers didn’t agree to a set direction and its shows.  I strongly recommend planet coaster to this."
,Not Recommended,282560,22152836,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Luddos,"I had my expecatations FAR too high for this game. Honestly I know the beta was horrible but this feels even worse than the first beta! Of course it is Early Access but is this all that they've got. I have only 3 hours on record for this game and I am already refusing to play it. First of all my computer is running two GeForce GTX 980Ti's in SLI along with an Intel i7-6700k and I still get lag! Everytime I click on a flat ride to spawn it in, the game lags for a good 10 seconds and resumes. Hell even coaster building is a huge hassle and it is near impossible to build anything with the difficult controls as well as the horrible optimization issues the game has. Trust me, DO NOT buy this game until it is out of Early Access. For now buy Planet Coaster. Planet Coaster is currently in Alpha but the Alpha for that game it better that this entire game in general. So take my word. DO NOT buy this game, buy Planet Coaster."
,Not Recommended,282560,24958069,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MattPlayzGames,Game keeps crashing when loading a saved game and sometimes loading up the game.Had this problem ever since buying it and I kinda wish i never purchased it now.If it is early access make it free or cheaper (wish i had my money back)
76561198088675528,Not Recommended,282560,22152839,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,collericoit1,"To improveIt 'difficult to judge a game in early acces, especially because I do not doubt that will be improved in the future before the final release .... But, here, I was expecting for a long time, and frankly some components could and should in my opinion, you are better managed ... below what goes and what should be improved:POSITIVE:1 The camera controls and in general the gameplay found them intuitive, but the view is cumbersome to manage2 Graphically it is not at the top but it reflects the fairytale style of the series, although it changed the software company, that someone may like3 Fair administrative, functional graphs and summary that you can display with various options that can give depth to the management side.4 It is not as fun as I hopedNEGATIVE:1 Too much speed of movement of the screen characters and amusement rides, carousel horses seemed to have the turbo, I had nausea for my clients.2 Full Economic Charts, as mentioned before, but not at all reflect the real costs that can be expected, the construction of a carousel can not cost $ 600, and a lamppost 4 euro. The daily takings are not at all in line with the monthly report, Nvizzio should review this issue to make it more realistic,3 I find the negative progress of game time, frankly I would have liked days decidedly longer play, in two hours you end up a whole year, much better than a much slower progress, perhaps to last a month what is now the year whole, I think it would be more realisitco, this in my opinion is the most critical.Finally, I do not recommend it because I am a lover of the genre, and this production has disappointed me, even considering that it is in early acces"
76561198422148906,Not Recommended,282560,34941392,Posted: 13 September,all,timrall76,really glitchy and crashed the frist 5 mins in sandbox not enough rides over all a really crapy game and i love roller coaster tycoon but this one sucks and i a waste of money
76561198371598263,Not Recommended,282560,30383113,Posted: 7 March,all,ir8shnightmare92,"Many things need to be improved before id play this again. As someone who plays a lot of rollercoaster tycoon,  I highly recommend number 2 or 3, anyday!"
76561198014968168,Not Recommended,282560,30407474,Posted: 9 March,all,General of Men,just stick with planet coaster this game is not worth the headach
76561198007536569,Not Recommended,282560,26914185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,relk,"I had such high hopes for this game, buying it right when it went into early access,, It was a mess back then and now....  It's still a mess. Nothing like the older RollerCoaster Tycoon games. Even with a  Nvidia 1070 with 16 gig ram the framerates drop to unplayable.. Horribly optimized and i'm shocked that it's actually been released as a finished game. It's garbage."
,Not Recommended,282560,34085287,Posted: 7 August,all,sjoerdherxen,"Buggy on beta.Buggy on release.Still buggy.Bad performence, doesn't really look better then rct3.(buy planet coaster)"
76561198307330265,Not Recommended,282560,33844240,Posted: 27 July,all,ValpoLion,I have not been able to play this game ever. Its been almost a year and it crashes everytime the loading bar gets to 100%
,Not Recommended,282560,31655353,Posted: 9 May,all,topeka999,Why did they have to go and ruin this beloved series? This game is just not good. It takes everything people hated about the previous games and lumps them into a poorly thought out mess. Don't waste your money. I wish I hadn't.
76561198039491051,Not Recommended,282560,22237743,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Gavster725,"well defo not worth the money. well out of scale to the previous versions, controls are crap should be pure mouse not keyboard. You cant build under ground. Rollercoaster tycoon 1,2,3, miles better! Intensity and nausea are always high like extreme rating even on small coasters with one loop in it. its a joke some buildings are massive and shouldnt even be that size. for this game to be any good it needs to be able to do everything that the older versions can."
76561198182980546,Not Recommended,282560,22725156,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tay Swizzle,"As much as i love the series, i know it is still an early access game, but right now (Date 4/30/16) There are a lot of bugs needing to be fixed... i would say if you want to game, wait a while, if it does get better, Which we all hope it does, then buy it... but not right now."
,Recommended,282560,23512581,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,[FFGC/FDC]ロイ脂肪ドラゴ,"Though the game is in early access, this game is good for what it is.there are a few bugs here and thereAnyone who reads this.Get a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of this.If you hate on this game, because of how ""unresponsive"" the game developers are. For the love of god, let them fix the bugs before anything new is added!I've created a game myself in Game Maker and it's not perfect.If you wanted to make a really good game to fill it's purpose, you WILL. And I literally mean, you WILL see bugs during the process. People have been Patronized due to the fact that this is happening."
,Not Recommended,282560,32708129,Posted: 23 June,all,Eucalyptus,"stopbad game, get 1, 2 or 3, those are amazing."
76561198324248961,Not Recommended,282560,30890439,Posted: 1 April,all,jordan.rogers.sr25,well i love the game. have 8 hours into it.game is perfect but as of right now i cant play.game doesnt load. says roller coaster tycoon world is not responding everytime.i have unistalled and reinstalled game still doesn't work.will thumbs up once i am able to play again.
76561198154839639,Not Recommended,282560,32456815,Posted: 15 June,all,MidnightFantasy,"Waste of my money. Planet coaster is 100 times better. Very disappionted,loved rollercoaster tycoon 2 but this version is big let down...."
76561198147209051,Not Recommended,282560,30305913,Posted: 3 March,all,silverkey01,Garbage - crashes all the time - and I have a decent rig...ugh.
,Not Recommended,282560,27232890,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Speedz,"This is not Planet Coaster.1/10 - Atari, get your sh*t together, stop making trash!"
76561198321404012,Not Recommended,282560,30944994,Posted: 4 April,all,hmj88,"The original RTC games were fantastic! This one is just too different not my thing, very disapointed as I waited a long time for an updated game."
,Not Recommended,282560,22150943,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ItsWeirdoTime,"Avoid game below is a revew of beta!!!! tried this game a year later same pc better ram and now ssd and it dont even worki7 3.4 quad16gb ramgtx970 graphicsssd hard driveatari has not lied they have seemed to kept to rollercoaster franchise... only problem is for a game that has advanced so much and for a company that has kept us waiting for so long.... there is for me is no wow factor and no real bonus yes it a ""nice"" beta yes i love the patch on there and i like the having a building for staff... the laying out a rollercoaster is easy ""even tho i always been rubbish at coasters"" and it not utter bad game it just not worth the money it just rct3 with fancier graphicsas you will see if you read through my waffleing on this game is not bad bad but it is just not ""special"" maybe it will be in future but this game as yet has not yet grabbed me and planet coaster even tho is still only in alpha where this is beta and months after its first beta fail it still not grabbed me where as planet coaster has grabbed my imagination it just feels like a modern rollercoaster worldok planet coaster and this game are like comparing battlefield series and black ops we all have our favorites and will never agree it another iphone vs android i played this a little while today even tho it is a fair game i personally feel that even though planet coaster is in alpha and you cannot build a roller coaster yet i will be heading that way atm as i love the building kiosks into building idea and it just for me feels better..... currently in my view at moment if your after a quick theme park game try alpha of parkitect which is a quick but easy game indie style theme park... if your after  a theme park game that easy nice looking and for a bit longer then this is your game.... but if your after using your creativity like theme park with sims then planet coaster is best even though it no where near beta yet... once again the building buildings is brilliant idea already starting to feel like a real theme parki will check this game frequently but in truth needs more the champagne that he was drinkin on the stream maybe he celebrating how we brought the windows 95 of gaming1st april today i tried the rollercoaster builder on planet coaster alpha i got to give this points for the building of a rollercoaster as it sooo much easier and more fluid but remember this is likely to change on both lets see if this ever tempts me over properly"
,Recommended,282560,24015950,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Olyptico,"Despite the many tweaks and bugs that need to be fixed, this is a good game.I instantly was thrown back to the old RCT 1 and 2 days. This is nowhere near as good as though, but this game is well on the way to be that great.The grid system needs to be overhauled. The center of the grid should line up with the entrance of the park. This way one person could create a perfect symmetrical park with the entrance. It always looks off center the way it is not. The grid should perfectly be centered to the park entrance and the edges of the map boundaries.The water and land modifier needs to be overhauled. Water is awful. They need to return to the old system from RCT 1 or 2. The water should just fill a pool instead of acting like a hose. Same with modifying land heights. It should be a click and hold feature. And the brush sizes should be larger and snap to the grid perfectly. Mine were all of square because the grid off square.These are a couple issues I have with the game that others haven't really mentioned. Most people just complain about bugs and optimization so I stayed away from that.The game has probably 30 rides you can use and a lot of food and souvenir booths. Peeps are still buggy, but I think it is still fun to play. Excited to see how this game shapes up in a year.Early Access Score: 6/10Hopefully when this game releases I can give RTC World a better score."
76561198068473052,Not Recommended,282560,29865574,Posted: 11 February,all,ozmezza,"I have played all the RCT games and was a huge fan of the franchise....until now. I have never written a review of ANY game but this game is terrible, I wouldn't recommend it at any price, it's almost unplayable in most aspects. I have gone back to playing RCT3. Extremely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,282560,26746053,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Flufmyhamster,"This game was a huge disopointment.Dont waste your money, go buy Planet Coaster."
76561198119812529,Not Recommended,282560,27334566,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jeffrbeyer,"This game is just unfortunate. Since launch there has been ZERO contact with the devs to fix issues, while Planet Coaster is active with the community, already releasing multiple patches after launch. If you are trying to decide, go with Planet Coaster, the true successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon"
,Not Recommended,282560,23320393,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,OfficialAcadie,"I waited months and months for this product. I purchased it as soon as it came to pre order, played the only alpha weekend (which there should\'ve been two) and hated it. I told myself it was the first alpha and not to worry. But when it was finally released as early access (what kind of game costs 60$ and goes to early access) I played for 3 hours then asked my for money back. Thank you Steam for returning my money to me because I would have been incredibly upset if I had gotten stuck with this game. It\'s nearly unplayable and with each new update I don\'t see the reviews getting any better. I\'m incredibly happy I found Planet Coaster and am now patiently waiting to play that upon full release (and that game has done an exclusive early access for gamers who pay a bit more, BUT the reviews have been phenominal for just the early access so I\'m ridiculously excited!)I was so upset with this game. Roller Coaster Tycoon was the first computer game I ever got into. And as this version stands now RCT 1 or 2 are better than this."
,Not Recommended,282560,31785291,Posted: 16 May,all,Kim Jung Oeps,Best game ever especially the pathing system. atari did a great job firing frontier planet coaster is♥♥♥♥♥♥:)(this whole comment was scarcasm dont buy this game)
76561197999123740,Not Recommended,282560,23512467,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Birdzilla88,"After seeing Planet Coaster, I won't be playing this game anymore."
76561198063110201,Not Recommended,282560,23374312,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Themis,Very laggy. Cluncky controls. Nothing like RCT2 (The Classic)  A real shame the direction they went.  Wish I could get a refund.
,Not Recommended,282560,30076058,Posted: 21 February,all,Rianne764,"It said I had to tell my friends why they should play this game, tbh they shouldn't."
,Not Recommended,282560,28062998,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Advent Echo,"I'm very sad this game didn't turn out so well. At least in Early Access the game was playable. At its current ""Released"" state its unplayable. There is so much lag and stuttering when trying to place any object or build anything in the game. It's odd how it wasn't like this before the official release of the game and now it's just awful. I really wish I could get a refund and get Planet Coaster."
76561198304828692,Not Recommended,282560,24860173,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,starcountry61,Can't get the staff to work.The game is not working i paid $50.00 that the game don't work im up set.Have someone fix it or i want my money back $50.00 Please.
76561197987893864,Recommended,282560,24003989,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GrumpyHEINRICH,"The path building mechanics are annoying compared to previous RCT games; rotating and raising is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and overseeing employees seems to be an impossible task (my three mechanics wouldn't fix any rides, and I had a park full of broken rides and peeps floating around... whaaa!?)Despite the above, and the frustrations encountered thus far, I'm still giving this a thumbs up. There's a lot of potential for this game, and I do hope it keeps getting updated and improved.I haven't encountered any massive glitches thus far, though given the floating peeps and drop in FPS, I'm sure it's not far off. Again, despite this, heaps of potential for this game if they continue with improvements and at present, it's fairly enjoyable if you're a patient person."
,Not Recommended,282560,22227898,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Graphite,I gave this game so much hype and i tried to like it. This game gave me terminal cancer and i had to refund it to help me pay for treatmentsDO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT CANCER
76561197984540485,Not Recommended,282560,22237637,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bavarian_Illuminati,"Love RollerCoaster Tycoon but not this version so far. Its an alpha version so shouldn't be perfect but a very early alpha one. Laggy, bad interface, lots of crashes and so on.... If you want to buy the game do it later, so much work left before we get a decent copy."
76561198306314034,Not Recommended,282560,23391246,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,christopher.e.moy,"I really love the idea of this game, but at this stage this game is just not playable. The paths will drive you crazy as they just dont work. Again from the trailers the game and its concept are amazing, but right now it was a waste of 50 bucks."
,Recommended,282560,24000677,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,King Authority VII,"This game offers everything players wanted that the previous versions did not have. Great graphics, great rides, good coaster builder, nice variety of scenery. This is only early access and the future still has a lot to offer. Most negative reviews are written by people who have no experience at all with the RCT sequels, true fans of the franchise know that this is the best version yet of that theme park game. You have full freedom to make your park the way you like, this is why I love the game and it deserves a total recommendation."
76561198057970844,Not Recommended,282560,23798427,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,tdbell,I love the RCT game. Hell I still play a bit of the origanl every now and again. But this game... It's either got some amazing super high requirments to run; or it simply just laggs behind so much that its just not worth it. I'd not recommend buying this.
76561198098268542,Not Recommended,282560,25359172,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Morolok/Pascal B.,bad.....don't waste your money !!!
76561198320082927,Not Recommended,282560,24887970,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,sam5e33,"I am remaining positive that the team behind this devolpment will have an awesome game in the end. Kudos for the previous games and I hope you can reach your own goals for the RCTW. As for your basic customer , just walk away its only going to agitate you with the many unfixed bugs that will cause you great anger after spending your money. This game is a work in progress looking for gamer feedback and sugestive devolping ideas. Atari will come through, they are good at what they do : )"
76561198049831021,Not Recommended,282560,22629646,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Vunt,"This was a game I really loved as a kid & was one of my first loves, together with Zoo Tycoon & Age of Mythology. So you can guess my level of excitement when I spotted this game was in development, anticipating I would live up to the legacy left behind by its predecessors.Unfortunately after not even 5h in-game I decided to call it.It is nowhere near the level it should be, it’s very clunky, squeezes every inch out of my ultra-high end gaming PC and graphics are, by today’s standards, mediocre at best.However, there is potential in it and I will be sure to follow this up with another review in due time when the final version is released and much needed patches & bug fixes are applied.As the game is today, I would NOT recommend it but I would recommend to wait and see IF this becomes a game worth playing in 6 months or so."
76561197998893545,Not Recommended,282560,22632096,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Promethium808,"Ive been able to play 4 minutes of this game. By play, I mean attempt to load the first campaign and see an immediate crash."
,Not Recommended,282560,24676015,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Chesco,"Calling RTCworld a Béta or Early acces is in my opinion too optimistic.I see this game in the state it is now as a pré-alpha version.That beeing said I truly hope that the developers keep pushing out updates that really make the game better, both technically and in content. At the moment the updates come in a descent pace, one better than the other, but they are at least working on it.Sadly the game needs very, very much work before it will be finished.At this moment I cannot recommend the game, but it has potential. I hope the devs take a look at the competition, and will be motivated to do even better, but they will need to rise the bar much higher to convince me and others. Otherwise this game is doomed to be left in my Library, doing nothing more than beeing a statistic in my gameslist. Bought the game, played it for a short while, but in its current state it simply is not up to the job of keeping me hooked like the first itterations of the game.Fingers crossed and hoping for the best!!!!"
,Not Recommended,282560,29731515,Posted: 5 February,all,Smithed,I want a $60 refund as soon as possible(RCT 1-3 ARE THE BEST GAMES OF ALL TIME)
,Recommended,282560,18780897,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Reckless Tourtuga,"I took a second glance at the game. Not as bad as I first thought, fun actually. After getting used to the spline editor, the game became much more fun. I would recommend this game."
76561197997067389,Not Recommended,282560,23094485,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DawnMage,crash on trying to play the early edition. not a good sign if i cant even try the early edition.tryed also reporting the problem to the propper forum. 1. i could not get in the forum. 2. its way to complicated to report a bug.wold not recomand annyone buying it before final releace. and even then try a demo copy or somthing.
76561198171802157,Not Recommended,282560,25666541,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,(Un)Lucky,dont buy this game! its not worth your money just buy planet coaster so much better than this!
76561198209554843,Not Recommended,282560,22693304,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,jakerose45,very laggy
76561198156346400,Recommended,282560,24375227,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dappletail56,why te hate!? it is good if you like the other ones which i do. 8/10
,Not Recommended,282560,22148574,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Team Elite Storm,ok my review is the FR for the ride the coster is like minecraft and people just float around on the paths no walking and the way i have to use keyboard not just a mouse sucks got to say 6 out of 10 until you guys get it fixed
76561198260687011,Not Recommended,282560,25809626,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,davodirtrider,extreamly upset at this game takes way to long to place things cant color ground like rocks or snow no water rides this game need a quick atatch featcher butting up agenced thing and going under growned come on weve been riped off
76561198323734542,Not Recommended,282560,25694087,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Con4used,Not many pre built rides or rollercoasters to choose from very disapointed.
76561198181118017,Not Recommended,282560,25828771,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,VanillaMilkshake,"This game sucks!! It is terrible, the graphics suck, the controls are confusing, and the people just jump around when your zoomed out. This game is way beyond saving. People dont waste your money on this terrible game and go buy planet coaster it is way better and you'll have much more fun. Now, their are lots of reasons this game sucks. Here are a few. 1. When using the piece by piece track builder and you want to put in an inversion and you want to use one of the pre-made ivesions it will put them underground, What the heack!! Im trying to enjoy this piece of crap the best i can, but when i can't even build a roller coaster with loops then this game should not even be on the market. 2. The path system in this game is terrible! You can't connect the paths straight have the time, again how am I supposed to make a functioning theme park if i cant have good looking paths! 3. The game can't even hit 60FPS. I have a really good computer but i cant even hit 60FPS with this game.4. The camera controlls are terrible. What the heack is up with having q and e to rotate the camera. Why not just use the mouse. 4. The Roller coaster features are terrible. I know i already said stuff about theme but that wasn't even scratching the surface. The coaster cam sucks. It looks like some 6 year old kid made it. I have to click test go into coaster cam exit coaster cam hit test again just to start a test. The piece by piece for the coaster sucks too. It is difficult to use and very limited. 5. Everything looks awful. To the benches to the trees the graphics suck for all of it. Those are just some reasons you sould never buy this game. I don't recomend it. I hope this review helped you befor you wasted your money like me. Thanks atari"
76561198084113590,Recommended,282560,22846008,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,rOCKLE,I've only played this for an hour but so far its okay. It's still early access so there are some bugs but its definetly better than roller coaster tycoon 3. So far I'd say 8/10
,Recommended,282560,25246603,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Robizzo,I'm confused by all the negative reviews. I just bought the game and spent a few hours building a park and rollercoasters etc.. I'm enjoying the game. The camera is smooth and the placement is fairly good. I love the coaster builder in this. It's leaps and bounds above RCT3. I have no trouble linking my track to the station like I did in RCT3 sometimes.IT's not perfect it took me a few minutes to figure out the menu and camera controls. There's a lot missing but I think it will be in the final release. The fences are really bad and I hope theyll rethink those to be able to snap to the pathways or allow users to shape them like pathways. Speaking of pathways I'm not sure why you can't make cue lines curved but I would like to see that. other notable things that's missing are the transport rides which is the thing I like the most in RCT3. There needs to be more default rides and scenery but whats in the game is pretty solid so far. As far as the frame drop goes I did have a pretty big frame drop but the honest truth is I never noticed it until I looked at the fame counter.Right now I would recommend this over planet coaster if you can only afford one. The only reason I say that is because you can actually play this game now. The Steam vrsion of planet coaster hints to being able to play early if you buy the deluxe package but thats not so. I have watched videos on youtube about both of these games and RollerCoaster Tycoon World doesn't look as fleshed out as Planet Coaster but after playing it despite the negative reviews I'm quite happy with this game.
,Recommended,282560,24133037,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,gazzygamer2,"i'm really loving this game. the graphics are very good, people are saying it crashs but tbh i haven't had 1 single crash yet in this game....building RollerCoasters is easy and i like where you have to manually put the chains,brakes etc on the track...im hoping they'll add more rides, shops etc.. the performance isn't to bad on my pc at 4k max settings i get around 30fps, but theres always room for improvements.."
76561198041741552,Not Recommended,282560,18804068,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,TrackDoctor,"As of right now I can't recommend this game.I know it is only a beta, but with less than 6 weeks to go until the initial release, it is clear to see that this game is going to need a lot of polishing, so much polishing in fact, that I think that the devs are not going to be able to put a well working game together, by the time this game does launch.This is a real shame, because I had really high hopes for this game and have been waiting on it for quite some time.I had hoped everything would have worked the way I wanted it to work, but unfortunately it diddn't.The coaster editor and builder are very complicated, it even takes a highly experienced RCT player and modder like me, a hell of a lot of time to get used to (let alone build a good working coaster), the cars constantly bump into an invisible wall at the end of the station, making them fall off, or hit some kind of bump on the lift hill and fall through the track.Also when the cars fall through (and sometimes into) the track, it is impossible to despawn them, making it impossible to go further with your coaster and you might as well delete it as you can't do anything about it.The snap to grid function is basically non-existent, the grid does not allign properly and this makes it nearly impossible to build straight tracks and paths.I personally don't think they should have called this a Beta, it can't even be called an Alpha at this stage (in my eyes)There is still so much work that has to go into this game, that I personally think that the devs and designers should push back the release to give everything a good look over and some polishing.I still think there is potential in this game though, I hope Atari and NVizzio will iron out all mistakes and listen to what their customers have to say and want, otherwise I think I will back away from this game and get the Opponent's game."
76561198000574574,Not Recommended,282560,22149631,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tomixcomics,"Oh my god. Wow. What an absolute atrocity of a game.Parks are only big enough to contain one rollercoaster, which are a NIGHTMARE to try and build (They put in a new little piece-by-piece coaster editor since the beta for when the other editor gets on your nerves too much but honestly that may be the only thing about this game that doesn't make me want to rip my hair out, and even IT was put in as an alternative to a feature which evidently even the programmers realized was hugely flawed).I play a game called Nolimits Coaster, which is a realistic simulator that real world coaster companies use to simulate how their rollercoasters are going to end up looking, and even it is easier to build a rollercoaster in than this game, and the coasters here don't come CLOSE to realistic (and even when I tried to aim for realism, it still said my rides are too intense for some reason, if they didn't just flat out fly off the track)Even putting aside rollercoaster building as a whole due to how terrible they are (despite them arguably being the entire POINT of the Rollercoaster Tycoon series) the game is awful. The flat rides look ""whimsical"" and pre-themed, which might not bother people who aren't big on theming their own park or having a park that looks realistic, but for coaster nerds like me it's a huge turn-off.The tutorial sort of cut out halfway through, and basically, I stopped playing after an hour and a half so I can immediatly demand my money back and preorder Planet Coaster (A game made by the people who made RCT3, who's ALPHA is currently looking way better than this thing).I get that MAYBE a part of them was trying to set things straight and give fans the game they wanted, but they ran out of time before they got the chance, but... Man, this is a really bad game. Really bad. They didn't listen to the fans enough, they kept stuff secret for too long, and tried to fix it when they didn't have enough time to. The result is a buggy, hard to play game with missing features.It left me feeling angry and wondering where I put my Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 CD.I would honestly not be surprised to see that the studio ends up closing after a huge flop such as this. This is a dud the size of which I've seen lead to game or movie studios going bankrupt in the past."
,Not Recommended,282560,22899241,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ret-2-Go,This game is garbage. I was hoping you would outdo RCT3 but you have failed me. FPS issues/Glitchy game mechanics/ and the graphics are horrible. I will not be coming back to this game anytime soon. I do not recommend this game at all.
76561198287498202,Not Recommended,282560,25487147,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,dominopizza,I cna't even get the game to start anymore and i bought it yesterday.
,Recommended,282560,18780966,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,BobFish,You can tell that its in beta. Alright but quite buggy. Looking forward to improvements. Probably should hold off until next beta if you're not sure.
,Recommended,282560,18779639,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Nuggets Inc.,"Beta Week One: Seems Like What Ive Been Waiting For, Now If The Make The Lod Distance Work, and Less Taxing On Your System. Might Be Like The Good Old Times------------------------------------ Update 31.3.16 --------------------------------------I think the game still needs a lot of work, but i wouldn't write it off"
,Recommended,282560,22297570,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Jambers,"Everyone in my park disappeared and then I got 500 people rushing through the entrance. Now i'm rich.Serious review:This game doesn't deserve all of the hate it recieves. It's not a bad game, it's enjoyable but not perfect.Pros:- Better rollercoaster creator than RCT3- Menus are simple and easy to navigate- EnjoyableCons:- Poorly optimised- Graphics are quite bad. This may be a pro eventually as in the latest update they improved the graphics.- Limited customization options.- Crashes often - If you buy this, save your park every 5-10 minutes so you don't lose your progress.- The price is too high for an early access game.- Bugs. Bugs everywhere. So far i've come across at least 15 bugs. Some are amazing, some are terrible. Here's a few bugs i've come across so far.. Mechanics ignore my broken rides.. Everyone in the park disappearing and then re-entering the park.. Can't disable ""heat maps"".. People get stuck in the floor. This happened to my mechanic, a few of my janitors and even some of the ""peeps"".Yes, Planet Coaster IS better than this game. Yes, it will likely always be better than this game. BUT, this is still a great game despite the bugs and the terrible optimisation. It may not have a lot of the features Planet Coaster has but that doesn't make it unenjoyable. In my opinion, this is an alright game for people that want a Rollercoaster themed game right now but can't afford £50 to play Planet Coaster early. But then again, Rollercoaster tycoon 3 is a cheaper option for a rollercoaster themed game and honestly, it has more features and better graphics than this.EDIT: it seems that people who hate the game are downvoting almost every positive review."
76561198011362599,Not Recommended,282560,22147907,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Maiden,"What a complete joke. They allowed us to pre-order, and about a half a year later we get alpha instead of an official release date. Why make pre-order availiable if you know you won't release it anytime soon? Last time I pre-order from these guys."
,Recommended,282560,18779540,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,taduspro,"gg really advanced physics, im used to rtc3 so the new controlls is really hard"
76561197967584931,Not Recommended,282560,18780338,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Berserk,"I do not recommend pre ordering this game. Roller Coaster editor is not user friendly at all, stations are not customizable and a lot of content is missing. Even for a beta, the state of this game is extremely worrying."
76561198059392007,Not Recommended,282560,18793843,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ansith,"Although RollerCoaster Tycoon is one of my favorite game franchies, this latest incarnation has me worried. I'm unimpressed with the pre-order Beta weekend. The game seems far from finished (although due to be released in a little over a month),The game ran very slowly on my machine (8gb ram), though I was one of the fortunate ones that didn't have continuous crashing problems. The beta was limited to a very small portion of the game content and limited to two weekends of play between now and release. Overall the user interface felt laggy and clunky. The coaster builder was interesting but riddled with bugs and physics issues. Building a complete coaster that wasn't simply a lift, drop and circle back to the station was almost constantly met with incredible frustration. (And I'm not new to the genre, I still play RCT3 and building coasters is my favorite aspect of the game)I am quite surprised by this beta release. I expected a nearly completed game, a smooth and lag free engine and an exciting preview of what awaited the final release. Instead it was an unfnished  mess of problems that felt like a very limited alpha test. I have requested a refund and will wait to see what the reviews are like after the game releases in December before deciding to purchase or not."
76561198005151319,Not Recommended,282560,22154768,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,poolplyr1422,not worth it sad. bought it and will be my first return ever on steam  :(
,Not Recommended,282560,22165894,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,helpower2,you have more fun if you throw your money to pigeons
,Not Recommended,282560,22164715,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,diez,"Cannot even load any type of game. It always says ""Load unsuccessful"" on every map or type of game."
,Not Recommended,282560,22163667,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,tr1gger,Bought and refunded in 29 minutes. Not worth
,Not Recommended,282560,22163384,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,AcedMaChisel,Ouch......what a disappointment. Hope for a refund and wait for Planet Coaster to be released.
76561198088499368,Not Recommended,282560,22661896,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,sravan10th,"Game stops working while playing,,"
,Not Recommended,282560,22737247,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,IdleKetchup,Sux
76561198296004626,Not Recommended,282560,22272524,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,lesmith570,I installed it But It cont go past .exe
76561198331920937,Not Recommended,282560,31327440,Posted: 23 April,all,marmaloid,Purchased and game wont even load
76561198084473183,Not Recommended,282560,28081872,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Flaco Lambordi,"Plain awful game. Wasn't anywhere near what I had hoped that it would be. I have been playing this series since its release when I was alot younger and I was hoping for it to revitalize itself through Rollercoaster Tycoon World. Needless to say, it sucks. Take my review's word for it as well as every other person writing a negative review for this game. Stay away, its not worth your time or money. If you're wanting a good theme park game where you can burn hours on end feeling like a kid again, stay away from this one. Check out Planet Coaster or Parkitect first."
,Not Recommended,282560,31481371,Posted: 1 May,all,nbeukhof,played for almost 100hrs but it gets really old really fast.
,Not Recommended,282560,33319139,Posted: 6 July,all,bjj0001,"This game is nothing compared to the tools I'm already using! Valve should just ban this game, and refund everyone!"
76561198035760197,Not Recommended,282560,22528860,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Lindsey,"It's early access, so I tried to be open minded, but the game is really bad. The roller coasters are trickier to make, and they are full of bugs. It lacks charm, or any of the draw of its predecessors. The pathway tools are incredibly frustrating. What features there are, are incredibly limited, even giving it the benefit of the doubt of its early access status. The game never crashed for me, but the gameplay itself is at best glitchy, and at worst, they make the game unplayable. Taking into consideration the repeated times the game was pushed back for release and its steep price, I can say with all confidence that even one after more glitches have been cleared, it is not a game worth buying."
,Not Recommended,282560,22536726,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Swager1950,"I have spend more time trying to get that games  going without  errors...... Today the mouse  does not work, black screen and when I press shift + tab the screen come on .... game load ..... start a new one and a gain the mouse  does not work .Frankly I would not sugest this  game right now , some see to have it working but I do believe to many are having same problem as I ."
76561198253735379,Not Recommended,282560,28708724,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,heyitstylerhd,"its quite laggy, plus the settings screen is blurry. should of had a lot more work done before being released in order to match the quality of previous RCT games..."
76561198217812053,Not Recommended,282560,31620008,Posted: 8 May,all,Nick,"Don't Even Consider Buying This Game, Planet Coaster Is Much Better And Gets Good Reviews"
76561198103826801,Not Recommended,282560,22241926,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tildilator,AWFUL. So frustrating that it makes me want to cry. Designed badly and rushed. Not going into details or else I'll be here all day typing.
76561198049257413,Not Recommended,282560,22524741,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,sportsfreak85,"I understand it early access and all.. but just horrible.. I had high hopes for this game. Loved the past games.Controls suck, graphics aren't much better then the last instalment in my opinion.  Maybe Ill check it out again when its in full release and hopefully there willbe more stuff in game. Until then its time to shelf this game and wish i had my money back."
76561198053603092,Not Recommended,282560,31545126,Posted: 4 May,all,wandrew,"Really poor, to summarise! Signed up to early access. Wish I had never bothered. Too many shortcuts in programming due to lack of investment in the programming and contributors. Shame really as I really wanted it to be great. Frontier had a vission for a better RCT but guess they were too expensive, hence they changed the developer. Planet coaster so much better and done by frontier."
,Not Recommended,282560,18796694,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Arl Eamon,"I really want to give a positive review to this game; but it's not happening sadly.The game itself has a really good potential. Fans of the franchise will buy the game no matter what; like me. This is of course a beta. The most disappointing thing for me in the beta is the coaster builder. Why? It's not because its so cluncy or problematic. These can be improved. So what is the problem? The problem is how the game is demonstrated for 2-3 months. And when it came to beta; they said that there will only be coaster builder in the first beta, because other parts are not ready enough. So I'm really worried about the other parts of the game; and the whole game itself. If the ready parts is this; (as the developer saying) than it won't be a good game. What I understand from ready is; fluent, not so buggy, and acceptable performance. There is no fluency or ease when building a coaster. If you manage to finish one; and this one would not be the one in your dreams; making it work is another hassle.I hope the developer work hard and finish this game. But at this stage I'm really disappointed about the the progress. I really hope to see a good RCT game.Think twice before you pre order."
76561197995576515,Not Recommended,282560,31341169,Posted: 24 April,all,Knut3rn,"Mye forandringer siden rct3..Veier er vanskeligere å lage/plassere, skal du lage en coaster må du ha doktorgrad i kontruksjon og hvordan skal man plassere mat/drikke/toalett til veier!? Dere har gjort det nye spillet alt for vanskelig! Masse Bugs og drit! angrer alt jeg har for at jeg kjøpte det nye! Forlanger en oppdatering."
76561198175679783,Not Recommended,282560,22311774,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,vxXPhantomXxv,my computer cant run this... the lag is un real... im very dissappointed in that you need a graphics card to play this SIMULATION game...+1 unsatisfied customer
,Not Recommended,282560,27124538,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darkie,"Do not buy this game! its a scam!(This game has been nominated ""Scam game of the year"")Some bought this game before it came to steam and a few the very day it released as EA. We saw great footage and stable gameplay and was given lots of promises. But when we got the game it was something completely else and tbh it feels like its still the same game as it was in alpha.The game can't run properly if you have a few rides, coasters and over 200 peeps!! its that badly optimiced. To give you an idea about how awful that is, I can run Planet Coaster with 4000 peeps and tons of rides, coasters without lag at all.I think they used the money we spent on their mobile game insteadhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iomc1P7HaX8I dare to say that the mobile game is better than this..... Stay away from Nvizzio games and Atari as publisher!! they might scam again. They have also deleted new negative reviews (including my own) they let 2015 positive reviews stay, so the picture you see about mostly negative is not true, its worse!!List of problems- Poor performance- Low quality content (such as rides, coasters etc)- Dumb peeps, that have no emotions- A broken piece by piece system- A dev that does not listen to the community att all- The visuals are distasteful- No patches- Will most likely try to scam people again with dlc.If you want a good game in this genre, I suggest you look up Planet Coaster and Parkitect.To give a view upon how people feel.over 6k playing planet coaster108 playing Rollercoaster Tycoon World"
76561198089452575,Not Recommended,282560,33634812,Posted: 18 July,all,President Donald Trump,I paid 40 dollars for this thinking it would be worth it... Now it's 15 dollars... And it still is glitchy. BAD
,Not Recommended,282560,22206015,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,kagranac,is this a joke? is someone pulling my leg?
,Recommended,282560,23460448,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,sawsac,"Amid the rampant negativity surrounding this game, I feel compelled to give this game a glowing recommendation. WHen Early Access finally became available, and the flood gate of negative reviews opened, I was nervous and held off on buying the game until a few days ago. When I did, I was acutally quite shocked at how much hate the game was wtill recieving, because my experience was nowhere near as horrible or even remotely bad as so many people have warned in the reviews. In fact, my partner has Planet Coaster, and he actually plays this game more than he does that one, and swears it is better in nearly every way.The game is not finished, and understanding this is paramount if you are even remotely going to enjoy playing. If occational glitches and crashes is a problem for you, then DO NOT BUY THE GAME. Too many people marring the reputation of this excellent game because of their own unachievable expectations of a game in Alpha. That said, it is still very much the RCT that I love and remember fondly, with a fresh coat of paint and a vast majority of new features, both experiemental and not. It's updated often, and the developers genuinely do want to make this as excellent as they say. So if you can spare your patience, and would like to see the evolution of this game, do yourself a favor, because I was skeptical as well, but I feel it was worth it. I'm even considering upgrading to deluxe. If you don't have patience for crashes and bugs (yes, the game has crashed on me twice), then wait until it's out of Early Access."
76561198314785008,Not Recommended,282560,23945041,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,T.man24,yes i like the RollerCoaster tycoon games but it won't even let me play this game when i tyr and go to into sandbox or anyhting it stops working i'm pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about it cause i paid money for this game and won't even let me play it
,Not Recommended,282560,32367196,Posted: 12 June,all,kiba_wolf,"sadly i cannot currently recommend this game. for my system at least, whcih is fairly powerful (AMD FX 6200, gtx 97, 16GB ram) and with the settings at low, med or high, it sadly will not progress past loadign the main title screen. perhaps after a major overhaul this coudl be something good, i am geuinly happy knowing some people do enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,282560,18810984,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gelunox,"The concept is nice but the framerate is terrible, the coaster editor doesn't feel natural, and trains keep flying off of the track. It's not as much fun to build a coaster as I had hoped it would be. Launch is supposed to be in about a month, but there's too much wrong with this game for it to work after the release."
,Not Recommended,282560,18806292,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Hyperspeed1313,"I have updated this review with content relating to the Early Access release. It is following the beta weekend review.BETA WEEKEND 1What do I think of Roller Coaster Tycoon World? I was hoping it would be great and wow everyone, but this game is never going to be ready by the posted release date, if the roller coaster module is anything to go by. In attempting to build a wooden roller coaster (simple enough, right?) I never once was able to complete a circuit with the train. The physics engine in this is horrible, and if I try to make a tight turn with banking, the only think i ever see is 'SLOPE TOO STEEP'. I think I hate this game. Absolutely hate it. I know the devs are desparate to make some money on this, but this game is not okay. Unless the second beta is better, I'm going to be one of many thousands who return their pre-release orders.SO MANY DERAILMENTS!!! (literaly)Early Access: Day 1In my first experience with the now long-term beta of this game, I must say it's really in need of optimizations. As of right now, this game is still not ready for a full release (thank goodness they went EA if they HAD to release it now,but they could have waited...). So, how has the fourth installment of the Roller Coaster Tycoon franchise fared? Not as well as I'd hoped.The GraphicsThey're not bad, but they're not good either. Visually, they're very pleasing. However, the peeps are flat skins (clothing is not a separate layer) which is disillusioning. In addition, the feel of the ride textures leave the tiniest bit of nagging that something's missing. Overall, though, the graphics are actually very good to look at.BUT, good luck getting a good framerate even with a Titan. The game set my settings on high and I run a GTX 970. There is 1 setting above that which a single GTX 980 or Titan should be capable of running at 60 fps. For the graphics, to be honest, I'm surprised my computer couldn't run 60 fps.There is a plus, though. Since the devs know framerate is bad, they went and added a tickbox that reduces the graphics demand in favor of a more playable framerate, so that you almost never dip below 20 fps. Almost. When building new things in a park that already is a bit crowded, you can dip down all the way to the 1-3 fps region.GameplayWell, it definitely feels like a more open and controllable world than previous RCT games. Because nothing is stuck to the grid, a whole new variety of layout options become available. That said, because of the size of the park, a whole lot of creativity has been thrown out the window.It would take dozens of this park to fill the parks you built in RCT 1-3.This park is only big enough to house 1 large coaster or 2 smaller ones (what the ♥♥♥♥, right?), in addition to your arsenal of small rides needed to keep the less extreme peeps happy. Speaking of those peeps, the way they scream when on a ride is all at once, so you just have an occasional scream that hurts your ears instead of constant enjoyment from your peeps.Building ToolsThe path and stall building tools are fairly intuitive. With the freeform option, you draw in any direction you like. With thegridturned on, you can keep everything aligned to a coordinate system (perpendicular and parallel to the park entrance, mind you). Withsnapturned on (this will turn off grid, and vice versa), you can place your paths at 90 degree angles to each other, even if they're not on the grid angle. It also allows for a few other things, like placing stalls directly onto existing paths, and more controllably placing trees and other objects adjacent to paths. All in all, having the three building modes is very useful, but I would like a localized grid aligned with a path I just drew if I had both grid and snap enabled. That would be very useful.Specific Building Tools:The path building tool -While this tool is great for building paths on the ground, you don't have nearly enough control with the path height. The only interval for heigh is 7 feet, which is too much, especially given the small spacing the grid has.The Flat Ride Building Tool -Well, it's just placement and angle rotation. On the other hand, unlike in previous RCT games, you can't choose the locations for the entrance and exit to the ride, which was part of how we were able to tightly pack tons of rides into a small space in the last games. And given how much smaller this game's parks are, we really need as much control of the arrangement as possible.Roller Coaster Building Tool -The roller coaster building tool really isn't bad anymore. Unlike in the beta weekend, coasters no longer crash for no reason, and the tool is relatively intuitive. That said, the station platforms are very sparse in selection and have MASSIVE footprints. There's already a significant queue and a horrendously long exit walk for every single station platform. And you can't pick where the entrance and/or exit come from, or the direction of the train. Also, track banking doesn't actually listen to what you say. For example, if I have a tight turn on an incline with steep banking, the track is actually rendered as flat and level. Decrease the banking, and the track banks outward (why?). Most of the time, using the building tools is fairly intutive. You have pre-built segments that you can adjust the scale of, or you can click on the ground away from nodes and build your own track. Working with nodes is intutive, but not getting to node mode. If you make a mistake, I have no clue how to abort the new piece without quitting the editor entirely. But on the plus side, you can create and delete nodes in the middle of the track without disconnecting it all. Overall, it still needs a bit of work, but coasters don't crash for no reason, and using it is largely intutive.ConclusionThis game is labeled appropriately as something that's in Early Access. It's glitchy somewhat, and some of the controls don't feel quite finished. That said, there are other problems with this game. Flat rides don't have configurable exits, roller coaster stations are massive and just as unconfigurable (and lacking in variety), and the park size is WAY TOO ♥♥♥♥ING TINY! Will Atari and Nvizzio Creations pull it all together? Maybe. I wouldn't put any money on it happening this year. I would LOVE for them to pull it together and give us something amazing as though they've been holding out, but it really doesn't seem like RCT is on top any more. Planet Coaster, even being in alpha, is already incredibly customizable, allowing for every building to be custom made, a huge park size, and lots more detail. On top of that they're the brains behind RCT3 who did a very good job for the first 3D implementation of the series(no offense, Nvizzio). I expect a lot more from Planet Coaster in the near and far future than I do from Roller Coaster Tycoon World. For now, I'm getting my refund."
,Not Recommended,282560,26758117,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sw,"I pre-ordered this game as soon as it became available excited to play the newest generation of one of my favorite game series. I was patient with the delays, betas, and even the last minute switch to Early Alpha when the game supposed to be fully released. However, now that the game is out in ""full"", I have to say I am more then dissapointed! I am so tired of being mislead into pre-ordering or investing in Early Alpha games full of promises, just to end up with a sub-par game! I did not think it possible, but ATARI as made another game like E.T.: THE EXTRA TERRESTRIAL!!! Full of potential and promise, just to have a game that is barely playable. The track builder is horrendous! The only thing I DO like about this game is the parking lot outside the front of the park. I am SO glad that I also purchased Planet Coaster as compared to this game, its night and day! My biggest regret is that I cant get a refund from one of the worst purchased I have ever made on Steam..."
,Not Recommended,282560,18812931,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Danny,"This is not a beta, it is more like day 1 of starting the project. Not even a pre-alpha.Give them a another year to make an actual beta or even the game. Who knows it could be good ?Don't get it right now it is nothing right now, just a concept.For now I will start looking at planet coaster."
,Recommended,282560,22151760,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,dragonslayer,i love the game great graphics and love the freedom of building but if you have a bad computer that cant run the game it will be laggy for you but if you have a good computer it will be realy good
76561198047055605,Recommended,282560,18800731,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Secret.MidOne,"Now in Open Beta, it's a pretty game overall! Good job to the developers and all the hard work you've put in!"
,Recommended,282560,24378516,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Experienced Bleach Drinker,"This game is in early access, so I already expected some issues with the game. That being said, the game is really fun and a long awaited installment of this great franchise. However, here are some of the issues that I find in the game1. Paths/Queus. The biggest issue I have with this is in the builsing process itself. The building is difficult when trying to connect with others paths and is all around flawed. I find myself struggling to build a path and am being met with all kinds of red zones that are aggravating and there is absolutely no information as to why it is an invalid build. I also find it hard to do straight lines with both the paths and the queus. I am hoping that this issue is addressed in the future because it is making it difficult to get the peeps to where they need to be.2. Coaster Building. I mainly use the old fashion building feature, so I have no complaints with the new version. However, I am finding issues with ""invalid build"" when I reach a certain height. I am not sure if it is because it is too high or what because this usually happens around 300 feet and past games could go past 500ft. I am also having issues with the acceleration coasters and ""yaw"" speed to fast when I try to do a top hat. This might mainly be an issue on my end, but I just felt the need to address it.3. I know it is early access, but the lack of coaster styles is really bugging me. I just hope that the new coasters are added quickly :)"
,Recommended,282560,18785282,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,samibi6,PLEASE INCLUDE FIRST PERSON VIEW TO WALK IN THE PARK AND PLEASE INCLUDE THE COASTER CONTROL PANEL LIKE IN Nolimits BECAUSE IT'S SO FUN TO WALK IN OUR PARK IN FIRST PERSON VIEW AND SEE THE GREATNESS AND THE BEAUTY OF THE GARDENS. PLEASE IT'S MY BIGGEST WISH !
76561198006212102,Not Recommended,282560,18788114,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mr.Binks,"Just from the Coaster Builder Beta no way this game is anywhere close to ready for release in 7 weeks. Save your money, and wait until well after release."
,Not Recommended,282560,22150582,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,owen.bells,Unfortunately the game simply does not work.
,Not Recommended,282560,22150753,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,bu3bbas,looks like graphics for a mobile phone game.
76561198081313896,Not Recommended,282560,22150847,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Crasherman,"So far, this game is a disappointment. Obviously, that may change with time and future updates (as will my review).So far, the controls for the game are overly cumbersome, their new roller coaster designer is a nightmare to try and use, and other than (somewhat) updated graphics, the game offers very little in the way of new content.The number of rides offered in the game is pitiful compared to previous games. The shops/buildings are poorly sized and just get in the way. The terrain editor is a nuisance, and to make things worse, you have to individually click each tree/bush/object to delete it and clear space to build. No more click and drag over an area to delete trees, landscaping, etc. The path builder is more aggravating than the one in RCT3.I am hoping the game improves with future updates. So far, it is nowhere near worth the $50 price tag, nor is the ""Deluxe Edition"" worth an extra $10, as it adds almost nothing of interest to the game. Until they make this game worth the buy and worthy of modern graphics and processing ability, save your money and go play RCT2 or 3."
76561198073519700,Not Recommended,282560,22150907,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Frank,Deeply Disapointed.  Back to RCT3! I hope that when I check back in 6 months it will be worth playing!
,Not Recommended,282560,22151683,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Aaron Tuckwell,"I've never been so grateful for a game to crash... It literally tore me away from finding things to hate about the game.Seriously, Atari has just completely botched this and as a fair person, I'm also trying to find things I like.. and I'm struggling. There are literally no redeemable features. This game is an insult to players loyal to the genre and RCT brand.I'm finding myself spending more time reporting bugs than playing. That's not the idea of this. It was Atari's job to make sure that this game was ready in some form of playable state.. It's like they have been spinning on their chairs for the last 6 months thinking of new and inventive ways to ruin a game and spend the money that we've thrown in their direction.Serioously, go and buy Planet Coaster instead."
76561198047773201,Not Recommended,282560,22150741,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,LosseVeters,The only positive thing I could find in this game was the waiting line for the circus.  I charged €2.00 and still had a full waiting line. A dream come true for a big fan of rct 1 and 2.
,Recommended,282560,22344874,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Juan62,"I still love this game as much as the first time i played it.Even though it still has a lot of bugs and misses a few things, I still love this game.Creating endless sandbox maps just the way you imagine it to be!Recommending and rating this game 9/10"
76561198280173181,Not Recommended,282560,23733743,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,shealynr82,This game really sucks.
76561198036478679,Not Recommended,282560,18821073,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,あきやま あすな,"This is the same review as i posted on the RCTW forums. So it might not be fitting for a steam review. TL:DR at the endI want to say at first that i am a HUGE RCT fan.I played RCT1 when i was like 7 and i loved the francise ever since. Even RCT3 which alot of people dislike i found still amazing.Now the the World Beta.The graphics are really good i have to admit. But come on. No graphical options?? Are you serious? Not even sound?I literally threw my headphone off when i launched the game. How can you give us a beta without these small options. I was lucky enough that i could turn off AA and such in Nvidia options. But i still got around 40-50fps with NOTHING in the park. I will post my specs and the end of the thread.Another thing is the RAM usage. I hope this improves because 5-6gigs of RAM when you only launch a game that is in a beta state is pretty bad.Now to the game itself.The scenery is pretty good. Just where are the custom buildings that you make wall by wall? I reckon they will be in the full beta but if they are build the same as fences it will be a living hell to make a decent building. The fences are SO bad to place. You cant make a decent fence unless with the grid. But with the grid you cant place em next to curve pathes. And no end pieces. Your fences end with an open spot.Pathes are good. Nothing wrong with them. Easy to place easy to use. Though a few options of queue pathes? Must be intentional i guess but still. And no curved queues? Why is that?All the foliage is really well done. Bit few options on shrubs and flowers but that will probably change on full release with the workshop. Trees are fine in my opinion. More palm trees would be nice though.All the other path addons are fine. Trash cans, lights etc. They look good, are good to place and nothing wrong with that.Now to the coastersFirst off all, the color options are so low. Where is the create every color palet?? You would expect a game from 2015 to have atleast a color palet that lets you make the colors yourself? (Red, Green, Blue sliders from 0-225 or something)I guess this will be better at release although i dont have my hopes up for that.Now to the building of the coaster.Its awfull. Dont get me wrong here. Controls are pretty good. The way you control how you edit the coaster with your mousewheel etc. works good. A few bugs here and there like a coaster has 0degrees roll and is still banked. And a few other small things which i know for sure have been reported already. If not i will report them later in the bug tracker.The spline based building (without the grid) is not working at all. Atleast not for me. You cannot make a good lifthill without the hill being a little bit off to the left or right. Which is very unrealistic since lift hills are perfectly straight. Then there is the marker under the track that shows how ""Safe"" the coaster is. Its not accurate at all. How is a left turn that is banked inwards safer than one banking outwards?? How seriously dont understand how that works. Maybe i am just stupid and dont know at all how coasters work at about 5000+ hours across all the three previous games and after visiting alot of real life coaster. But for me this is wrong.You added the ability to edit the coaster on the spot itself where there is need of adjustments so you dont have to remove the whole track. It sucks. The moment you add a new edit point (the green bulb) you have it locked to your mouse immedietly. The track instantly goes up or down a little and you have a little bump in it. No matter how i try it keeps happening. I might not be used to it yet but after about a 100 times i think i should've known how if there was a way to do it right.There is no real way to make a good looping are any other element. Sure you can let someone else make it for you, download it from the workshop and add it in your coaster. But what is the fun in that. I want to make them myself. Its just SO hard to finetune the track pieces because of the issue above (the green bulb issue).Since when are block brakes wheeles? Seriously guys. Where you drinking to much whisky that evening? You have normal brakes that look like brakes. And block brakes are wheels. Also, the Accelerator Coaster doesnt have a launch track. Only the tiny piece at the start that you cant drag out so why even conisder putting it in the beta? Same for the Dive Coaster, there is no Dive element (the Holding Brake). So why add this one aswell? And where is the normal B&M Sitdown. You add all these unique coaster types (Wing, Accelerator, Dive) But you forget the most basic one. A Hyper Coaster doesn't make inversions. I reckon its not that hard to think about that. And that while you guys even cooperated with Six Flags.TL:DRThis game needs ALOT of work. And to much to be do-able in 40 days. This game needs so much work it probably needs to around end Q1 2016. Buggy (i know its a beta but to much stuff isnt working correctly), bad coaster builder. The grid system back in RCT1-3 was SO much better. There werent many options to tracks as there are now for sure. But they worked perfectly and were always right. The overall game as it stands now is awfull. As it is now i wish i didnt buy it and instead bought Anno 2205 or Planet Coaster as Anno will never fail and Planet Coaster is cheaper and as far as dev blogs go really promising. I hope you guys (the devs and forum users) understand my frustration about the game in the current manner and hope that my feedback will be taken into consideration because you have atleast one sad costumer as of right now. As i stated earlier i love the RCT francise and was so excited for this game. Its just bad as it is.Greets,Azrail"
76561198047188624,Not Recommended,282560,22405440,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,RayCubed,"Update #3 released 4/20/2016My original review still stands....so much work to be done on the ""game"" it's not even funny.I'll report back after the next update, as of right now I still cannot reccomend this ""game"" whatsoever.Why is game in quotations you ask?  Because playing it is not fun.... at all..... it's a chore. It's a chore to look past all of the flaws..... it's a chore to deal with all of the flaws.Rated 1/10 : would not chore again-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Uninspired...bland...disappointing...wonky...laggy...glitchy.....There's nothing about this game pulling me back in to play.  The bones of a decent game are there...maybe?How the developers handle this will determine the outcome of this game. I sure hope I can change this review at some point.At best, this is a $20 game IMHO as far as value goes.I would wait till AT LEAST two or more patches have been released before considering the purchase if you're considering-----------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE 7/2/2016Played for 25 minutes...crashed after clicking ""Ride View"" button, still a boat load of issues.Another pet peeve is the peeps jerky and unrealistic movement.Major FPS issues after only placing only a handful of rides (It's not my card or systems problem)I still can't recomend this ""game"""
,Not Recommended,282560,18780828,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[FFG*]『CheeseKake™』,"The coaster editor is not all that great, I wish they would revert to the old school RCT 1, 2, and 3 editor. I felt as though it was extremely difficult to edit the coasted in the ""coaster editor"". I like the old school game, with the possibility of improved park guests. I've been a fan since day one, but this game has blown it for me thus far. I won't request a refund, but it also appears that I may not like the game."
76561198089455235,Recommended,282560,18781765,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mdylan2013,"I'm a massive RCT fan, so I really want this game to work.The new spline system for designing coasters was confusing at first but I quickly picked up on what I had to do. Looks like with a bit more of a polish this game will be awesome!"
,Not Recommended,282560,22150636,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,unnamedboy,"Dear developers,If you have difficulty handling too many peeps, could you please just cut them by half - I see no problem with RCT3, with ~1000 guests in my park and I'm still happy...I can't play this game after 10 minutes with my i7 4900MQ cpu and 16GB RAM. Is your system requirement a joke? Perhpas you should ask for a machine with quad Xeon E7 and 128GB RAM with 4x Titans to run this game smoothly.GET PLANET COASTER INSTEAD. I think the original team for RCT3 made that one."
76561198140460965,Not Recommended,282560,22152745,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Higgins,"*Installs game**Hyped up after playing RCT3 for 6 years**Launches game**Goes straight into sandbox mode**Loading screen, still hyped up as ♥♥♥♥**Game freezes** ""RollerCoaster Tycoon World.exe has stopped working."" **heart breaks**Thinks about buying Planet Coaster*I have never been this dissapointed in my life."
,Not Recommended,282560,22152971,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Silverbud,Game has very little variation compared to RCT1-3 and contains barely any ride or attractions.
76561198277159362,Not Recommended,282560,22153087,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,meghansa01,"Atari ...Atari...ATARI...tsk tsk tsk. UNTIL THEY ""FIX"" THIS GAME DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS AND DO YOURSELF A FAVOR. Being a hardcore tycoon since the Chris Sawyer days, I can understand the excitement of finally having something new. BUT THIS P.O.S IS NOT EVEN PLAYABLE. The game loads to 57% and THEN IMMEDIATELY CRASHES. I would love to review the gameplay, but I can't even play the game. So Atari...I ask you? WHAT IS THIS GARBAGE. SCRAP THIS CRAP AND GIVE US A WORKING GAME WE DESERVE. HOW DARE YOU DO THIS TO US."
76561198304143041,Not Recommended,282560,22865870,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,oreebriana,"I just purchased the RollerCoaster Tycoon World Deluxe Edition today, and everytime i try to play it load up to 57% than it stops and says there have been a problem than the game crashes I dont know what to do i need help or would like a refund!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197980697732,Not Recommended,282560,22150616,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Arkus,The game keeps crashing over and over again. Got lot of issues... better Planet coaster... don't waste your money.... I regret already...*Edit...* It is stable but still having awful quality and laggs... even with a top tier high end pc....
,Not Recommended,282560,22444539,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Geeky,"Awful just awful even for early access this title is shovelware at best. The graphics are somehow worse than the previous in the series, it is even more buggy, and looks like it was coded by a first year computer science student."
,Not Recommended,282560,22484800,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Radiantshadowsx,"I will not recommend this game only for now, My thoughts may change when its seriously finished. I waited a long♥♥♥♥♥time for this game, an it was ruined by being laggy, super slow, an choppy. I hated it, I couldnt do anything :( I got a refund for it. Don't buy unless you wanna ruin your hopes for it."
76561198295342424,Not Recommended,282560,29812804,Posted: 9 February,all,BaaZaaRi,"SoooooAfter a few months TRYING to play this game, I have to say: It`s♥♥♥♥♥♥Unplayable. I could cry..coz I remember those times with RCT on Windows 98, happy times, RCT3 Soaked AMAZING, thank you.After that disappointment, I downloaded a Beta Version of PC, I didn`t want to judge to early... And guess what, that BETA was already better, than the crap you guys keep delivering us. So I bought PC and I`m happy again :)Now: The only good thing in RCT is the Coaster Editor, easier to build and the ride is smoother than in PC. But it`s obviously useless, when ur computer is crashing after building 3-4 coaster and having 1000 peeps. I just can`t figure out how you guys can ignore those SERIOUS performance problems. ARE YOU EVEN WORKING? Better releasing stupid PbP objects, which are quite fancy, but get`s your computer down even faster. I don`t want to bash that game, coz it was a LEGEND once. Just don`t buy it guys, try PC and decide yourself.And by the way: I paid ******* 70 bugs for the Early Access, now its 35, and still not ""a game"". I dont want a refund, I want you to feel bad, you are criminals. This game, was maybe one of the biggest fails of a once bright shining game, even worse than No Man`s Sky. You should have kept the origin dev`s. I can see them dying by laughing playing your ""game"".Pls release this review, everyone should know before thinking about buying this game. This game should be banned fro steam, `til it `s running right.Have a nice day"
76561198300124255,Not Recommended,282560,23595078,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,potatoefries3300,i was confused on building a roller coaster. atleast im refunding this game. im disapointed.
76561197970633328,Not Recommended,282560,29439251,Posted: 23 January,all,BrownieMonster,Terrible buying experience.  Built a gaming pc with this game being one of my main reasons.  Paid $65 to find out that this game is an incomplete product and  I got to pay full price for.  Steam... how dare you.
,Not Recommended,282560,22150274,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Howzeman,"Uh Oh!! Yes it's early access but the early signs are not good! Firestly: Graphics are average, I could live with this if the gameplay was flawless but sadly not. You give up with a game quickly when it's frustrating. For example the camera can't stay still when building a coaster! If you are familiar with RCT 3 coaster building tools, initially you will go ah! Layed out just as i remember however it functions in no where near the same way! The FPS is all over the place even on a good PC. I really wanted this to be good as many days of my life went into RCT 3 but sadly i'm yet to get excited..."
,Not Recommended,282560,23117222,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ryster,"Not impressed with this game to be honest. Really poor path building, flat rides that just look fake and unrealistic, and well, it's just not a Rollercoaster Tycoon game instead.  Get Planet Coaster instead, it is 10 times better already and has only released an early Alpha 1 build so far. Atari has been developing the abortion that is RCTW for months and months and months."
,Not Recommended,282560,18784393,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[W]_xplayman,"I was so excited to finally get my hands on the new coaster builder but once I actually started using it I was extremely disappointed. The coaster builder did not seem to want to follow what little instructions the game provided. When I told the game to make the track go straight up, it made a loop. When I changed the incline so it would not loop it twisted the track in the process. When I tried to tried to move my cursor to straight out the track it made the track appear on the other side of the map.Then when I tested the failure of a track the new trains kept crashing into the old trains that would not go away. That little piece is beside the point. The point of the weekend one beta according to their FAQ was to show off the new coaster builder. It says on their FAQs that all of the possible coasters are unlocked. I put in my request for a refund because the coaster building tool is so bad that I will have to wait for reviews on the game's coaster builder before re-purchasing this game. The developers themselves have already promised updates after release and based on how poor the coaster builder is right now I do not feel like paying for a ""beta"" on release waiting for the developers to fix later what they should have done right the first time."
76561198049754827,Recommended,282560,23193737,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Elessar_Luzente,"Comparing development (continuously updated review)As most people tend to compare quasi-similar games to each other, perhaps it's best to provide a review that does so without any bias or prejudice, as the vast majority of reviews lack the most important elements these should have: honesty and objectivity. So let's get to it.Both Rollercoaster Tycoon World (RCTW) and Planet Coaster (PC) are halfway through their alpha stages (or beta, the difference in meaning has become insignificant over the last years) and both games show great promises and annoying bugs at the same time, which is completely normal for any game under development of course. PC has just seen the release of its second alpha (the second out of three) and RCTW has had major and minor updates over the last two months, since it has entered early access on Steam. Let's start with pointing out what PC delivers and lacks at this point in time.PC is a game which features a more or less cartoonic graphic style and is mainly focused on building custom scenery and constructions by using various structural elements and decorative items. This way no two parks will look the same and the possibilities are numerous (not endless, as that's technically impossible), especially with the latest update in which it has been made a lot easier to fine tune the movement of objects on multiple axes. The amount of different structural elements to obtain such a desired beautiful park is quite decent, although it remains to be seen how many will still be added in the future before its final release in autumn 2016, as the amount of newly added objects was amazing during the first alpha, but rather disappointing in the second. Another main focus within the game is the animations of the park guests. These are far from optimal at this point, but it's obvious to see that the creators tend to accomplish guests who accurately reflect their mood, appear to be responsive to their environment (including the rides of course) and behave as natural as possible. This feature still needs development, but it's too soon to tell whether they succeeded or failed, as the park management (which includes this feature as far as I'm concerned) will be released in the third alpha stage next summer, so I will leave this part of the consideration for now. Moving on to the flat rides it seems the developers were bereft of any resourcefulness, as most rides are mere copies of previous rollercoaster tycoon games (RCT 1, 2 and 3) and in the second alpha they even added a second Ferris' Wheel, whereas one would have been more than enough (and don't forget that another flat ride - the Whirley Rig - is also a Ferris' wheel to tell the truth). Is it really that hard to come up with rides that are actually different from predecessors and at least somewhat different from other rides? Let me give you another example: the newly added Insanity ride is just a copy from previous rollercoaster tycoon games and it's also remarkably similar to the Hammer Swing. Why don't they add rides which they've actually come up themselves instead of merely copying others and/or existing rides (just compare the Brain Surge from Nickelodeon Universe to the Psychola ride in the game). To be fair, the same mistake was made with the development of RCTW, as they added two slides (whereas one would have been more than sufficient) and they failed to provide rides which are different and interesting enough from my perspective, just as the developers of PC did. The number of flatrides is still quite low within both games, but I'm sure this will improve on both fronts. Finally, let's move on to my biggest disappointment of PC: the coaster builder. It contains some nice features, such as being able to change colours of the tracks and the supports (although the colours of the carts can't be changed for some unknown reason) and there's a good amount and variety of coaster types, but the building itself is downright frustrating and tedious, as you constantly have to move the cursor from the screen to the interface at the bottom of the screen and back again to build track sections. The building process is also rigid and doesn't feel natural due to a lack of flexibility and a poorly designed interface. This feature has barely been improved upon since the release of Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 in 2004, which is clearly an impairment in this game. The second alpha delivered us the finished coaster builder according to the developers, so apparently they deem it to be completed.Let's now move on to RCTW. This game features a style similar to parks like Six Flags or Hersheypark (as opposed to PC which is more in the direction of Disneyland or Disney World) and is mainly focused on the coaster builder, although various flatrides and scenery items have been included of course. The coaster builder is not perfect (which will be improved in upcoming updates), but building coasters has quite a natural and flexible feel to it, does possess a good interface to make use of all the different functions the spline based building tool has to offer and provides the option to change colours as well. This feature has clearly been improved upon since its last installment of 2004, whereas PC failed to do this. On the other hand, the flexibility and possibilities PC offers for scenery items and custom constructions are not included in RCTW, as the latter does provide a freeform placement system, but is not aimed at allowing players to make their own buildings within the game at this point in time. This feature will be added to the game later on, probably once the game is pulled out of Early Access, which will happen given the amount of regular updates since its release (although many claimed it never would). Moreover, the animation of the peeps (park guests) is fairly poor in RCTW in comparison to PC. They behave and move unnaturally and need quite a few improvements, but the developers are still working on this. My aforementioned criticism on the flatrides also applies to RCTW. Several other missing features are more striking in both games, however, as both games don't include water, dark or transport rides (although both the developing teams promised to add these to the final product of games) and both games don't contain any kind of weather system or simulation (this feature has been promised for RCTW, but not for PC at the moment).So, which game would I recommend to you ? Both, as long as the promises that have been made regarding both games are met. Which game should you buy? That's up to you (I bought both games). To me it all comes down to preferences. Do you prefer a theme park builder which mainly focuses on beautiful scenery items and custom buildings just like Disney World, then go for Planet Coaster. If the building of amazing coasters and parks such as Six Flags is more to your liking, then go for Rollercoaster Tycoon World. I truly believe that both games are on the same level at this point in time, as both contain both good and bad features and both offer promises and bugs, which is utterly normal for games under development (as I already said). Let's hope that we will have two good theme park building games coming out at the end of this year."
,Recommended,282560,22326443,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Shockwarior,"NEEDS TO BE OPTIMIZED. i love the rct series, absolutely phenominal, but i can hardly play this game due to the poor fps. please fix, i would love to be able to sit down and play this game for hours on end without getting frustrated due to poor performance."
76561198024040781,Recommended,282560,22155687,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mythologix,"Having been a Rollercoaster Tycoon fan since the game first arrived in 1999.I remmeber the weeks leading up to it they had it at virgin Records in their game department. The thrill of that game still excites me, even 2 and 3 are designed the same as the Original Game. This however is not, atleast not yet. The game is still an Early Release, that being said its just a slight step above being termed a official beta. There is alot of good aspects to this game, the coaster design system being one major possitive note. The major negavitve atm would prob have to be the pathing system, its not as clear as 1-3 was, however you can make diaganal paths which i dont recall being able to back then. So for paths its a improvement that just needs further mechanics to par with the mechanics of either previous gens of RCT or just something all together more modern. The game will take alittle adjusting to if/when compared to previous versions. While alot of people have given it a bad review and i could imagine asked for a refund, I am not going to do that. I will admit i did consider it. I also know as the improvements get implemented I would want to play it again and rebuy it. I also would like to see firsthand the improvements and modifications to a series I grew up enjoying. In the end my review might not be the most helpful because while i give the game a thumbs up, it is a early release and I could respect peoples opion to not like the game. But those of you who grew up with this series like I did might find a appreciation in seeing its future unfold."
,Not Recommended,282560,29962013,Posted: 16 February,all,TweAk,The time of rollercoaster is gone. The king is dead long live the king.
,Recommended,282560,22782783,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MindOfJigsaw,"Look, this game is plagued with negative reviews.  But Believe me, it doesn't deserve it.Yes, the game is VERY VERY Rough.  That's why its an Early Access title but the game has the RCT charm.  In a couple of weeks, maybe months the game will be in more solid state but even playing it this early, to me has been worth the money."
76561198036139745,Not Recommended,282560,22415949,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,emkaro,"Really dissapointed to have spent money on this. I realise its still being produced but this game is not a patch on RCT3. Really buggy and keeps crashing. Not adding anything new to the franchise.. in fact, feels like its going backwards"
76561198048979674,Not Recommended,282560,25950097,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,sub780lime,"I think there are things to like here. If I was picking just one game because of cost (I am not), I would go with Planet Coaster from what we've seen so far. However, I bought both and will play both.  There is a more familiar feel to RCTW than to planet coaster right now.  Now, PC hasn't released their own scenario or campaign portions so I wonder how that will go.  I am honestly only playing more RCTW right now because those features exist and I like them. Once I've exhausted the 'missions', if you will, I'll go full sandbox, but those features really help me learn the ins and outs of the game and drive my own creativity.  There is one big reason I wouldn't recommend RCTW and I won't recommend RCTW until it is fixed - the memory leak.  It's better, but still exists. Since the alpha was released, through windows 7 and windows 10, there is a big memory leak. It starts in a reasonable usuage range but eventually it is hitting my ram at 99%. Shut the game down, restart it, and it's playable for some hours and then the same thing happens. This has been reported by many people going back to the first alpha release."
76561198276468132,Not Recommended,282560,22410248,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,kizzmit,"At this time, I would NOT recommend this game. Perhaps the finished game will be a vast improvement over the current release.When it will actually play, I find the game to have too much lag and it has a tendency to crash often"
76561197968783597,Not Recommended,282560,31147259,Posted: 14 April,all,Elad420,"I have given this game until 4/14/2017 to wow me.  I bought it in early access excited to finally play a modern roller coaster tycoon.  Sadly this game is missing many things that the older games had and feels like a giant step backwards in gameplay.  Staff managment, coaster building, Path building, and many other gameplay features lack polish and can be very clunky.  I have given this game a lot of time to improve and until now hadn't even considered planet coaster as an option but now I have a serious coaster/park management itch that needs to be scratched and this game simply isn't doing it.  This game was a total misfire by the publisher and developer and to me felt like a money grab to build a cheap knock off of a roller coaster tycoon game to seperate me from my money.  I have played many early access games that have streadly improved over there course to launch but this game although they added features never really addressed some of the key gameplay features it lacks that make for a fun gaming experience.  They have still been releasing updates for it so who knows maybe I'll change this review if they ever truely fix what is broken with this game."
76561198026361430,Not Recommended,282560,33107204,Posted: 1 July,all,fiveironbrad,My heart is broken. Like this game.
,Not Recommended,282560,26673093,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Polybius,*Not comparing to Planet Coaster (I bought both).This is by far the worst game i ever bought!Why?Read the other negative comments.
76561198166506755,Not Recommended,282560,33868851,Posted: 28 July,all,jraguy5 | gamekit.com,"I tried playing it, 20 seconds after I started it, it froze and it keep freezing on me"
76561197998069622,Not Recommended,282560,18780091,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,adam.collinson,"So disappointed! iI am hoping it is just a case of getting used to the game mechanics, but making a rollercoaster is just not fun! its terrible. It would help with some tutorials maybe once the gme is released properly? After an hour and a half i made one simple path and thats it. I tried a rollercoaster twice, banking curves are impossible, it just says too steep even when its clearly a gentle bank. So the rollercoaster falls off as the corners are flat. Just so gutting, I have waited years for this and I am worried I have completely wasted my money.EDIT.after a further 90 mins playing the beta, the game is just broken.- cannot delete rollercoaster parts resulting in unfinishable tracks.- just not any fun at all- frequenty crshing and broken. i know its a beta but its out in just over a month and this needs a lot longer to make playable-rollercoaster falls through tracks- takes an hour to make the most terribleof rollercoasters, not realistic,editing is a nightmare. I am a 35 year old and this is just not any fun in any way at all. RCT 1,2and 3 were so much fun building rollercoasters, this just is not.requested refund.AVOID until fully released and reviews available for the finished product."
76561198034904690,Not Recommended,282560,18830008,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,clahja,"Review is for 3/30/2016 Early AcessUm, no more like early beta. Need more maint, cleaner and medic buildings than rides. Entertainers ...don't entertain. Number of cars are locked to 1 on coasters. Scenery is bland and will be quickly workshop replaced by real talent. Footprint of smaller rides dispropotional. Peeps are generic and very repetitive. Google 'amusement park crowd' and click images, that is what peeps should look like. Hungry peeps will only eat at their preferred food stand so you have to place 5 food stands that are bigger than some rides everywhere to feed the puke piles at the end of every ride, yes every ride including a slide. Cotten candy, ice cream, sno cones are all great shops, but not in this game, just a one sweets vendor, yet 5 different food types, lol.In november they handed us a turd, we handed it back. Now it is still a turd with sugar poured on it, but it still tastes like a turd. On the plus side they seemed to have improved the coaster builder, but that is all that was fixed. No billboards generic or custom. No custom music. Tiles look like 80's sidescroller tiles. Other sim games from 2006 did better at tiles than this one.Finally would I recommend....um NO! Still early beta, wait a few years for the community to fix.Review is for 11/1/2015 BetaPhysics are severely broken. Coaster works fine in test, then kills everyone on first hill. Coaster cars from failed runs lay on ground or track preventing modification or testing. old track still ghosts so after so much editing, coaster can not be moved to rid self of wrecked cars. Don't speed up time or cars will fly off map. Customers have no personality and look like ghosts(Come to find out this was a Halloween intended prop). I understand it's still beta, but just say in patch notes that you want to make sure it boots up and nothing works right still. No custom billboards found either.Don't bother spinning your wheels, it's not ready yet.11/2/2015 edited typos and Peeps coment. Still would not recommend till a lot of bugs are fixed. It is still beta and I hope that is the reason, but this is not my first beta rodeo and this is the buggiest game I've beta tested."
76561197993296518,Recommended,282560,18783979,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Morvau4,"GREAT POSSIBILITIESThat being said, it is currently unplayable in its current state. Beta or not, there are no options to adjust graphics for performace issues, the coaster builder is an amazing idea, but its just wierd and difficult to use."
76561198281264067,Not Recommended,282560,22837396,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,nathanchristian1112,This game is very laggy. Can you guys please fix it.
76561198029996391,Recommended,282560,22154031,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Smoodgems,"Okay so I have been a huge fan of the RCT games since the launch of the first one.  That being said, I know there are a lot of things that are still sketchy with RCTW.  I was not fortunate enough to have been able to play this during Beta.  However, I wish people would not be so impatient and give it a chance.  I realize RCTW was in the works for a VERY long time and I was one of the people who was very much looking forward to its release.  I think for an Early Access game, it's quite good!  Some of the best games I have played have been Early Access games and while they were a bit low grade at their release, they are absolutely amazing now!  I believe RCTW has more than enough potential to be one of those games.  The devs did state that some things were limited due to the fact that it is Early Access and that they are still putting work into it.  There are definitely some graphical issues that need to be worked through and I would like to see the ability to change the colors of rides and incorporate our own music.  I can also see the some minor glitches in free form tracks and paths where it is difficult to create the exact shape that you want.  However, I feel that overall, it is a wonderful game!  I am really shocked at all the negative Early Access feedback.  It's EARLY ACCESS!  Meaning.....the devs want to know what the community wants to see done to create a better gaming experience.  They don't want a bunch of nasty comments about how their product was a flop and you should just go play some other rollercoaster game.  That is not at all constructive.Anyway, yes, I would highly recommend this game and if you go into it with an open mind, looking at its future potential and not its current failures, then I think you will have a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,282560,29454766,Posted: 23 January,all,EJNiels,"I feel it necessary to post my own review of this game, which seems to be panned for its inability to run on every PC out there. This is NOT RCT2 or even RCT3. But it IS a nice game with great graphics and a very challenging Story Mode.I am an avid, Longtime PC gamer (25+ years). I've played every Rollercoaster Tycoon game, and loved them. I STILL play RCT3 with my children. I am VERY critical of games that don't meet up to their billing. This new Iteration is NOT deserving of the bashing it is getting.Yes, the computer requirements are steep. If you just meet the Minimum requirements, you will have a Minimum game experience. Don't put this game on the Schlock list just because your computer isn't kept ""Latest & Greatest"".The Story Mode gives you a goal with a challenging start point, and you move from scenario to scenario as you complete the tasks for each level. I like the ""Tycoon Points"" for purchasing new designs/technologies, as it adds more depth than the previous games had. There IS a sandbox mode, where you can stretch your legs and get used to the interface and perfect your coaster-building before wasting a lot of cash in the Story Mode. You can USE the Tutorial in there to walk thru the various elements of gameplay, and learn just how different it is from previous RCT games it is.Ther may ber a few, minor hassles like dropping a mechanic at a broken ride, then watching him walk completely away from it just to go check on a working ride. But that doesn't warrant a Terrible review.My recommendation: Test Drive it for yourself. Steam guarantees your satisfaction, right? Purchase and play it for an hour. That will let you see if your PC can run the game. Plus, it will give you a quick look into the interface and the Story Mode. If it sucks to you, get your money back, but don't go Flaming it on the reviews."
,Recommended,282560,22152643,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,"Randy ""Macho Man"" Savage","I want to put a break in the train of hatred this game seems to be getting. First off, yes. I have not played Coaster Planet. Does Coaster Planet look nice? Yes. So does this, however. Are there things that I'd like to see improve? Well sure. That can be said about many games and this, fortunately, is still being worked on. For what I've got, I'm more than happy. Now that my little rant is over, allow me to explaid why I recomment this game:Gameplay: Overall, the game plays more or less exactly like RollerCoaster Tycoon 3. The game does try to move away from the grid system, however there is an optional grid you can enable to make your work more precise. While the grid feature does require some touching up to allow for things to be more exact, it still works and helps. The Coaster Builder is also updated to bring a, in my opinion, more indepth and detailed construction process. You no longer are restricted to certain angles allowing you to have a lot more freedom in your design. It will also display data on how your speed is distributed on the track, how fast you are going at a given place, etc. I had a good amount of fun playing with it. Going back to paths, you can also make curved paths this time removing your restriction to blocky pathways. Overall the game plays the same, just with some slight tweeks and updates.Graphics: This seems to be another contested area. The game definitely went away from the cartoonish theme of old in favor of realism. This doesn't bother me too much (Yes, I've played every RCT game. Yes, I understand the style was cartoony in all of them. Sure, go ahead and call me a casual, not a fan, etcc.) The overall user interface looks clean, perhaps not ""super uber professional"" with its art direction like some may desire. However, it works, it looks good, and I like it. A lot of what you would expect out of a RCT interface is there.Overall: There really isn't a whole lot for me to pick on with this game. It is exactly what I'd expect from a RollerCoaster Tycoon game, there are definitely some improvements over RCT3, but there are defintely areas to improve on. I will still continue to play it and enjoy it and definitely looks forward to what will come in the game's future. If you are on the fence of buying this game, do understand this is a work in progress, and understand that it really is not half as bad as people seem to think it is. You will enjoy it nonetheless if you enjoyed past RCT games."
,Not Recommended,282560,22636267,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,✪ Sgt. Speirs [51st] ✪,Since the update there is alot more bugs and it is more laggy then it was before. There are still the same glitches as before till they fix this i am giving this game a Thumbs Down.
76561198184896637,Not Recommended,282560,23151588,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,TacticalFear316,"Bought, Downloaded, Booted the game, started campaign and immediately said to myself this feels and looks a lot like the original roller coaster tycoon. NOTHINGS CHANGED! I was expecting a huge visual overhaul i.e. original sim city to the new sim city. Things just still seem pixalated, the framerate is ridiculously bad. It doesnt feel polished or new. Save yourselves the cash and buy the old Roller Coaster tycoons. I grew up on this franchise, sim city and sims on pc and was excited when I saw this was coming.....huge nastalgic letdown!"
76561198005821807,Recommended,282560,22152701,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,grif16,Loading in the game is terrible. It SEEMS to lock up when trying to load anything.  BUT if you play a video on youtube in the background or have anything else that is constantly moving the cpu forward then the game loads and runs like a dream.Paths can be better. It seems that they are too clunky. I want square paths as a design.  Gaining money seems slow too. The alert system is in your face all the time. Slow it down a bit or make the notification smaller.  Let us set an unspecified chain speed. Or lets us hire more than 3 maintence at the start. Even when i had minimal coasters they couldnt keep up with puke. Area to build park should be 3-5 times larger to start with. One time coaster takes up a third of the map. paths take up another....soooo stalls and crap for the other third and you are kinda maxed out.I want a highlight delete tool. A highlight terrain modifier for flat options.Need way more graphics options.  Need a way to set view distance and different shadow qualities.  Will be updating as i see what else.Early access is nice...But the game wasnt even close to done.   Maybe at a beta standpoint.  NEEDS some work with everything. Maybe make it clear that you are going to be spending quite some time on the game. because everyone thinks that you guys might cut and run. They want assurance They want to know that you guys are making the game becasue you are fans too and are not there becasue you have to be. That has to come across. More nuance is needed in telling people what you are trying to do. Not just we are gonna do this Thank you.
76561198031040112,Recommended,282560,22340982,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,LW,"I typically do not write reviews, however I almost did not buy this game based on all the negative reviews that seem to be stemming from a fan fued between RCT and Planet Coaster. I was worried about the whole 'early access' and if this was even goingt o run properly on my older comptuters. I took the Planet Coaster comments seriously and did look into their product (I'm not sure how it is a 'game' yet... seems more like 'build only' platform which does not interest me) - I'll keep it on my Radar. ANYWAYS - the reason I am writing my review, was I almost did not buy RCTW because of all the mud being flung in this fued. It took several youtube video's to convince me that the product was ready... so here is is..THIS PRODUCT IS WORTH IT - PARTICULARLY IF YOU ARE A FAN OF THE ORIGINALS.There is enough working so it feels like a finished product. There are scenarious, multiple (10?+) coaster types, 100's? of rides, etc. The scenery selection is decent, however it is a little light on the themes.The new coaster creator - You can either create a coaster the 'old' way (piece by piece w/ a button editor) or with their new spline based system. I work in 3D all day long, but first started with the 'old' way for comfort sake. In my second park, I only built w/ the new system.There are SOME glittches. Paths sometimes don't want to snap together right, but they will 99% of the time, they just might not be 'pretty'. - they will NOT impeed the play of the game. General sim animation glitches, but again, this doesn't seem to impeed the play of the game.  Food/Drink stands don't snap to the edge of paths, so you need to place them and make a very short path to the path etc. etc. NONE OF THESE ELEMENTS STOP YOU FROM PLAYING!Also, I'm fairly happy to report that so far they do seem to be improving the game w/ updates.ANYWAYS - is you are a fan, and you're getting cold feet based on the reviews from the haters... hopefully this review will help you make a decision to buy. The only type of person I'd not recomend this to is someone w/ OCD that needs their parks to look perfectly symetrically and pretty. That's not going to happen yet. Play for the game itself, or play in sandbox mode to make really really awesome roller coasters. (which by the way you need a hack to use in planet coaster? WTF?)The only thing I may add, is if you're going to have to starve yourself for a week to save up th $50, eat... or maybe eat PB&J and buy RCT3 (assuming it will still run on Windows 10) for the 20 or whatever to get your fix and see where this price will end up - but $50 for a game like this, is not a bad investment."
76561198104935787,Not Recommended,282560,22409341,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,hallinan.jack,"I was so excitied for this game as i have loved RCT for many years but this is just shocking! It lags so much that the ""peeps"" arent on the rides sometimes they are just floating. I don't know if you can set it up to allow you to but the screen view will not move with the mouse which can be frustrating. The builder is the worst, yes they have tried to make it more realistic but it makes it so restricted. The on ride views are not moveable so you cant look around whilst on the ride. the constant notifications that ""peeps"" arent happy in sandbox mode just get right in the way. The types of coaster you can have are cut back to a minium, I could go on and write an assay with all the things wrong with this game. This game marks the death of the RCT fanchise"
76561197970214731,Recommended,282560,22638457,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Jamesfle,"A lot of people are ""rating the game"" on an UNFINISHED Early Access game (But its what steam is calling these games). It should be called a Beta really . This might define it better for people thinking this is an oppurtunity to play a finished game before its released to everyone. If u hate buggy games that arent ready, the Beta and Early access games arent for u! It has the makings of a half-decent game, bugs are expected. I have personally played a lot of Betas, test environments and Early Access games. So i expect bugs and report them. Find me one game without bugs, but its already released? lolThe game has the makings of a good new RCT, only updated to 2016. It should become better than RCT3 if it keeps on track and fixes the problems. I could point out lots of the ""bugs"" but that would only put u off, the same as the other negative reviews, Again judging a game on its current state, instead of how great it could be on release. Its not all about better graphics and animations. It is well on track to have better interaction between player and the NPCs (seeing what they need, what they have spent, what they think of your park, etc). It has more shops, rides and a rollercoaster builder (for you to create your own great ride) and custom content, that will be shared on the Steam Workshop between players.If you are worried about its current state, hold off buying, dont read more into the negative youtube videos and reviews, etc. Remember, its about the finished release version 1.0 that you should be concerned with. THEN read the real reviews and pass judgement on the game and then decide to buy or not!"
,Not Recommended,282560,18785937,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,tomsmith902,"the coaster editior is terrible. why didnt they just do a piece by piece design like every other game.the lift hills do not look realistic at all! they worked with six flags on this how come lift hills look like drops witha chain on it.extremely let down, they need to change the coaster editor by making striaght pieces then able to click back on the node to bend and shape it the way you want.the rest of the game looks good. but full aspect of the game has been let down big time. why cant atari get it right?planet coaster will.change it atari!!!"
76561198031543183,Recommended,282560,33410788,Posted: 9 July,all,Mike Karman,"I bought the game during the summer sale for five Euros despite the extremely negative reviews. I played the game and enjoyed the game a lot.- controls are a bit weird, but once You learn how everything is done, it's fine.- management is challenging. Staff wages and upkeep costs of rides are so high that You actually have to work to make some money and plan ahead.- Building coasters is extremeley fun. You can do pretty much anything. Last night I built a looping coaster and suddenly my nephew demands, that the loop is inverted, so that the people are actually not riding inside the loop but on top. Two clicks and it was done. Quite genious.- Decorating and building structures piece by piece is - in my opinion - much easier than in RCT3. The whole system seems more intelligent.- Fulfilling different more or less challenging goals each mission gives You points which You can invest to buy new scenery or types of rides or blueprints for rides and buildings. I like that system. Gives You something to work for.I also experience that the game freezes once per start. But that freeze takes about ten seconds and then the game runs perfectly smoothly. Definitely not a reason for a thumbs down.TL;DRThe game is very good. Not at all as broken as the reviews make it seem to be."
76561198014345050,Recommended,282560,22765359,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,mlt103045,Good game but there are a few problems. As the graphics still need improving most of the ride i would love are not on here like a log flume. The campain section isnt letting me build anything
,Recommended,282560,22771524,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,l-GodLi3K-l,"I like it, except the sudden crashing of the game when the game does not even fully process the guest AIs.I hope the team is working on the performance side more than anything as I have a mid-high end PC which fails to keep the game open with 2 rollercoasters even at lowest graphics settings. Thumbs up at the possibilities, thumbs down about how you may have developed a wrong engine for this game."
,Not Recommended,282560,18815214,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,mike,"I'm a longtime fan of RCT, and have played every version (except mobile), and I've been so looking forward to this beta.  Unfortunately, In it's current iteration, it is hopelessly broken.  Splines are too hard to control so on paths, curbs overlap curbs and you cannot control the angles.  There is also next to no control documentation, so if there is a way to control it, it's not easy to find.  I was hoping it would be closer to ready by now, but 5 weeks away has got to be a joke.  This needs MONTHS of work.  For this to be good at launch, NVIZZIO is going to have to pull a serious rabit out of it's hat."
76561197961238669,Recommended,282560,24367770,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,bangmybucket,"Have had the game since the first initial early access and it was a nightmare, HOWEVER, the constant updates and communication between gamers and developers is incredible, they are listening to everyones feedback and actioning it very quicky, the difference in the game now, compared to how it was 3 months ago is huge - keep up the good work."
76561197972438302,Not Recommended,282560,25276294,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dryst,This Game Is Too Slow-AAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,282560,18781961,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,LJMLogan™,(Note: This reveiw is about the beta)It is exactly like what i expected the beta to be. it is good but very glitchy. A big problem is that the tutorial mode is LOCKED and it took me way longer than it should have to learn how to make a rollercoaster go up. I am very used to RCT3's coaster editor and it will take long to adapt to the new game style.Everything else is great about this game. The graphics look good adn when you learn the new layout it is really enjoyable.
76561198296675963,Not Recommended,282560,22274273,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,jamesliberto18,I really dont like the game so i want a refund so can you please read back@jamesliberto18@yahoo.com
76561198274954496,Recommended,282560,24326740,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,sheltonn95,"I know the game is still being put together, but i hope it's hardly done because so much is missing. All the features we all know and love from RCT3 like peep designer, etc. are all gone. Hardly a fraction of the flatrides, water rides, pools, coasters, and transport rides are not in the game. The new grid system really takes some getting used to. You can't edit the land square in line with the grid anymore which is disapointing. The peeps walk around with less intelligence than the one's from RCT2. All in all, the game needs drastic amounts of new and old features put into it. I know the cliffhanger ride, the tilt-awhirl, the tumble bug, caterpillar, and the kangaroo have never been in any of the other versions, but id really love to see them in this game. The fact that you cant build custom buildings and walls like in RCT3 makes me angry. I don't like how que line entrances and exits are pre-attatched to the rides. There are so many limits in this game that should be broken through. My imagination is stressed out from running into all these things I can't do which I should be able to. Why can't I build tunnels anymore? On a brighter note, I do love the fact that some of the flatrides left out of all the previous versions are finally in the game, and the newer features such as the variable paths. I will keep this review updated."
76561198053136937,Not Recommended,282560,26760248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jamie,"Everyone has that one game that made them vow to never pre-order anything again, this is that game for me.- Broken- Unfinished- Brings shame to a classic game series- Not Planet Coaster"
76561198026441907,Not Recommended,282560,22239484,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Frankie,"nope such a disaster, dont buy unless ur rich and dont care about ur money!"
76561198125915809,Not Recommended,282560,22291721,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,mgosfinest,57% not happy
76561198299331686,Not Recommended,282560,22566571,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,svj.pvt,The packages are not able to load... They are getting stuck at 57% and then the game crashes.
,Not Recommended,282560,32530811,Posted: 18 June,all,MrKylemc1209,Get Planet Coaster I Have So I Am Selling This
76561198007388273,Recommended,282560,22182753,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,HeadHuntR,"If you want to play a amusement park game in early access - rollercoaster tycoon world could fit the bill for youIs it early access - yesdoes it have bugs - yesis it unfinished - yesgraphic problems - yes.In short it is early access.But more importantly - is it playable???? Yes it is. Does everything works - no, but enough core mechanichs does.-Path tool is prety good with the exception of a minor bug affecting it-Flat rides can be placed and are in ""working condition more or less""-Scenery can be placed- Coaster - both prebuildt and custom can be buildt. Custom coaster tool is prety good, a little frustrating to figure out, but overall does a decent job.- Economy is in place-Stalls and shops are in place-Didn't test the terrain editor but the button was thereIs this worth your money - depends on you - Go watch youtube or something to figure it out"
,Recommended,282560,22333026,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AdrianGrimm,"Short and sweet; if they fix the pathing issues, add some more scenery options, and allow us to recolor rides (currently you can only change the color of coaster parts)...I'd have no problem fully recommending this. Being that it's still in Early Access, I'm a bit more forgiving. However, by the time the proper release rolls around, if the current issues are still withstanding, then I'd have no qualms about updating my review and recommendation.All in all, do your research about RCTW. Yes, Planet Coaster is all around a better theme park sim as it stands, but it's double the price to buy in to Planet Coaster's alpha. If you're on a budget, and want a new park sim, and can deal with it's quirks, I don't see why anyone shouldn't give RCTW a try. And with Steam now allowing refunds, if you dislike it that much, you can always get your money back."
,Not Recommended,282560,22429261,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,The_Epic_Killer,"Well, I played the Game for 3 hours but it misses many aspects the old ones had like the Building, the parkvisitors still called PEEPS and more."
76561198298302108,Not Recommended,282560,22466156,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,aidanrwest33,Laggy But still good
,Not Recommended,282560,22573449,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Still waiting for some GOOD updates.especialy the Gel water, weird road connecting, broken default rides...Lagg while placing roads etc...distgusting peeps in distance...yeh this thing is bad as of yet, you're best of playing rct 3 and before...At this point the game is still too broken to be called positive but hopefully will change in the future for a full review...-----------------------------------edit: they fixed a few things, but you're still better of buying planet coaster!Thx devs for destroying the rollercoaster tycoon franchise"
76561198263429577,Not Recommended,282560,22479352,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,chengjustin333,"I'm so sorry. I like the franchise so much but this is not much better than RCT3. I can play Elite Dangerous and Pixel Gun World with NO LAG, but in this game it lags like EVERY SECOND. I refunded it."
76561197985501608,Recommended,282560,22183618,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,crewbie,"Its ok, work to be done, but its early access, good detailing when zoomed in, looking forward to the updates as they come."
76561198123912474,Not Recommended,282560,22310581,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,montypro96,"I had this game for a while actually liked it, and BAM.  The company REVOKED my game for some reason and took my hard earned cash and did not even say anything in response so now i can't even play this game.*Update: Eventhough they contacted me of my last review they did not help at all they just asked a question which i kindly answered but for 5 months they havent responded yet."
76561198104211300,Recommended,282560,23546633,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Zeebz18,Great game all though its very laggy on my computer it defenitly reminds me of Rct3 the roller coaster building is great though i do miss the kart color customizeation and istill dont know how to rotate things its the noestalgia of Rct3 and others but i do see alot of potential and... more dinosaur decorations i want to make a jurassic park. XD
76561198046681593,Recommended,282560,23875482,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CasaTyler,"I've been playing RTC 3 for hours and hours. Ok it is not the best for now. But it is an EARLY ACCESS. people always want everything in an instant. The point of an EARLY ACCESS (I repeat cause it's seems some will never get it) is to give the game a run in public to get FEED BACKS not HATE BACKS. Of course I know many of you such as me like it anyway. Fact is Haters will hate as always. And those who make me laugh with all the bad review without touching RTC before makes me laugh.- More freedom- Smother tools then the rest of the franchise- A beautiful look like the lights are great- Community content is pretty cool people are really doing great stuff- A dev team that listen to feed back and work their best- Less bulding tools (in progress they keep hadding)- Not much coasters yet but new ones in progress- Huge problem with water tool.. hapened to me to have 1 m of water on the all map...(dig a huge whole till all the water is in it, make it back to groud level till you get one small whole and suck off the water with tool ^^)Can't judge scenario for now not gonna lie, haven't tried it yet. But still  last time ^^ it's an EARLY ACCESS no one got a gun on your head to buy it so why spit on it for free? Anyway if you really like the RTC this one will be tones of fun give it time. You can't build the perfect game in one throw. Mostly a RTC wich is a combination of sooooo much things in one little Amusement park wich can be modify in any possible way. ;)"
76561198097750852,Recommended,282560,23912650,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,willisj0,"I held off buying RCTW because of the mostly negative reviews on here. Since buying and playing though, I have enjoyed the game but can see why it has attracted some negativity.I think a lot more work is needed to bring this game up to an acceptable standard but as it is Early Access I am hoping the devs will deliver on their promised improvements, and soon. I have found the game becomes quite quickly boring due mainly to the lack of content, especially park transportation (Devs: please add URGENTLY!!). The lack of flat, water and other non-coaster rides also limits the game severely; I mean, you can only have so many teacup rides and observation towers in a park.The lack of supplied scenery is bad and I have found it difficult to use the workshop items, mainly because a lot of contributors dont proivde any sort of description for their work.  This comment does not lessen my gratitude to the creators of such content for their hard work and generosity in sharing!!The scenarios are somewhat irritating. In RCT3, if you fail a scenario you get another chance in a month or so but in RCTW, if you fail after 12 months, you lose the whole lot and have to start again from scratch. I can usually reach Bronze Level easily in these but then lose everything after the 12 month period has expired when trying for Silver and Gold.I think the animations need some tweaking. For example peeps floating along paths, doors and gates do not open and close with peeps floating through them etc. Small items but important for the overall feel of thepark. Control of park staff is a major issue especially the janitors. In earlier games, I likes being able to assign work areas for staff.I found one ""bug"" that has been annoying i.e. when placing most of the ""upmarket"" restaurants, I cannot connect paths to them. Even on a completely flat sandbox park I get the red error indicator when trying to join paths to, for example, the Ice Cream Parlor and Salad Restaurants (and others). I am fairly sure this is a game issue and not my lack of understanding on placement.Rollercoaster Tycoon and Transport Tycoon were the first games I played on PC and I love the tycoon genre. This latest version of the RCT franchise has quite a way to go but overall, I would happily recommend it."
76561198039271057,Recommended,282560,23318116,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Jaguar,"I\'m definitley liking it better than RCT 3. There are a few things i dont like such as the paths and the way the roller coaster track reconnects when you delete, but all-in-all, it\'s a lot better. Smoother graphics is the main thing you would notice if compared to the older games and the free build roller coaster building gives a lot more oppurtunities for building. Also I think the rating needs to be changed. The simplest coaster will have an extreme intesity and very low excitment. Other than that, it is great!"
,Not Recommended,282560,25955829,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,✿ sydney ✿,BOOOO
76561198071777037,Not Recommended,282560,22454505,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,jedward913,I paid 60 dollars for a game I can't even play. Outraged. Everytime its loading the package an error occurs at 58%!
76561198204911271,Recommended,282560,22319544,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,anthony4321g,"I love this game! I put Sci-Fi music in the bathroom and it was hillarious! P.S. Atari thanks for the mini update! The only thing I'd like is for it to work better with less gaming-like computers, and not freeze or kick you out like it does on my computer. Thanks!"
76561198114673844,Not Recommended,282560,26752086,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SimManiac (Alex),"Great franchise, terrible game. Just play Planet Coaster, no point in buying this hot mess."
,Not Recommended,282560,18802668,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,The Zin,Sorry atari... i dont have the hopes up for this one.as the other reviewers for this says: it is pretty but it is brokenand i that had so much hope for this gameleave the rollercoaster games to frontier
76561198198245850,Recommended,282560,22201518,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,bradley.mattia,"This is a great start to the game, it is in early access and what people seem to not understand is that it has room to improve.  They even start you out with a letter (I am sure most people don't read it) but it said it was in early access to improve, and to fix the bugs.  I have enjoyed making some cool coasters so far on the game, and I don't regret buying it."
,Not Recommended,282560,22722822,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,GotRibs,its not that good :(
76561198051812828,Recommended,282560,23112725,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,martin_cheetham,If im being very honest this game can get buggy and the peeps can be flipping annoying. but this game is still fun!!!
76561198278432098,Recommended,282560,22167515,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,louisep,"There is a lot of negative reviews about rollercoaster world and yes it took me a couple of hours to get used to how the game works, turn rides/shops etc around, but now ive got the hang of it im finding the game quite promising. I think the developers have got the right idea and have done a good job with what they have done so far. Yes its got some issues with gitches and sound and sometimes my people just suddenly freeze but this is early access. I like how much easier it is to build rollercoasters and i like all the personal touches that you can do with them, at the same time im glad theyve kept the pre-made rollercoasters. I also think the detail thats gone into the stations is really good. I was a little unsure about space but after 2 hours of playing i found that this was just me not knowing how to play the game yet, because you can buy more land by going on the terrain tool button, and i found if i pressed the letter n ( i play on my laptop) it allows you to place buildings closer to rides etc. I like what theyve done with the themes, and have been able to make a western and an adventure area with what is available in this early access game. I am looking forward to see what the updates will bring. The only negatives ive found so far is deleting items such as bins, lamposts etc im finding you have to put your mouse in a certain spot for it to highlight. Deleting the trees and bushes one at a time is also a little tedious as i cant find an option to delete a large area at a time, id like atari to look into putting a multi- tool delete option or something similiar to fix this. Ive also found that i cant place rides or anything if theres trees etc in the way without deleting them all yourself and then finding the ride you wanted again so i would also like the rides etc to automatically delete the trees etc for you.  nearly forgot but Im not liking the staff limit, im ending up with lots of staff buildings which only allow 3 staff and the cleaners dont seem to do anything because after placing 5 cleaner buildings my parks still a mess, I see them cleaning but it doesnt seem to make any difference, same for mechanics too. I know there will be larger building available but i can imagine me just having lots of larger staff buildings everywhere. Other than that im happy with what ive seen so far.Since playing further ive had issues reloading a saved game it just crashes saying virtual memory to low to play game, but my virtual memory is fine. Also after being on any rollercoaster every person that comes of is sick which you can never clean up, all cleaners go there so the rest of your park turns into a tip. Also i cant seem to place benches etc on a higher up path."
,Not Recommended,282560,22150566,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BPCD,"Here are things that sucks about RCTW early access:*You can't right click to move, only use WASD or arrow keys to move.*When you tried to build paths, they will auto connect to the closest path.*Game crashed when I change the graphics settingsPlease WAIT until Atari fixes these problems. If the final release is worst, then I am DEFINITLY getting Planet Coaster.I've been a fan of RCT since the original RCT I was 2 in 2001. One of my all time favorites was RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 because the game supports mods like Amazing Earl's rides like the swimming pool. I was also DISAPPOINTED with RCT4M because the game was like Farmville and had microtransactions to the game and RCT3D because of park limits in-game.5/4/2017: I just deleted this game out of my library and will be saving up for Planet Coaster."
,Recommended,282560,22182611,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,powerman984,"love this game, of corse there's a few bugs and not many rides but the overall game is built well and with good feedback and time i think this game has the makings to be as good if not better than the first game. Early Accsess is good but if you don't want too spend too much on a game that is kinda laggy and not 100% all the time just wait for it to come out of EA,  The UGC will be great and im glad that is in the game"
76561198037465297,Recommended,282560,32660790,Posted: 22 June,all,Darkwolf623,personally i quite like this game granted its no Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 but its not awful im having fun with it :3 so another Roller Coster Tycoon game i own and love rather happy ^-^ i am shocked on how much im enjoying this game after alll the bad things i heard im rather liking it but hey everythone is diffrent lol
,Not Recommended,282560,22149151,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Stenton,"As a RCT fan, I was so excited to play this. I played all of the previous titles of the series and loved every second of them. But when I started to play this, I felt so disappointed.I have a GTX 980. Why am I getting such low framerates with graphics that are so blurry? Take the peeps and workers for example; their textures are pretty hideous. The flat rides flooring doesn’t even match my current path designs. RCT3 managed to do this so why can’t this?I was so excited for the scenarios and when I played them, it wasn’t enjoyable compared to how the scenarios worked in the previous titles. In RCT3 for example; had custom entrances, descriptive objectives on a simple UI objective board. But in this game, every scenario has the same entrance on all three levels with only a terrain change and has simple objectives with ugly white UI. I had to go back to RCT3 and RCT2 and play those scenarios again.I say don’t buy this game now. Wait a few months/year. There are other coaster tycoon games that are currently being developed. Planet Coaster for people who enjoyed Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 (which is in early alpha and it’s prettier than this. However, Planet Coaster Alpha costs £49.) and for people who enjoyed RCT1 and RCT2 there is Parkitect (Alpha cost £15). Those two games are shaping up to be great coaster games. I suggest following their progress."
76561197962149741,Not Recommended,282560,31674328,Posted: 10 May,all,No More Ducks,TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198168692601,Recommended,282560,23509173,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Professor_Pi,"Ok, so they must have made some drastic improvements over the past couple of months because all the negative reviews I was reading is NOT what I have experienced thus far.  Yes, it is early release and there are minor things that need to be added but nothing that is game breaking.  I would like to see more finely tuned staff control (a la rct3) and more flat rides.  I would also like to see the fonts fixed for the park details because its hard to read (its not too small, i have good vision, its straight up hard to read, like missing pixels or something).  I also liked being able to run advertising for specific rides in the older titles, that'd be nice to have back as well.That all said, I love all the new features with the terrain, roller coaster builder, and path builder.  It all works pretty darn well and its way more intuitive and efficient than the previous titles.  I can honestly say that I've put in a good bit of time into this game already and am not tired of it yet.  I need more flat rides to fill out my park but I have confidence those are still coming.This is going to be the best RCT game by far, if they keep listening to the players and continue to fix and release content at the rate they are currently."
,Recommended,282560,22201896,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,OOQueso,"I'll recommend it, but I'd wait (from the time of writing this review) about a week, maybe a month for the developers to sort out the issues. It's a graphic-intensive game, so make sure your hardware is up to spec. Lots of issues to figure out still, such as jittery peeps, peeps without some animations, and at one point, I had all of my peeps disappear instantly, but I could still hear them.Give Nvizzio time. It's Early Access, so it makes sense. But props to them on a decent first pass for release. This game holds a very promising future."
,Not Recommended,282560,30398019,Posted: 8 March,all,MontyDyson,NOPE
76561197964667361,Recommended,282560,22153393,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,LordKensington,"As of now,I am generally pleased with the early access. i would much prefer the full version, but for now this is enough to wet my appetite.I did not play the beta, so I cannot say how much different it is, and as of now I have yet to build coasters (my own or pre built) but i do like what i see so far.They make a point of explaining this is still early access, and I appreciate that this is still not the finished game, so hopefully it will be much more improved than now.would I recommend? yes, but be aware there are limited options for some theming (they do state this) and the camera angles are a little off putting but for now i am satisfied and look forward to the games future"
76561198160908467,Recommended,282560,22153394,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ashleytrue84,"As of right now there are still some things that need to be worked on, but it is early access. Overall right now I would say 8/10 and if they keep working like they are, the game does have the potential to go 10/10. I have a S*** PC and I can run it smooth.Some of the things that are a bit wonky and need tuning have been adressed in the forums and they are actively working and responding as soon as they can."
76561198040856319,Not Recommended,282560,22149561,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,3rdDecibel,Requested my first refund. I'll try it again in a year or so when it isn't crap.
76561198018605777,Not Recommended,282560,22150497,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BigManMyers,"Absolutely awful, i genuinly thought it was a joke when i saw the peeps for the first time"
76561198042659671,Not Recommended,282560,22152383,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jaws900,I spent more time with the hour I had this game for fighting with the controls than playing with the game
,Not Recommended,282560,25952529,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Lilithvia,"Before I start, I'd like to mention I'm an avid RCT fan.I purchased the game expecting the same greatness every other RCT title has delivered on. I got freeform coasters, paths, and Part by Part buildings, but the lack of a map editor, small parks compared to even RCT2, insane waiting times for the game to load, not to mention the lack of coasters, rides, terraforming, and the like more than cancel out the few promising features. I'll be going back to RCT3P, because a game 12 years old is insanely more fun than this black hole scrap heap of coding.Where's my ability to make custom peeps? Or design scenarios? What happened to the hundreds of different ride types? Even with all nine squares unlocked, the usable area in the park is horrid, even more so when you add trees, hills, vertical cliffs, and water to your already limited build area. I regret purchasing this game, AND the ""digital deluxe"" DLC. If things don't improve drastically and soon, I think I might refund my purchase."
76561198049496024,Not Recommended,282560,31148459,Posted: 14 April,all,drew52mj,"Should have stuck to its indie game style, which is what we loved playing."
,Not Recommended,282560,31175793,Posted: 16 April,all,Tallon IV,"NOT RECOMMENDED! Do NOT buy this.I really want to like this game. The game mechanics are ok, and i really like the coaster builder. There is alot of different things and parks to play with and a quite lenghty campaing.Some stuff is really dull tho, the peeps dont have any real emotions and most of the rides are just plain generic.But the worst thing is, that the game is completely unplayable. It keeps freezing and crashing all the time, it eats all the ram in your machine, and even in empty park, the fps is REALLY low. With my mid-high end pc, ive got max 40fps on medium graphics.At the moment, im at the 3rd, yes, 3rd campaing mission, and i cant get further, as the game crashes already after only 2 rides built.I took a long break, and now, after multiple updates and ""fixes"", i tought it might have been a working game. Nope, it has only got worse.*Edit*Another big problem is with the roads. Even tho the idea behind them is kinda good, they dont work.Either you cant get them to snap, they make weird curves, or they get buried in ground."
76561198009256474,Not Recommended,282560,31125765,Posted: 13 April,all,Flammingsnowball,"As a fan of RTC I really wanted to like this game but the constant crashing, freezing, and general poor performance just kill this game.  I wouldn't recommend this for anyone."
76561198134415531,Not Recommended,282560,35206762,Posted: 25 September,all,uscsantapod,HELL NO i been waiting and holding off buying it i thought ill just try it as i love rollercoaster tycoon i played it for 13 mins and im schocked at the grapics rollercoaster 3 looked better and i had that on windowss 98 so poorwill be going back to the last game planet coaster for me now gutted
76561198244549724,Not Recommended,282560,27250669,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doc That Kills,I actually forgtot i had this game after playing so much planet coaster
76561198265417364,Not Recommended,282560,27188730,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dustin.paynep,"I still can't use the game... bought bata in JULY... and contacted tech support... they said they were aware of the glitch I was having and would email me when the game programers made the needed patch...THAT WAS IN JULY.... don't waste your money, because they wont reply to my tech support request and the REFUSE to give me my money back.. HAVEN'T PLAYED THE GAME ONCE!"
,Not Recommended,282560,22149406,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Exlitee,Graphics are poorly optimized even with an i7 and a GTX 970. This game still needs a lot of work. Hoping the graphics get fixed sooner than later otherwise im sticking with planet coaster.Big update from the beta we got back in winter but it is still barely anything without the graphics fix.The game looked better graphics wise in the beta than it does now which I don't understand.
,Recommended,282560,22149859,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Fullmetal Maniac,Its in early access and has some issues but if your looking for a theme park game its pretty fun so far :)
76561198065570648,Not Recommended,282560,22152765,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,smith0626,It keeps on crashing at 57% while it's loading. Hopefully they fix that.
,Not Recommended,282560,22152907,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ShadowStorm,"I got this game, tried this game, then uninstalled and refunded the game.Atari's sequel. A piece of garbae, in the most obvios way ever.The setup along with its interface, is nothing, compared to its counter-part, RollerCoasterTycoon 3, it's terrible. I constantly had to reopen its content due to small icons being annoying to select.The music is a pain to my ears. And the EXTREME lack of features, just no. Its nothing, just nothing close to RCT3.............-10/10"
76561198189605929,Recommended,282560,29879484,Posted: 12 February,all,chasbar,"I have been playing this game since Early Access last August and have enjoyed playing for over 250 hours.  The game has certainly improved since then.  This is a great game and is worth the price.  I paid over $40 and like it just as it is, although there is potential for much more.  While this game does not have all the capabilities of RCT3 it has certainly improved others such as pathing, staff buildings, skeleton buildings to design your own shops etc, better piece by piece building, better rollercoaster designing, better graphics.  No doubt if this game had been developed by Frontier just as it is, it would be getting rave reviews.  This is a great game and will certainly get better."
76561198224068592,Not Recommended,282560,22152913,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,balmutatyler,is anyone else having trouble getting on the game i cant even get on and when i did for once the screen was purple and couldnt do nothing
76561197996978180,Not Recommended,282560,22149393,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,|12.Iftr| Brig. General John,"It needs more updates. I crashed once trying to get into a sandbox game. When I restarted and tried again it worked, but of course there was a new problem.. The whole background was purple and I only saw the grey tool on the bottom of the screen and the lines of the entrance house. Except from that everything was purple. The Menu worked fine though, with no problems. As I said, it needs more updates, and must be fixed upon more.So, for now I do not recommend this game."
76561198009334538,Recommended,282560,22154625,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,swoop34,"All the hate I feel is unwarranted. I enjoy it. I can't do half of what I can in rctw in planet coaster early access. They have 4 rides and no coasters at this point. It is early access, it is not a full release. Are there quirks? Yes. Are there quirks in every early access game? Yes.I think it had such a bad beta weekend that now it is too hard to overcome, but I would give it a shot- especially for half the price of PC. I enjoy it, it still fascinates me."
76561198067725818,Not Recommended,282560,33918292,Posted: 30 July,all,[MLP]Phoenix,"buy Planet Coasterthis is a cheap planet coaster copy, had it for a while now and saw the development, theyre trying their best to copy other games ideas(mostly planet coaster) but the developers slap them together hastily, so they dont work at all or just really badly.in its current state i cant even open the options menu without the game crashingi took a while and gave the game a fair chance(i have low game hours because i played it offline whenever i didnt need online functions, it just appears to work better that way) but its dissapointing and i spend more time playing rollercoaster tycoon 1 and 3 than playing thissad.stats:win 7 home premium x64Intel i5 7600k16 gb ramnvidia geforce gtx 1060"
76561198057970068,Not Recommended,282560,22149006,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,jackowight,"Its not as good as prevoius games, its very buggy, difficult to play not worth the money, in my opinion a waste of time."
76561198093342534,Not Recommended,282560,22149250,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,pchzmn,what the hell just spent 60 on this game and having a very difficult time getting around . camera control sucks i want a refund
,Not Recommended,282560,22149265,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CrustyCumRag,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I have been waiting so long to play this. I have tried 8 times to load the game. All i get is buggy main menu interface and the Game keeps crashing so I can not even play the game I paid $50. granted I love the franchise and I am going to wait and hope they un-♥♥♥♥ themselves beacuase i believe in the franchise. Fix this piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057334621,Not Recommended,282560,22151602,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,dantheman19-90,"Gave it a go, hated it. Felt like the old games from 2000s, you know, the cheaply made games that you see in the bargin bins in stores. Requested a refund and will stick with the other game"
,Not Recommended,282560,32006506,Posted: 27 May,all,Coopziana,"The game itself is pretty fun and progressivly gets more challenging as you make your way through each level.The mechanics for this game are pretty irritating to be honest though. for example, deleting single items like trees and rocks is really hit and miss and you pretty much need to fin the exact pixel to actually highlight the item to delete.My solution for this, is DO NOT use the delete tool. OMG, Game Crash, after Game crash every single time I use that tool. And that's provisind i get past the loading screen. Of course I go back to the main menu a lot to try out different ways to not throw myself into masses of debt. Wouldn't a simply ""Restart level"" button be better Atari? I may be wrong (I'm probably not).So far my experience on this game has not been very fruitful as the majority of my time has been spent restarting levels all over again, since the game crashes so frequently and without warning.Until this game is properly fixed, I cannot recommend it to anyone who wants to retain their sanity."
76561198132743549,Not Recommended,282560,32730981,Posted: 24 June,all,joer2909,"Do not get this it crashes, its got bad grapics and is overall one of the worst games instead. If you want a rollercoaster game get planet coaster which is 100% better than this pile of trash."
76561198031106010,Not Recommended,282560,32658924,Posted: 22 June,all,maitrepa2,"I don't like the interface, hard to use, no challenge, lots of bugs..."
76561198377212218,Not Recommended,282560,32707966,Posted: 23 June,all,EndCubing,"Everything in this game is bad, just get plannet coaster instead."
,Not Recommended,282560,32660683,Posted: 22 June,all,JDExtreme,Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 (released in 2006) beats RTC World hands down. RTC World feels like it was rushed to market. It doesn't have the same feel as RTC 3 where I could quickly design and have a complete park laid out in just a few hours.
,Not Recommended,282560,34884564,Posted: 11 September,all,Shinoangel,"Worked fine the first two hours, then it started crashing when I went to main menu and eventually also in game.With all the other reviews saying it crashes a lot, I won't take my chance that it should be any better for me, now that it has already started crashing.Except for that it seems fine - not great - might as well play the original Rollercoaster Tycoon (I didn't make it to the part of the game where you could actually build custom Rollercoasters though, so I don't know if that part works great or not)I thought it was a bit hard raising and lowering ground properly."
,Not Recommended,282560,34791477,Posted: 7 September,all,karlallibone,Rubbish what  a let down!
,Recommended,282560,22151457,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Apensnitzel,Love the game <3 10/10 would buy again
,Not Recommended,282560,35462610,Posted: 3 October,all,KiingSeal,Worst Game ever
76561198065366062,Not Recommended,282560,18779187,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,HeliosEngineer,"Maybe the final product will be more put-together, but right now it seems barely playable. Started the game, tried to build one roller coaster and ride the ""coaster-cam"", which then caused the game to de-rail (pun heavily intended). My coaster thrill ride ended at the top of the lift chain, where my coaster cam demounted the roller coaster train, fell to the ground, and then resulted in the screen going black. I couldn't access any more of the game controls so I had to force exit. Not looking good so far - hopefully the final product will get it together."
76561198051529220,Not Recommended,282560,18793120,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,kkirkfield,"First off, this review is for the 1st beta weekend, in which the purpose of the beta is to show off the roller coaster builder and to get feedback. After launching the game for the first time, it immediately crashed during the loading screen. That’s definitely not a great start to a beta. The game is riddled with bugs that make the game unplayable. So far, this game isn’t even up to the quality of early-access alpha games by indie developers.Here is a short list of bugs I’ve run into in just the first 2 hours:Clicking a control point on a track randomly changes it rotation values, making it impossible to tweak the coaster without breaking everything.There are memory leaks that cause the game to crash about once an hour.There are occasional crashes during the loading screen.Cars fall through the track on lift chain hills almost every other run.Cars fall through the track of the station as soon as you hit test.Fast forwarding time completely breaks the physics, causing even the slightest turn to throw trains off the rails.The UI for lift chain speeds and booster/break speeds are the size of an ant. You can’t click it, much less read it.The camera controls don’t work while editing coasters, and sometimes freeze up while editing paths, scenery, or terrain.The rotation arrows for track editing are occasionally in the wrong direction.The rotation values of track control points are almost always incorrect, also causes the white, yellow, and red highlighting to be incorrect. You can have a control point that looks like it should be 0 degree, and it will say it is 35 degree.Intersecting paths of different sizes don’t render properly.Wooden coaster supports don’t render properly.Even with the max brush strength, it takes quite a while to fill a small pond with water. That was a horrible feature idea.I’ve already documented 137 more bugs, but I’m just going to leave the list there. Overall, the camera controls and editing controls are too buggy to use reliably, and the coaster editing features of this game are mostly broken.Since this was a beta to demonstrate just the coaster editor, and it is this bad, I don’t expect this game to be out this year unless they hire programmers just to fix bugs. I can’t even imagine how buggy all the other features are of the game. As it is, it looks like they have pushed the release date back again from Dec. 10th to Dec. 29th."
,Not Recommended,282560,18792139,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,12/2 귀국🛫 𝓝𝓸𝓮𝓵,"I really love RollerCoaster Tycoon franchise, especially 1 & 2.Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me ATARI & Nvizzio Creations?Now you're ruining RCT franchise. It's tons of buIIsh!tThere are lots of problems in the game.Coaster Builder, Physics, optimization, and so on.Coaster Builder is very hard to use, Physics and Optimizations are terrible.Hard to watch first-person coaster-cam(it doesn't work well).Trains derail just because of its own supports.Can't devide track pieces after complete the course.Below is my video from beta, watch first 1 minute, 16:25, and 18:20 to check above issues.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4K_TysKDQXEMy PC spec is:i5-2500 & GTX 770 4GB & 12GB RAMBut average frame rates is around 10~20FPS with a single wooden rollercoaster.I know now it's in first beta right now, but it's only 1 month away from its release date!!Seems developers don't have enough time to fix these too many issues until the release date.PLEASE CANCEL THE PRE-ORDER NOW to SAVE YOUR MONEY.I requested a refund. Good-bye RCT, and ATARI. You ♥♥♥♥ed up RCT fans."
,Not Recommended,282560,18833474,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Semblance,Currently I can't recomment this game. I know it's a beta but it doesn't even feel like an alpha. Way to finicky making coasters and way too buggy. I doubt it will be ready by December. I'll update my review when the game releases.
76561198051806521,Not Recommended,282560,18781407,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Coasterman,"Be very careful about purchasing this game! Coaster editor leaves so much more to be desired. While the graphics are nice, the movement controls need a lot of work as of the first Beta.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND watching gameplay videos and reading reviews to make sure you are getting the RCT experience you expect."
,Not Recommended,282560,18782834,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,AJParky,"The coaster editor is terrible. I used to spend hours on RCT1, 2 and 3 building roller coasters and I'd enjoy it. There is nothing enjoyable about the new coaster editor at all. Lift hills are massive curves instead of being straight like they are supposed to be. It's difficult to place small pieces of track. It's like you are supposed to draw these massive curvacious parts of track. Just managing to build a wooden roller coaster with a drop and one air time hill was a chore. I built an accelerator coaster but there wasn't even an option to change the launch speed! I couldn't even find the ride camera.  There should at least be an option to use an editor like the one in RCT3 but you're not limited to a 90 degree angle.I'll probably buy it when it's on a Steam sale but I am requesting a refund for the pre-order I purchased. Also the release date was 10th Decemeber. Anyone notice it's been pushed back to the 29th now?"
,Not Recommended,282560,22872515,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ant.letourneau,"I would like a refund!I came to the view of this game about 6 months ago and I saw the RCT Franchise completly differant. From the pictures and videos the relased it looked so differant. I purchased it today for almost $50. One thought went in my mind ""will this be the same as RCT3... Nah no way!"" but, I was wrong. It is not that differant from RCT3 If not worse! I feel so guilty now about taking the $50 I had and wasting it on this. I would like a refund!!! This game has let out so much false advertising. I sugjust never buying this because of how much of a waste it is."
76561198044946330,Not Recommended,282560,22149499,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,JackPringle,Haha no
,Not Recommended,282560,22229244,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,{LGA} MEEMSTAR,"Don't buy this. Really, a waste of 10 months of waiting, and $50, use it to buy something good. Extremely laggy. This game is this:Atari was constipated and pooped RCT3, then they left it out in the sun for 10 days, then Nvizzio went and ate it and pooped it out again, then waited 10 months, then released RCTW.And that's being NICE."
76561198114061849,Not Recommended,282560,18795761,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Windwest,"Even though the game is in beta stage. It definitely needs alot of work. The track editor is brilliant but it takes time to get use to it, but if perfected will be beautiful. This game has alot of potiential, they really just need to polish it up and it could be a great game. Atari should not release this game until next year. Give it at least six more months of work and testing and polish and add more content for initial release and this could be a beautiful rollercoaster tycoon successor!"
76561198143493649,Not Recommended,282560,18796320,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Infected_Neuronz,"Terrible terrible, terrible cmon give me a break! this is total bs its 2016 and you guys wanna  focus on coaster builder in which is a given these days in coaster simulation, it doesnt take rocket science to build a coaster, u could have just added a tutorial in the final game to cover that! why not focus on scenery, buildings, landscaping which will be the main focal point of all parks and how well the scenery lays out and comes together with our amazing coaster creations. this is not ""pre skool"" stop babying us to death and just give us a good product. Cant believe Atari would release a bland♥♥♥♥♥Beta as if we dont now nothing about coaster building we dont care about how well we can lay out a coaster (again) this is basic  mechanics we get it already! Atari you should have gave us a full blown Beta and took feedback across the board instead of dumbing it down like this. What do the stalls look like? do stalls match up with the surrounding enviroment or theme in the area? what do the peeps look like? can we bind objects? (place plants around struts, or next to buildings etc) these are just some of the features i think Atari should have focused on amongst other things as well, but looks like they should have stayed with Frontier because im sure ""PlanetCoaster"" is gonna be insane especially since Atari couldnt capitolized on the labrynth of features and perks RCT3 has let alone CS thats a huge plate to fill and im sure Frontier will bring all that and more to ""PlanetCoaster"" but we will see how well RCTW plays out im not gonna just outright count them out but damn man i expected so much since its ""nxtgen"" but on this day i feel like its R.I.P RCT."
,Not Recommended,282560,18789326,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Chicken,"As someone who played RCT 1, 2 and 3 multiple times I was very excited.In the current state the graphics are not that great compared to RCT 3.The coaster design tool is not properly streamlined and thus makes it very difficult to build a roller coaster. I understand that this is a Beta version, but the could have atleast made this part a bit better,I feel like they tried and make it more like Themepark Studios and failed!!!It does not feel like an RCT experience at all.Eventhough its advertised as a Beta, it felt and seemed more like an Alpha version and as such has a loooong way to go before it can be released.The best part about this Beta is that Steam refunded me the price :D"
76561198025028821,Not Recommended,282560,18795091,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,wekes,"This is a review for the first beta.  The game is broken on a fundamental interface level.  Building a coaster is maddening, not because it is a challenge, but because the interface is broken, poorly thought out, poorly executed, and clearly not even close to prime time. I'll revise this on future betas and upon final release (in about a month...I hope they can fix this mess in time...it seems infinitely unlikely).  Right now, I regret pre-ordering even though this series is probably my favorite game."
,Recommended,282560,26951211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Semple,"Opinions. This is mine.Still could use improvement, but good enough for me to finally recommend. It feels 'good enough', which but I would have expected more. I still expect them to do more with a title like this but thats what happens when a completely different team works on it.In before GO PLAY PlanetCoast: I already have. Its got too many goofy things that I dont like that distract me... such as spending more time laughing at people as they walk through flames, water, and electricity instead of actually trying to build a park."
,Recommended,282560,32743712,Posted: 24 June,all,LolindirLink,"It doesn't deserve all this negativity...The game does a lot right, and there are only a few things that messes it up a bit.The good things:-Plenty to build, and customize!, truly a step up compared to RCT3!-The Graphics are nice! it really is ahead of RCT3, not just a little bit like some complain about. the people look really good, but act a bit silly and repetitive. plenty of variation between people too. shouldn't bother anyone really.-Navigation is exactly how you expect it to be, some buttons are a little confusing at the beginning but you will quickly grow over it.-The Story mode seems rather lengthy compared to RCT3, but as far as i played, it's your typical basic stuff. build this, manage that. you'll want to do it all yourself anyways.-User Generated Content! it's not the best workshop around here, but it's decent enough and similarly to skyrim, you'll enable or disable them ingame. good overview, rather quick. no issues so far.-Camera view is another one of those upgrades over RCT3, but they're not perfect unfortunately.-I get to play RCT3, in a fresh new coat! FINALLY! but it doesn't have ""WIld"" and ""Soaked"" yet. stop the negativity please! i feel it's hurting these DLC packs lol!-Spend under 6,- for the Deluxe edition (just a few more props to build nothing special really) [SummerSale 2017]-Sandbox is back! WITH some customisation like unlimited money, flatland, theme. and i like how the sandbox is locked untill you play the first supersmall tutorial part. :ss13ok:some negative points:-The game crashed once, seeing other comments, it's not rare. but the game has been running for 10 hours straight. i could use this break (and so did my overheating PC) so it's a null situation in this case..-The UI can be a little confusing at times, some buttons don't apear to do anything.. i ignore those now.-Navigation is a little bit fiddly. you won't get away with parkinsons.-The Ride Camera's are too limited, would like to adjust every camera position but instead, only the bird view camera angle can be zoomed in and out :(-People act rather simplistic, and their ""Physic system"" is wonky. i guess it's just very similar to RCT3.-NO BALLOONS TO POP?!?! (WTH IS THIS MADNESS?!?!)-No firework shows (yet?) ?-it's missing out on some of that content, and i'm just hoping they'll get added eventually. it'll be fun untill then, it'll be way more fun for a lot longer after they're added.I really have no regrets, and my 6 year old Daughter, also has plenty of fun! (Sandbox play mainly)we both had no trouble learning the base mechanics and building a customized house is easier, prettier, way more precise and absolutely more fun in the end! once again the step up that the franchise really needed.Sure, this game is not ""Planet Coaster"", but it's totally not ""Adventure Park"" either!The devs behind this really, absolutely spend a lot of time on this, it shows on every end!It really reminds me of the butthurt people that love RCT, but hate RCT3..."
76561198002189495,Recommended,282560,22189913,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,rovaira2,"I've played all the Roller Coaster tycoon games over the years. This one is a bit tricky at first. Expect to spend a few hours understanding how to make your first coaster unless you get some tips. This is more of a guide and review at the same time. Here are some tips. :)Expect a little frustration building your coaster at first. When building your coaster:  Hold down the shift key, and use the mouse wheel to move it higher or lower. After you click on a peice of the track in build mode you can drag out that track and make curves, etc. and press 1, 2, 3, or 4; all these numbers do different things. Then you use your mouse wheel and to adjust. One of the numbers lifts up the track on one side for example (press 2, and then use your mouse wheel for example).Also the camera is a bit quirky. You can go into options in the game, general, turn off auto focus coaster when building (so it doesn't jump everytime you click on the track), turn off auto zoom out camera if object is to large, and change your camera field of view if you like.Also the graphics can be improved; changing them is a bit quircky. This is done by pressing escape, options, graphics, turn off better fps over graphics.. This makes the graphics settings go lower for some reason though. You then need to adjust higher the other settings AFTER you select this.Placing a ride or object: Hold down the shift key, and use your mouse wheel to turn it around before you place it.Adjusting the size of the map: Click modify terrain, and you'll find the option to expand there.Also when you place a janitors building for example each building is used to hire the number of janitors for that building; differnent than RCT3.This is a great game, but I think the issue is most people aren't taking the time to go through the tutorial. In addition to that the coaster building is a bit advanced; you can do a lot with it, but the key will be the first few hours.For beginners it's a bit tricky.Is it fun? Yes it's a lot of fun to play. I'm enjoying my park the more and mroe I play it. The more I play, the more I want to play. It starts out slow and grows on you once you figure out what your doing. It's also fun to decorate/improve the park.The graphics are pretty nice as well. I'm looing forward to this game growing, but as for now it's a good game if your willing to read a guide like this one and others you'll be fine. :) Also if you enjoy a challenge on coaster building you'll like this game. Expect a lot of crashes during testing, but it's gratifying and realistic.. You adjust angles of track to compensate, etc. It just feels nice, and it's a good sandbox style game.There are a good amount of rides, and park finances.Why are there bad reviews section: Most people don't understand the options they have at their disposal, and haven't read the tips/guides on controls. Changing the graphic options, and adjusting the camera are all fairly easy to do once you have read these trips.I have experienced some crashes for example when making a huge roller coaster with lots of turns, etc. I'd say save every so often in case, but the coaster build is pretty fun once you get the hang of it. The game is itself seems to run pretty smooth though on my system; a 980 GTX, 16 gigs ram, and a 3.4 ghz quad.The problem is if people didn't get it within 1-2 hours many immediately went for the bad review/refund option, but this one is worth digging deeper and playing imo. :)"
76561198049318436,Recommended,282560,22804827,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,cracker54,"Now that i've figured out the roller coaster building system, which is still a little glitchy, I can build some fairly epic roller coasters."
76561197992045880,Recommended,282560,22813969,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,shelatz,Not bad seems fun so far. A little clipping when speed is turned al the way up.
,Recommended,282560,23708226,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,sunscreemer,"Will do a full review in due course as I've only just started playing. Thoroughly enjoying it so far, yes there are things they need to fix but I've had no problems (yet!) and it's a really awesome game- the people rubbishing it aren't doing it justice and the devs keep responding to beta feedback so it keeps improving. Could yet prove a worthy addition to the RCT legacy. Some great rides for your parks too. Overall I'm optimistic for the final version of the game, they are putting lots of effort into improving things so it's cooking nicely."
,Recommended,282560,23831024,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DerpyFantaYT,"RollerCoaster Tycoon World™ is the newest installment in the legendary RCT franchise. This next-generation theme park simulation and building game includes fan-favorite features and incredible new advancements such as stunning 3D environments full of roller Coaster Thrills, exciting flat Rides, eager guests, user-generated content, robust social features, and more – all in one massively fun game!So it is a must buy for any theme park or simulator lover!11/10."
76561198285353555,Recommended,282560,22891788,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,codfps2014,"Very disapointed. I cant even play the game it lags so bad. Good thing i bought the deluxe edition. If its not fixed soon ill be looking for a refund. I dont even want a refund, i want to play the game. I understand the game is still in the works. Speed it up, this game was to be released last year (2015)."
,Not Recommended,282560,22300878,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,xHaaZeeL,Only get this to laugh at it then refund it after and buy Planet Coaster
76561198119281936,Recommended,282560,23821339,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Phat_Panda,I'm really happy with this game! After reading some of the previous reveiws I was unsure about getting it but I'm glad I did. Maybe some more updates have been done since previous reviews because I havent come across any bugs yet and the graphics are great. There is a good amount of content and hopefully this will continue to be added to in future updates.You can design your own roller coasters and test them. Thats really fun :P Also the layout and design of scenery is quite customisable.I have played previous roller coaster tycoons and loved them and I'm very happy with this one too :)
76561198275756391,Recommended,282560,32785166,Posted: 25 June,all,JoshuaUK89,"Steam Summer Sale and this game is priced very low. I thought I'd go for it. It is definitely worth the reduced price. It's different to Planet Coaster - while PC is by far the superior game, this has many features I prefer - the Story Mode, some of the challanges, themed rides, the shops etc.I was expecting an unplayable game based on the reviews - in fact, it's a very enjoyable Theme Park Sim. I've come across a few minor bugs but nothing to stop the game being playable.It's different to Planet Coaster, and not always in a bad way. It's obviously not the game it should have been, but it's still fun.Recommeneded to all sim, strategy and tycoon fans."
76561198261929506,Not Recommended,282560,25188685,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ABACATE,I cant even play itAND ITS WAAAAAY TO EXPENSIVE!!!!!!!!!
76561198026850399,Recommended,282560,32872262,Posted: 27 June,all,vegasn2001,It has some rough spots but worth every penny as  long as its $5.99 or less.  It seems to start off slow but once loaded it runs fine even when switching levels/parks.
,Recommended,282560,18804720,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,We're Not Brazil We're Norn Iron,GG
76561198025009470,Recommended,282560,22165690,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,JacobUK,"It is a work in progress. however a pretty good one. I truly despise the path system, but apart from that loving it!"
76561198130426177,Recommended,282560,22165583,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,carrm2006,"I get why people are upset..but i think this is a great game with room to become amazing! they made it early access for a reason and were very upfront about bugs. People keep making comparisons to planet coaster. although I have not personally played the game, i have watched alot of vides of it, and it has its flaws as well just like rctw, but planet coaster is like 75 bucks to play it now! planet coaster aside, i just think that alot of people are being childish and bashing atari and rctw. Ive read reviews saying its unplayable....i by no means have a beast pc but it plays just fine with no lag or long loads or anything like what ive read. so for me personally i am thrilled to finally have this game, and am looking forward to future updates and watching this game grow!"
76561198113730725,Recommended,282560,22176763,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Clover,"A rather negative, but recommending, review that isn't ""helpful"", despite stating all the game's current flaws (that I have found).Enjoy.I've been playing RCT games since the beginning; way back in the 90s. Y'know, the days of Chris Sawyer? (pre-lawsuit, of course)Keeping in mind that this game is early access with said early access having been pushed back for months and months by the publisher due to quality control... well, the quality here is, at best, mediocre; probably not worth the wait.Personally, I really dig the game. It's keeps me amused while I have free time before or after work, but I'm unsure if it has that same vibe as any of the previous RTC games as of yet.The graphics are ""prettier"" than its predecessors, but not optimized in the slightest. At this time, it's remarkably limited (due to early access). Given just how much the early access was pushed back, I did expect a little more refining on what the devs said they had been working on. It feels as if they left some things unchecked on their to-do list.In it's current state, it doesn't even remotely stand up to what RTC3 was, or even the original game (yes, even without expansions, this game could not stand up to it). The graphics and animations are janky, completely incomplete in comparison, though I highly respect the attempts at a more realistic look. Glitches are, obviously, numerous. The controls are offputting to me, but that could just be because it's a new game. My computer, which though isn't amazing, should be able to play it no problem; the optimization on this is currently horrid to flat-out nonexistent (keeping in mind that this is early access and many tools, bits, and bobs can't be fully optimized without tests; it doesn't make it any less annoying to a player [even in early access]). The game will freeze while trying to load a scenario and most campaign maps. For me, it can only load up sandbox mode and the first campaign map without trouble.Due to it's early access state, there isn't much of a campaign mode nor scenarios. If you can't get them to load like me, there's even less of a selection.The delete tool is sort of atrocious; since you have to play on low quality, you have to zoom in to kill some azaleas (sorry, flowers) before you can even build a ride. Yes, you can apparently build through trees no problem, but save the flowers! You can't build over paths if you decide that you like one more. You have to individually delete each path section and then rebuild your chosen path. Individually. Delete. Path sections. Or individually delete trees. Individually. I was hoping for a click'n'drag, delete all the things, KILL IT ALL mentality as it would make clearing an area less annoying. The path issue was fixed in RCT3 with that path tool, but even then you could only individually delete plants and rocks (or have I missed something?)Path building itself can be a bear. Sometimes it says you can't connect paths, but I rarely ever see the reason why. Unfortunately, with each path being a ""bone"", you can't always add another bone to it. Even though you may just be making the spine longer.While I really dig the coaster builder (I think this will always be considered the ""best"" part of the game, even in a completed state), it is incredibly awkward to use. There's multiple tabs, which I don't mind, but they make it seem clunky. (Though having it all together would probably be even worse). I feel like the coaster builder from RCT3 was far more refined and usable. It didn't give me a headache. But I also couldn't have made the amazing tracks I can now.For paths and coaster tracks, you can move the mouse wheel to rise or lower the pieces. Unless there's some sensitivity thing I'm missing, this is very slow.You now have staff buildings rather than just hiring staff. And, as of right now, you can't change their outfits. Not even for the entertainers. So in my normal park, instead of having a black'n'white panda like I would in RCT, I get blue and white (which is the ""normal"" panda for RCT) and. Wait for it. Aliens and owls(I think. Wtf is that thing?). I don't even know what else. I liked having my natural pandas, black leopards, cheetahs, and lions in RCT3. Minor complaint, and probably something that will be implemented later so we don't have owl things walking around in a space themed park.Fortunately, it is early access. Most of this should (hopefully) be fixed in the future.Despite all it's negatives, I currently really do enjoy the game, apparently having been playing RCT games for over fifteen years. I still play RTC1-3. But unfortunately, like I said, it doesn't stand up to these.But, for what this game is, it is enjoyable as a long-time fan. I don't see myself playing a ton of it as of yet given the number of issues and the fact that the older games simply are better right now. I'm just hopeful that there's no more push backs and that the devs stay on it.While I do recommend, I honestly suggest holding onto your money for just a bit (maybe another update or two) unless you remember the days of old and bare-bones 1990's games and don't mind that sort of thing. At this state, it is not worth the money, confusion, or irritation for most people. That being said, I personally do plan on playing the game every now and again while complaining about the weird controls all the way.However, I hope the devs know that I was willing to spend my money in the name of RCT and publisher (Atari) in hopes of a good future game."
,Recommended,282560,22165440,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,MuseFluid,"So I want to say a few things about this game really quick. First of all I have been a player of this series since RCT1 was out, I've had most of my hours in this series played in RCT2 but I've still played countless hours of RCT3. This new game has put a very sour taste in my mouth and it seem to have done the same for many other fans of the series. but looking at tis game as it is, it isn't awful. The textures and movement of the peeps are my biggest complaint and the pathing isn't very smooth and needs to be fixed. but other than that, this game has a monetary system and scenario and well made terrain deformation and water(even though the water doesn't look very good), It also doesn't run great but the just means it needs to be a little better optimized which is usually the last thing a developer does in a game. This game definetely has some things it needs to fix, but if they can tweak those few things, it'll be a pretty good coaster tycoon game.TL;DRThe game has graphic issues and looks a little weird, but it has potential to be a good game"
,Not Recommended,282560,18803005,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,KamiKatze,"I know this is beta and I really was looking forward to it, but I deinstalled it. I hit the minimum requirements for this game and it is almost impossible for me to do anything in there, because it's much too laggy (when it even starts).Loading the game takes ages (it says ""can take several minutes"" on the loading screen - so it's not me).After playing the series and all add-ons from the beginning, it is surely hard to learn everything from scratch again (e.g. building coaster tracks). But maybe it is nice when you learned it finally.Worst of all is the WASD movement. I want to scroll with my mouse and not with the keyboard. This is no FPS.You can't get into the game options yet, so I have no idea if I can make a better performance with turning the video quality down.To make it short: I can't recommend this for people with old hardware. But finally I have a reason to buy a new one now.-----Edit (20th Oct 2016)I got a better machine now and it's running more or less smoothly. There has been much work done since last year and the game is growing. But my main con is the movement. Why are you able to turn the map with the mouse wheel, but have to move with WASD? That's so far the major reason for me to stick with the ""rival's"" game, which is developing parallel to this one."
76561198275302675,Recommended,282560,22150412,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,jbraxton0317,"I love the game but... It is very laggy and the peeps can not enter my ride. And the rides are very shakey on turns. If this could be fixed, it would be an amazing game."
,Recommended,282560,18783770,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,AstroTron,"I like the Coaster Builder needs tuning. It needs a fixed grid opiton for building paths, Buildings, and Track. Im praying Atari fixs all the bugs by Dec 10th. They might need to push closer to X-mas."
76561198079216428,Recommended,282560,22190352,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Domo,"After playing the game i must say i love it. I feel like the developers undertook a great challange in making a game, as Rollercoaster Tycoon has such a great reputation. But i feel like they did well dispite all the negative reviews. I have played every Rollercoaster Tycoon game. In my opionion i feel like the developers should add a feature where when your building a rollercoaster you can have a option to see if the coaster will have enough speed to make it over a abstical your building. I would find myself having to wait after i select the test coaster button, i would wait for the coaster to finally get to the part where i would be tweaking or fixing to see weather it would fail or pass. You should be able to have a option to select where the coaster would start. That way a player would'nt have to waste time watching the coaster go over the entire track just to get to a part your modifying"
76561198007555599,Recommended,282560,22239452,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Engine19Ladder,I like it and have hope for it to get even better.
,Recommended,282560,32950384,Posted: 28 June,all,Fabia,"Well, I took the plunge and bought the game despite the negative reviews, fortunately it was on sale. I am shocked,  so far this game seems great! Very similar to RCT3, lots to do and loads of features to play with. Even on an older PC it still runs really well. Not sure why so many have been plagued with issues which is unfortunate, but I thus far I can recommend it!"
76561198006870552,Not Recommended,282560,18789835,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,xBANAANx,"It's awful in it's current state. Building tools are no fun at all. The camera movement is awkward, there are to many functions not working for this to be called an beta. I was very excited when I pre-ordered it, but now I almost regret buying this game. I hope the game is ready in december, but I don't think that is going to happen.."
76561197975456115,Not Recommended,282560,22720251,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tw!sted,I am sorry but i regret buying it.
76561198005027721,Not Recommended,282560,29361534,Posted: 19 January,all,jzo221,"This game would be a lot better if it didn't crash every twenty minutes.  This game is in desperate need of an update to fix the bugs. Memo to the game developers, skip the upcoming release of new  in game content and focus on eliminating the crashes and bugs. As it stands this game needs help!"
76561198287188726,Not Recommended,282560,29363684,Posted: 19 January,all,tpatrissy,This game use to work and I enjoyed the rides and features but now everytime I try to load the game it crashes
,Not Recommended,282560,22205555,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Someone Kill Me,"There should defenitly be the same amount, or even more coaster types than in RCT 3"
,Recommended,282560,23177406,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Prince,"I had a good time playing this.I played the first 2 RCTs and expansions whay back on thier release and i had such a good time with those ground breaking games.  They were easy to figure out and enough detail and options to keep the entertainment value and replay-ability alive to even this day for many still.  Its a tough job modernizing those yet keeping the same simplicity.I will admit that even going through the tutorial on the first coaster build, I was slightly getting frustrated...but...it was my first time.  I know eventually it will get easier and if i dont feel like making one then i will just use an existing one...just like i did with the earlier games.I would recomend this to people who get into this type of game, and the ones who don't will just have to sit quietly and listen to me talk about it...because i had a good time playing it and i will put many-o-more hours into it.as far as early release bugs and glitches.....the only thing i noticed in the first couple hours of playing was that when i zoomed out a bit, some of the rides would spin incredibly fast...to the point it just looked crazy.  you can tell there still needs to be some fixes but its definately playable....and fun!one more note:  i would like to see and option for a simple path build.  maybe even a button that will straighten already built paths in accordance with a grid.  maybe highlight an area and snap all paths to make them straight.  maybe that is too hard to program...but would be nice.  Then again...maybe it is there and I didnt see it yet....guess i should get back to playing."
76561198017020205,Recommended,282560,22404781,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,f22skyfox1,"I bought this game for my wife. While it isn't quite everything I had hoped for in this long awaited installment, it is still playable and we look forward to the updates and changes to come. My wife finds herself losing track of real time while playing. She's not the biggest gamer, actually, not a gamer at all so if this game can capture her attentionand I know she looks forward tothe next time she has freetime to play then to me it was worth my purchase. I have watched her play and I myself think that while there is still plenty of room to improve, it does look nice and for the most part operates fairly smoothly.The ability to place buildings facing nearly any direction is a nice feature because in previous installments choosing one of four directions became relentlessly boring.That being said, it would be nice to have better graphics options. I realize this game is more for a common crowd with average machines than it is for the game enthusiasts but it would be great for the game to make use of the available resources on upscale machines.So, keep in mind, while this has been a long awaited installment in the franchise, this is still early access and there are going to be glitches and room for improvement. The only way to help shape the game the way you want it is to play, and provide feedback in the discussionboard for the developers."
,Not Recommended,282560,18806737,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Jaws of the Apocalypse,"The game looks awesome and i was so exicited for the beta because i grew up with this game, 1 of the only reasons im not returning this. I want to refund this game because for alot of computers do not run well (I mean crashes alot. for me it crashes on startup just read the forums.) I get that its a beta but a beta this broken in one month of fixing time is just not right this feels more like a alpha.untill i see serious changes in the next beta I can not recommend this game.Im seriously disappointed. :(Edit:This game I have now played the beta and holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ok like im just gonna get planet coaster"
76561198084300004,Not Recommended,282560,29732484,Posted: 5 February,all,harryballs019,♥♥♥♥
76561198262078685,Not Recommended,282560,29417037,Posted: 22 January,all,Blake Jarvie,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198374734947,Recommended,282560,34363162,Posted: 19 August,all,kadenhammer8,The game is decent for 15$ but if you have the money for planet coaster get that instead but overall RCT world is terrible
,Not Recommended,282560,18781100,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SkepticDK,"Edit: 29 februaryNothing new. New screenshots etc have been released - but no dates on either Beta 2 or Release date... Im getting bored and tired.This game got be so awesome when its out. If its ever coming out...My hopes; Will be out before Planet Coaster, which is set to be released Q4 2016Ill go back to bed, cya.-----Edit: 11. january:So, we havnt heard a word since early december. Was promised two beta weekends, got one - and the other one got delayed - but as said: We havnt heard a WORD since the ""happy holiday"" where absolutly nothing was said.Hmmmmm...-----So I spend 2 hours playing the game tonight and here is my thoughts:I started with the plants, benches all that jazz. Built a nice path to start with, and start placing objects. The first thing that got on my nerves was, even though you promised a non-grid game, everything snaps to everything. The radius of snapping to path is HUGE. You cant even place fences along a curved path.Right, so we had to test the coaster physics. So after I played around with the tools to build it, I restarted and got seriously. I tried guys, I really tried! I got 1 coaster to work(!). That working coaster had one drop and then it ended. I tested it 4 times and 3 times it crashed while being dragged to the first drop.. I mean... It was a straight rail, and it just fell off.Now, the controls and the way the coaster builder works is just hard to figure out... What does the colors (black, white, red, yellow) means? It doesn't mean that, when its red, it cant go that way.. Because it can... sometimes.That being said - its a beautiful game with a lot of potential but I have to say this.. You won't make it to the release date, unless you're having a WAY different version than us. I really don't get how a bunch of developers can sit at a table and agree on: Guys! We release this beta so people can see how awesome it is..!I'm sorry for the negative thoughts - but this was really 2 hours of total frustration. Ill look into this, when we hit release, but for now- its not going to happen.I wish you the BEST of luck - and I hope this game will come out and BLOW us away... I love the franchise, please make it happen. Thank you."
76561198271893325,Not Recommended,282560,22589977,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,neill.parkes,DOESNT WORK FOR LAPTOP ITS SO SH**
,Recommended,282560,32903995,Posted: 27 June,all,Peridiotic,"Meh.It's very meh.I enjoyed Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 & 2 and even Classic on mobile, but this just feels very meh. Probably because I can't run it without lag but I'd still recommend it because while it is meh, you can crash rollercoasters in the sandbox mode and that's all I wanted."
76561198116797962,Not Recommended,282560,23518522,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,benjaminhislop96,"i have bought this game and cant play it , due to the game crashing when i try to load up the game ,benhislop2016@gmail.com, can somebody contact me to help with this issue otherwise i want a refund"
76561198121916774,Not Recommended,282560,29377645,Posted: 20 January,all,La Malédiction 666,"I buy the bundle a year ago, because the game was plan to be release in December 2015.The game wasn't release 1 year later...Can't be refund because I play Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 more that 2H...Sorry but RTC 1, 2 and 3 was awesome, RTC World is not."
76561197984361398,Not Recommended,282560,26756426,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,BIG_PETE,"So it's a theme-park type game, and even the paths don't work. You'll find yourself unable to place a path connection along a path that is as long as a big thrill ride is wide, and you can't place a path. Unbelievable that they actually released this. If you can't even get paths to work, I'm sure you can imagine how much else is completely broken in this game."
,Not Recommended,282560,18787185,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vexxol,"This coaster builder needs serious work, I am very concerned that at this stage it is faulty and difficult to use. Although the designer has much more potential, it is tedious to use like No Limits. This doesn't bother me at all as I like the idea of having so many options, but I'm not sure if it fits the RCT style. A controls/direction guide would also help, and I can't seem to be able to create straight lines?Please fix the designer before launch :("
76561198034910982,Not Recommended,282560,18782712,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,The Rogue Spy,"Excitement Rating: 2.00 LowIntensity Rating: 1.00 LowNausea Rating: 13.37 HighWhere to start...Pros-The game looks beautiful.-Unlike my coasters, the game never crashed.Cons-There is not a single piece of help. No control setup menu, no help button, nothing. Everything I've learned was from messing around and viewing the discussions tab.-Building a coaster just isn't fun anymore, more on this matter on bullets 3, 4, 5, and 6.-Coaster troubleshooting is a ♥♥♥♥♥.-You could fix your coaster into next Sunday and pass the testing phase, the thing will still throw itself off the rails randomly.-When it does crash the cars of the coaster don't despawn, they just stay there and create more problems.-Those color coded safety lines that appear while building a coaster needs serious work. Some completely sane and safe segments get red lined while a coaster segment with an obvious flaw gets white lined.-Day and night transitions look really choppy and just bad.EDIT: After some investigative button pressing G turns on the grid.I veered away from anything resembling a bug in the Cons list because it's a beta, but this feels like an alpha at least. I also veered away from content issues because I know most content is shut off for the first beta. (with the exception of the grid for pathways, which I doubt is even in the game.)This is a worrying start for RCT World and I hope the patches and hotfixs start rolling out soon. I'm holding out for the end of the second beta when we see the game in her full glory but if that doesn't deliver, as much as it pains me to say it, I'm going to have to refund my purchase.TL:DR Save your pre-order money for another title, or wait until the reviews for the second beta come out.I'll update this review as the betas move on."
,Recommended,282560,23636594,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,JTAirbus,Good game. After loading issues resolved the content is gereat. There is still much more to be added and deffinitely room for expansion. Brilliant Game and i hope furthe updates improve the game more.
,Not Recommended,282560,18782259,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dinosaurus Cuteness,cant even play crashes
76561198081840572,Not Recommended,282560,18798465,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,pell0293,crashes every time i try to opend it...
76561198031059423,Not Recommended,282560,18781548,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sbatchelor,"WOW THIS GAME IS REALLY POOR, EVEN IN BETA THERE IS SO MUCH WORK TO BE DONE."
76561198210071037,Not Recommended,282560,32173536,Posted: 4 June,all,intence66,"DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS GAME  im asking for A REFUND AFTER 3 MINsorry but i have played number 3 so much i love it .... but this one ,,, where to start i brought the game for £10.99  when this game came out it was in early acsess for 29 or 30 something pound and the reviews said do not buy it needs loads of work and even when they have stoped early acsess  this game still has so many issues with it its unreal ......... i spent 3 mins of my time pressing play and close because everytime the game got to the 100 percent load game on the page it would crash i spent 3 mins trying to make it work opening and closing the game 6 or 7 times ............ the only good thing is the load page it looks like a good game but wtf to roller coaster tycoon u really have broken the hope and a good gamelooks of game ie the load page 10/10    game 0/10"
,Recommended,282560,22705256,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Friendly DBD Killer :3,"Well, I HATE that you can only delete one bush at a time. Took me like an hour, and I searched the internet for answers.But I love the graphics and gameplay.8/10"
,Not Recommended,282560,22612895,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,♦ Clown ♣,"Im loving every single minute of it, glad I bought it, only *issue* ive run into is when the park reaches 2,000+ peeps, the lag is unberable, and it crashes. Other than that I enjoy customizing the cars for the coasters or the colors of the paths or que lines. I enjoy the fact that the peeps have a mind of their own. Some dont like to ride certain rides, some only like roller coasters.The Coaster Builder. - Took me alot of time to get used to, forgetting to use shift to make it rise, or tilt. I enjoy the fact that some coasters can spin, reminded me of *Thrillville off the rails*.I enjoy the fact that the mascots seem to make everyone happy. I also enjoy that there are SO MANY differnt food buildings, theres like 4 different buildings just for tacos and salads!!!One thing that I really really enjoy is that I can ramp the paths, like, I made a little river, so I boosted the path up to go over the river, and I put a wooden rollercoaster track under and over it, so My peeps can enjoy a good coaster on the entrance of the park.The performance isnt 10/10, nor is the FPS, but it is playable....Im surprised my FPS lasted pretty good with the ammount of items and peeps in the park, there were around 1,800 peeps in the park and over hundreds of differnt pieces. 6 Roller coasters spread out all over. 60+ food buildings, 8 mechanic buildings with 10 mechanics for each building. 5 entertainer buildings, once again 10 entertainers for each building. 9 Janitor buildings, 10 janitors for each building. atleast 80 plants and trees, a lake, and over 10 thrill / family / and Junior rides.....Peeps arent to bad, yeah they walk through each other, but eventually theres so many peeps in your park you dont even notice it. Peeps - 8/10Id rate the game 8/10Path Placement - 7/10---------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATEDIve had enough with this game, the first part that got under my feathers was. I was at a halloween party in october of last year, got home got on youtube and saw this game. I thought OMG this game looks amazing, looks so awesome. Said the release was DEC 12th and that was right around the corner!!!!!! But then that Beta weekend came up, and I started watching gameplay videos and stuff and I mean almost every youtuber that had a gameplay video for this game were just HATING on this game.... Looked at the steam reviews (Atari should have never opend the reviews up for the beta testers to enter their reviews) it went downhill quick, there were a few good reviews ""From kids that had hope"". The rest were just negative nannys. Watching the gameplay for that beta weekend I knew immediatly that the game was just NOT ready for beta, and with release just around the corner I knew it was going downhill quick.Dec 12th came around and turns out they had to delay the release. I was saving my money for when the game Actaully came out so I could be sure. Months passed and we barley recieved any news at all. April came and they released the game into EA, I buy it and lord and behold, game was still very broken (Still is). OMG I tell you, I had so much hope for this game. SO MUCH. Every day id say (Give it some time and theyll eventually fix this game). Its almost been a complete year since the beta in October of last year and barley anything has changed. So, I hope you guys can eventually fix your game but youve lost a customer for now. Here I come PC.... Now im going to hit that refund button and get the $50 I should have spent on Planet Coaster"
,Not Recommended,282560,35277208,Posted: 28 September,all,Jomega,"I give them a A in effort, but the game is not good."
,Not Recommended,282560,18818181,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Shadow of Avalar,"The beta preview that came out at the end of October is a complete disaster - and the final version is due to come out next month. So full of bugs to be unplayable, frequent crashing, and only the rollercoasters are in it, no other rides or attractions, no people, etc.The beta looks absolutely nothing like the preview videos on this page; basically a bunch of crappy false advertising.... Luckily steam gave me a refund.Save yourself, and don't get this."
76561198134676418,Not Recommended,282560,25470937,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,A Red Lobster Kids Menu,"Oops, thought this was the Planet Coaster Steam Page"
,Not Recommended,282560,18796535,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,chardo440,"I had really high hopes for this beta. One would think that when a game releases a beta it will have ""some"" bugs. When you think about this game coming out in a month you'd think this ""beta"" should be a teaser or a fairly polished beta. This game does not live up to it's former games and they constantly lie about the whole thing. I'm refunding this game unfortunately and waiting for planet coaster (same people who made rct3). This game was rushed and is no way shape or form ready for even a late alpha needs some more years. The camera control is terrible so don't expect to feel good at all. Also do not expect to ride your rides. You'd think with them working on this for a year they would read their forums and make sure you could ride your own rides as a majority of people have requested but no. This is basically a terrible version of no limits with the ability to make paths. I do not recommend this game at all. It's a huge disappointment and I wish they would take the rollercoaster tycoon franchise out of this as this game will absolutely ruin the name for previous games."
,Not Recommended,282560,18805670,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,HardcoreFitz,"Save Your Money*I completely understand it's a beta, but given how bad everything is so far there is no way it will be complete/playable by December 10th. Also, idk why my playtime hours are much smaller than they should be*After trying this beta I can easily say that the coaster builder is a total trainwreck. The controls are beyond poor and the physics are not realistic at all. There are tons of graphics/performance issues (which are to be expected in a beta), but rides fail for no reason whatsoever (i.e. work in one section during a test and fail the next test even though the track was unchanged) and whenever a ride crashes the train remains on the ground and makes the area around it invalid to place track there from then on. They should really consider trashing the current control layout and go for something similar to Theme Park Studio's, which is simpler and much more precise/powerful. I had such high hopes for this game, but now I don't even care anymore and will be getting a refund. Way to let down a diehard RCT fan Atari..."
,Not Recommended,282560,18782564,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ridley,"Coaster editor is a mess.The idea behind it is great , it has been executed poorly though.Coaster physics are beyond wrong too , you can feel every variation on coaster cam , and there is a lack of ""gravity"" on the trains too. it feels like the cars are underwater.Game is also poorly optimized (yeah yeah , it's a beta blablabla)The options menu isn't even there.I wouldn't call this a beta , this is an early alpha at max."
,Recommended,282560,22188263,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,-Kiggi-  =] [C-A-D-G],"Great game play, very old skool style RCT3 but not as in depth currently. Lots of potential, bugs to be fixed but thats to be expected with an early release. Once you get to grips with some of the new features your be making costers left right and center. One suggestion i will make is try making your favorite real life coaster using the free form coaster builder. My choice was nemesis (Alton Tower Version)"
76561198045597537,Not Recommended,282560,22787986,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,bMac59,"So far, as a beta/early release, there seems to be a lot more wrong with it, than right.  Planet Coaster is miles ahead of this and they're still alpha."
,Not Recommended,282560,18813392,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DangerousApplez,I WANT MY MONEY BACK GAME CANT EVEN LOAD.
76561198253889409,Not Recommended,282560,22473636,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,-Macca-,I WANT MY F**KING MONEY BACK !!! THIS GAME IS THAT BAD ITS LAUGHABLE AND I REALLY CANT GET MY HEAD AROUND WHY I BOUGHT IT. I SEEN THE REVIEWS BEFORE AND THOUGHT IT COULDNT REALLY BE AS BAD AS EVERYONES SAYING IT IS I WAS WRONG!! IF U DONT MIND WASTING MONEY AND FANCY A GOOD LAUGH GO FOR IT IF U WANT FOR DETAILED PACK BUILDING BUY RCT3. GUTTED!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,282560,22208652,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Faceless252,"Ok so it has some bugs. But what game doesn't in the early stages. It is enpowering to see so many people are actually getting behind this game and generating content already and barely days after it's realise. Whatever the politics regarding this game and it's development thus far, do you know what, I honestly don't care. Do you know why? It is because I have played it for more than 2 hours, unlike those that slate the game.You would have to be blind if you thought the rival didn't have it's fair share of issues too. Infact uless you have a stupidly high spec computer then you will find that you won't be able to play that Alpha very well.Both games are in their early stages so expect problems. Expect content not to be there yet. Expect there is still lots of work to be done and expect both games to grow with support.  Some people like to use Macs others like to use PC's at the end of the day each to their own regarding who comes out on top. But it is early days for both hense the early release drr.RCTW has its menus all ready and waiting for content to be uploaded. The bare bones of the game is ready. The graphics are there and if you are creative or know a thing or two about design then every file and every component can be updated at a flick of the switch once the main game is stable.I get the impression from Atrai that there will be a lot more on it's way and they will be updating things as new things get added and the overlays for rendering are added. Something that is very difficult to do as I understand it if the main 3d forms aren't there and the coding is unsuccessful in the first place.As for the peeps they are at present a representation of the final render at this stage and not the final look because.....the game isn't finished.Once RCTW and it's rival sorts out it's crash issues and bugs then and omg then can you image the content that will come flooding our way.If you are passionate about gaming or creativity then not only watch this space but be constructive with your critism and post it on the forum so that developers can improve and keep improving the look and the content of the game.Oh and to those that have slated the game so where exactly is your theme park simulation game that you have been developing? Oh that's right you haven't been have you. So lets leave the game development to the experts. Atrai who have been making games for over 30 years and whose systems are the key component of every game you have probably played to date is based on from their invention back in the early 1970's."
,Not Recommended,282560,23625467,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Weeamoo,ET 2
76561198072272583,Not Recommended,282560,23144888,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,grumpyapp,very disapointing. feel like major features of the game do not work properly. RCT 3 is a much better game
,Not Recommended,282560,18790594,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,jsach3,The game was super laggy on my computer which is higher than required specs. Coaster editor? BAD! Camera controls? IMPOSSIBLE! All this free form graphics ruined the game for me.
,Not Recommended,282560,18792311,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Earl of Lemongrab,Disgusting game. I'm a massive RCT franchise fan but this is a let down. DONT BUY IT!
,Not Recommended,282560,18801459,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sme4gle,what to say about it they do not meet any of the things I expected.
76561197962613916,Not Recommended,282560,18798007,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,aj^,"OK, background first: I loved RCT2, played it tons and just wanted a newer up to date version on that.The beta is not this!There are 2 main issues that probably won't be resolved because I disagree fundamentally with what they have done.1. The Artwork resembles any bland MAC application with some grey boring icons and grey paths, grey coasters, low colour vibrancy where there is colour. It's like they looked at RCT2 and thought 'No, we dont like colours. We like grey and black and white. Borders? No, we don't like borders, we like MINIMAL feel'. End result: the game has no soul, no feeling of Theme Parks, you are like an engineer or town planner, NOT MR Eccentric Tycoon with a funny moustache and wacky clothing! And the game is called TYCOON, you would think the devs would know this, but apparently smart people can be stupid!!!!!2. The coaster building is slow and fiddly. There's a number of reasons for this, but it's never going to be fixed as there's no QUICK way to build coasters like in RCT2. You have to do tests and after waiting 3-4 mins for the carriages to get to the corner in question, only then do you find out if it works or not. Then you spend the next 5-10 mins trying to minimise the g-force (which is the usual issue), but you have no idea if you have done enough until you do a test! This feels like a 'Pro Mode', or Kerbal Space Program, with realistic physics, and no way for you to easily tell if your track is ok. And I'm no idiot, I built 3 coasters today and first one only took 15-20 mins, but it was just stupid the effort I had to put in!!No-one should fork over money for this if they liked RCT2. I loved that game, so the choice is yours. If you want a bland simulator then buy this game, if you want a game that is, you know, FUN, then play something else."
76561198011548805,Recommended,282560,22203377,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,kane31,"Honest Review-Game Release- Early AccessTime played  5-6 hoursI personally think it has potential. Now I haven't played Planet Coaster or the others that people have been mentioning in the post, So i have nothing to compare them with.The controls are a little rough and need some refining but once you get used to them it's not too bad.The Campaign mode needs work. the tutioral does not operate like it should.There are issues with the animations of the people. sometimes you can see them fly out of the ride. gliding instead of walking. things that can be fixed. but not a complete deal breaker.Roller Coasters- Designing is fun. takes a few minutes to get used to the controls but once I did the fun began. However, there needs to be adjustment on the people because all my ""Fun"" coasters make everyone get off and throw up instead of jump for joy. even the pre-made ones you can install the people will get off and puke. I mean the one I made only has one loop and a spiral for crying out loud. how is that not Fun right???Overall I am having fun making a park and roller coasters. I really don't have that big of an issue with it.It doesn't take too long to load. though sometimes on my laptop it can stick for a moment and lag sometimes but not too much."
76561197976829274,Recommended,282560,18790607,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,scottishhaig,"I'm not sure where some of the reviewers are seeing that this game is due out in 40 days or 'a little over a month'.  The release date is 12/29/2015 which is almost TWO months prior to realease (from 10/31/2015).  Apologies to the prior reviewers as I did not see the first release date of 12/10/2015.Is it ready?  No, but I think in TWO months it could be.  There are some definite issues in the current state.Coaster building is very different from the prior RTC games.  I wouldn't say it's necessarily harder, just different.  It's just going to take some time to get used to it.  The camera / scrolling needs some work in that it isn't intuitive or user-friendly (for me).  I did not experience any lag.There isn't much else to review at this point.  All-in-all I think the game looks like it could be great.  I think it would have been nice to know what the developer's intent was with this beta weekend...to test a particular aspect of the game or just give us a small taste of what the game has to offer?While I'm in the minority for recommending the game, I do so with the caveat that we still have two months prior to release.  There is another beta weekend in December if I'm not mistaken and I feel that will be a better indicator of how we'll see the finished product."
76561198104904678,Not Recommended,282560,18783195,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DragonBone,"I couldn't say i'm going to recommand this game.The beta only provided very basic tools, the new control needs to be get used to.The tree I planted seems not moving at all, it looks fine, but feels like a stone to me.However, I would say the new graphic loolks good, very realistic.In my eye, rct needs much much more time to be completed.Plz, developers, you could do better than this. We need the pure building fun,the playing fun. I got none of them for now.I now it's just a beta. It made me sad to think this demo will be the core construction part of the game."
76561197988500195,Recommended,282560,25274706,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Payne747,"Long time Rollercoaster Tycoon fan, held off buying this until it was finished, but let's be honest - who can resist that logo, eh?The good: It's got lots of cool things to play with. Loads of props to add, lots of ways to place them and generally looks good.The bad: It takes up loads of memory\CPU, long loading times on an awesome gaming rig and a texture bug was encounterd on first campaign where inital paths are bright green.It has potential to be awesome though!"
76561198145426063,Recommended,282560,24646337,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,gonzo_camilla,Decent game just have to follow the tutorials and it helps you learn all the new stuff
,Recommended,282560,23475226,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ulderico94,"For now, the game is getting better but we must add Other attractions, improving the frame rate and above all a great lack are:- THE WATERFALLS- MEANS OF TRANSPORT- ROUTES UNDERGROUND- SWIMMING POOLS- ZOOPlease try to introduce these features as they were in the previous chapter and provide excellent replay value."
76561198103708639,Not Recommended,282560,22161708,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,kangoojoe,"-The graphics are terrible and the peeps look so wrong! It looks awefull.-The decorations are very limited and I ended up ''filling in the gaps'' with trees and bushes.-The coaster builder is horrible! using the piece by piece tool is pointless as it does not even give you as much freedom as rct3 did. The coasters that I took hours to build did not look good because of the odd shapes and corners.-The buildings that you can place are very limited, too repetitive.-The sounds are stupid, unrealistic and sometimes scary..-It's impossible to build a coaster with block sections because of the fact that the block brakes will constantly bring the coaster that passes through it to a halt even though the other coaster is at the station.-There are up to four main stations per coaster type, that's it.. enjoy-Your park customization and management is very limited!-Flat rides are just placable.. that's the only thing you do.. place it, you can't even change the color of them!"
76561198081238571,Recommended,282560,23863559,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ceg100057,This game needs work but has potential
,Recommended,282560,24460802,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,V1SH3NG3L,"Although the game right now isn't great it is improving at a giant pace with a big update delivered every few weeks, maybe wait with buying the game a few months when the game will be way better."
76561198126726397,Not Recommended,282560,18788551,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,thebeast6931,I  WANT THE OLD COASTER BUILDER BACK ONE PIECE AT A TIME!!!!
,Not Recommended,282560,22182872,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Simple Simon,Why.
,Recommended,282560,22152863,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tezz!,"I've been reading alot of the reviews already about the game and there seems to be a lot of hate and lack of understanding coming from some of the people who have played this game.Let's start with the obvious, It's early access. Yes there is things that work really well and things that don't. it's all part of the development process and I'm sure the devs will get onto improving these features over the next couple of weeks and months leading up to the V1 release.The gameplay for me so far has been relatively solid and no major problems that disrupt the game completely if anything it's mainly just minor superficial things so I'm going to list them out below.#1 Pavements: These are the most frustrating parts of the game to build as far as I'm concerned and as a person who likes to keep things looking smart and symetrical this has been a hinderance does present a problem placing buidlings next to each other. my recommendation to the developers, allow pavements to connect to each other at any point instead of somewhere randomly in the middle.#2 Bulldozer tool: I had to remove some trees and shrubbery in some areas to make space for rides, buildings etc. The bulldozer only lets you remove one object at a time with can be tedious when there is smaller things hidden behind trees. If there is possiblity for a bulldozer brush tool to remove large areas of clutter quickly that would be appreciated.Overall: I think RCTW is quite a good solid build for an early access and it has potential to to get even better, I implore anyone that is thinking about buying this game that you should consider the early access tag and please make notes of any bugs/defects or anything you think would improve the game and let the developers know so it can flourish as a sequel of the much loved series."
,Recommended,282560,18784867,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,pacifichero45,"My frame rate due to my low end laptop isnt great but the graphics are amazing, getting the roller coasters built is fun but a bit challenging.  But its in beta and needs some work, right clicking a part of a coaster isnt possible so if you end up messing up a section you pretty much have to scrap the coaster and start over again. I recommend this game to get the hang of it and to get some reviews for this game. :)"
,Recommended,282560,18784435,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Liberty Prime,"(Written during Beta Weekend 1)I can understand where people are coming from with the new coaster builder. It does take some time to adjust if you're used to the older games' way of building. From what I've experienced so far it's been great, but that's not to say there aren't any problems with it.The biggest problem I've encountered so far are the restraints. For example, wooden coasters can barely be tilted whereas in real life there are some that do corkscrews just fine. Similar constraints apply to the paths placement as well; I couldn't make a path up to my ride because the game (as it stands during Beta Weekend 1) doesn't have stairs and as a result, you have to elevate your paths over a long distance. Even then I could only build a queue to the ride entrance and not the exit, for what reason I have no idea.The physics seems to be a bit iffy as well. I made a drop coaster that curved upwards into a loop, but as soon as the coaster hit around 60mph it just fell off the track, regardless of how insignificant the curve was.The decorations are good, although it would be nice to have local build limitations (such as hitboxes on other objects) displayed. I tried to wall off one of the gold statues but I had a pretty difficult time with it because of the hitbox being larger than what the model actually shows when you hold it.The game itself was also having a few issues. When I tabbed out and back in sometimes my camera would be locked and the UI buttons wouldn't do anything forcing me to restart from my last save point. The ability to view your coasters in first person is also seemingly random; you have to test it and hope the coaster editor bar doesn't show up at the bottom so you can click the coaster again to get to the camera button.Overall, it's a relatively enjoyable experience. If you do encounter any issues I would highly recommend providing feedback on the RollerCoaster Tycoon World forums. It's important to bear in mind that this is a limited development build and some of the issues we're having may already be addressed. Is it worth £29.99? As of beta weekend 1, no. I'd wait for release reviews if you're not interested in bugs.Any further review past Beta Weekend 1 will be added below this. I'll keep editing the original during the weekend the more I play."
76561197966019663,Recommended,282560,22620911,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,A_Gang_Of_Bears,"I don't review games ever.  But, I find the hate towards this game premature.  IT'S EARLY RELEASE.  EARLY RELEASE=BUGs.  But they are improving the game everyweek.  Give it sometime, and know that you purchased the EARLY RELEASE.  Great Game.  I'm glad to see back."
,Recommended,282560,18782994,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Uy_li,"This Game is downright gorgeous. And yes. It is a beta but when people expect like the full out game content, you won't get it. The game is good so far. I am still waiting to see if they will put more contents in the game. The rollercoaster builder is much more realistic and easier at some aspects but making loops are somewhat very hard. I recommend Atari or whoever is working on the game to put the old style way of building rollercoasters as well as the new one. Other than that, I can't wait to see the full game. Still needs a lot of work but for a beta, it's ok."
76561198151105959,Recommended,282560,22439852,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,delia1487,I love the game but moving around on the game seems really different the older Rollercoaster Tycoon Games. I understand the update for moving around the park but half the time I can not get what I want to place or remove something so I can build a ride or shop because I cannot scroll in or move to the right angle to do so.
,Recommended,282560,23261259,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,DrewGryffindor,"Very Fun Game! Of course there is some glitches in it, but thats what I expected being as its in Early Access. I really like the new coaster designing feature, with that It helps you make more realistic coasters, it does take some time getting used too, but one you know and understand it, its a lot of fun to play around with! I am thankful however for Nvizzio adding in the old coaster designer feature. It really helps me feel the RCT franchise in it. So overall, a really nice game! Just one question, will there ever be any water rides?"
76561198065750621,Recommended,282560,33387718,Posted: 8 July,all,castlerig,"This needs some work.The camera controls are a bit weird.Should zoom to the pointer, not the middle of the screen.Should rotate around the pointer not the centre of the screen.The coaster building is not quite as we remember it. Won't let me swap which end I wish to build from.No waterfalls,The look and feel is almost there, but i can see them not allowing us to import parks from previous games.With some updates this should be good."
76561198171615779,Recommended,282560,22491234,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Gwiddle,"I would have to say I was a bit nervous purchasing this game. Seeing as basically every review is a thumbs down, spending $50 was a large ""gulp"" in my throat. However, I am very happy with this purchase and I'll tell you why.I've been playing RCT all my life. Still to this day, I play RCT1, and make my wonderful parks. I probably got the game in a cereal box, I can't remember; but it's incredible. I also own RCT2 and RCT3, and being a huge fan of the franchicise in general, I bit the $50 and went with this game.The first complain I see from a lot of people is about lag. Either those claims are overdramatized, or some of the later updates have fixed the issues. Don't get me wrong, it IS a graphically intense game. Running medium settings with an R9 390 (I also have an I5-4460) gives me less than 30FPS. I still have yet to try low settings, but my point is that this game is completely playable for any modern day system with a medium to high end graphics card. If you have a cheaper GPU, you might want to upgrade for a more playable experience.We don't expect a game like RCT to be this way, but we have to realize that it is worth it in the end. Yes, RCT1 and RCT2 were programmed on a 1995 engine so efficiently than the weakest systems back in the day could run them at ease. RCT3 also was not bad, I ran that thing on an integrated GPU in a laptop. But RCT World is different. The graphics, for one thing, are better, so this is why it is more intense. Will there be future optimizations? Of course there will. Plus, Atari will probably add DirectX12 support, which should ease the game's frame rates and enhance graphical quality even more.A major plus of this game is the 1.2GB download size. I'm tired of 50GB games, this is a very nice download size. Once you are in the game and get the hang of stuff, you start to realize how much potential it has. The coaster editor is very nice. It may be more difficult to use than the old RCT games, but that's because it has so many more capabilities. The curved paths are another nice feature.If I had a complaint, it would be that there needs to be more and more scenary and rides! The more the merrier. But the truth is we all know this stuff IS coming. Atari will keep adding more content. Another pro is the peeps look really nice, good graphical detail to them for there being hundreds in the park. Also, did I mention there are recycle bins now? And you can place bins either on the path or off to the side. You'll notice nice little features like that. With some touchups, this game will be rocking and rolling!"
,Recommended,282560,22154970,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,johneyt54,"Okay, here's the deal. Every aspect of the game needs work. However, that being said, there are some very promissing aspects of this game. For example, the coaster building mechanics are top-notch. It combines the ease of piece-by-piece with the fine detained spline based editing to easily create specific track. However, you cannot ""delete"" a part of the track, only mess around with the nodes, which makes sense. Also, because it's so ""realistic,"" you have to create realistic tracks, or it's not going to work. In the previous RTC games, you could slap together parts all willy-nilly and as long as it was a completed circut and didn't stall anywhere, it was ""rideable."" Not the case in this game, but I think it really makes you consider aspects you normally would not, so at the end of the day, you're more proud of what you've done. So good coaster building mechanics, but implementation still needs work.Another example is the staff, I don't have much to say other than I'm not a fan of the ""huts-that-take-up-space-and-provide-little-help-and-organization"" way of doing it. I think parkitect has an amazing system where you just had break rooms placed about that increaded productivity.The path placing and using is really the worst part. It's the only thing I absolutly hate about this game. It's extremely tempermental and I am always fighting it, sometimes to the point of tears. It's very annoying. (Pro tip: the large paths are the worst offenders, so just don't.) Also, because of the sudo-grid system, it's much more time consuming to place benches, trash cans, and lights. In RCT 1,2, and 3, I just went ""lamp, bench, trash, repeat."" With one per square, it was quick and painless and provided a system that met and exceded the requirements for the needs. Now, you have to pay super attention to place it exactly, and because paths don't like being even and symmetrical, it never looks good. And that's if it lets you place it! Yeah, it's really only a problem if you have OCD, but lets be real, that was one of the good things about RCT 2. I would like to see a mod or something that uses a more rigid grid. Also, while I'm on the topic of OCD, the grid that follows your mouse around (really nice, actually) has different weighted lines to mark large squares, which is normal. Well, the center line of the park DOES NOT MATCH UP WITH THE CENTER OF THE ENTRANCE!!! HOW?! WHY?! WHO?! And you can't extend the first bit of path and keep it striaght! IT BOTHERS ME SO MUCH!Anyway, I can go on, but I think I'll leave it at this: It's very promising, and I'm really excited for a polished version. I'm going to recommend this game not because of it's current state, but because of it's potential. All of the bad reviews bring up fixable problems, and over time I'm sure they will get fixed and the final result will be a great game."
76561198089345125,Recommended,282560,22149126,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Angel,"As much As I wanted this game to be good, I really don't know. The building is strange and the parks are way to small. I may just not be used to the building system and everything, But I'm not sure. My advice is to wait, I'm going to keep it but I'd say wait till it gets further in and watch youtube videos on it. Then make your decision"
76561198116091513,Recommended,282560,22151117,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,HAIMAOMANIME,"I would recommend the game but, lots of bugs, can't play the game, pink map. lots of bugs but like the game"
,Recommended,282560,22199828,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,hunit260jackrabbittommy,I like this gAME VERY MUCH FEELS GREAT TO HAVE ANOTHER ROLLER COASTER TYCOON  I ALSO KNOW THAT PLANET COASTER IS OUT THERE SO i WILL BUY THAT ALSO i'M A FAN OF ROLLER COASTER GAMES NO ONE COULD DO WRONG IN ROLLER COASTER GAMES TO ME i ALSO LIKE CITY BUILDING GAMES.
76561198134911239,Recommended,282560,22544515,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,fl13x,This Game is so cool and i love it so much just i think they should add more space to build more rides it too little a whole rollercoster could take up the space but still get this game the reason its laggy for some people its because you might not have a lot of ram that the game needs to run nice.
,Recommended,282560,22152758,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lonenut,"It's in Early Access, so there's definitely a few hiccups to overcome, but this is overall a fun sim about designing a theme park! The customization options are thorough, down to being able to theme your food stands to match the area of the park they're in. And the core gameplay: Making fun rollercoasters, works. Being able to ride your own roller coasters is fun as always."
,Not Recommended,282560,18780161,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Leptoon,"The coaster designer is good but hard to use, the beta is riddled with bugs that should have been fixed before the public beta. I can't currently recommend this game."
76561198022121504,Not Recommended,282560,35036248,Posted: 17 September,all,Supreme Guardian,why to get planet coaster...because its not this...but it costs more :(
76561198188293857,Not Recommended,282560,18781859,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,jbuddy31,I expected so much better - this is not amusing at all! I like the roller coaster tycoon 3 Premium so much better. This game is not easy to play or fun. Very frusterated and not impressed. Deffinatley not worth the $50.00 USA cost.Sorry but this is a dud!
,Not Recommended,282560,18781301,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Axe Do It,"In it's current form, there is A LOT of work needed. It feels more like an Alpha than a Beta.It's a shame to say the least.There is potential, but current bugs make the game almost unplayable.Hope the finished product will be better."
76561197976220351,Recommended,282560,22417447,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pointblank!,"RollerCoaster Tycoon World in it's current state is a difficult game to review because while the game has so much potential, it is marred by technical issues, and lack of content.When you see that this game is an Early Access title, they mean it. The game is very much unpolished, buggy, and lacks content. Atari still has a lot of work ahead of it to fix all of the bugs, add content, and optimise the game.Otherwise, the game has a ton of potential; the coaster builder, once you get used to it, is incredibly intuitive and customizable. It's a lot of fun to build a rollercoaster and test it. Operating your own amusement park is also fun, interesting and challenging.Overall, I give RollerCoaster Tycoon World a qualified recommendation; if you can ignore the current issues right now in the Early Access, buy it. But if you want a more polished game, look elsewhere or wait."
76561198232798116,Recommended,282560,22521350,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Unsettler,"I have loaded and unloaded a number of times and I get the same issue in that the arrow cursor is showing in the game, however is keeps taking the game play into one corner. I have no mouse control to move away from the corner or to select any of the options in the bottom task bar. the only way to exit is cont/alt delete.Paid £29.99 which is unusable in its current state. I will remove and hope they have fixed some of these issues in 6 months time. Do not waste your money, wait until the full release date."
76561198042672820,Recommended,282560,22583328,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Tizzfolina,"I am enjoying the updates of this game, I am a huge fan of the originals and this game is a slight train wreck. Iy is improving however. Although can you please improve the coaster builder so my coaster trains don't fly through support beams. When I try to edit with the current updates the supports continue to defy logic. I have high hopes for this game."
76561197970463365,Recommended,282560,22149999,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,crApple-Buyer,"Is the game ready and perfect? Hell no!!!.........but it is on the right path.It is rather decent for an early access.Grafics are cute, but there is a lot room for improvement.The gameplay is going in the right direction.Yes it is far from ready, but this version already makes me giddy for the final version!"
76561198294729727,Recommended,282560,22150682,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Milkmanmark,"Make less laggy. Whenever I move, It is laggy. Rides are laggy. Less laggy!!"
76561198006609425,Recommended,282560,22153782,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,gian284,"Bearing in mind this is Early Access I do find the current state to be playable.  There are still many bugs to be worked out.  My hopes are the developers will address issues reported by players and longtime fans.  I don't have a huge complaint on graphics as I expected the cartoonish style of art.  However, the details and movement of the people are bleak.Some things to think about:Poor optimization.Road system isn’t always ideal.  IE: Doesn’t align or connect to grid.""Snapping"" isn’t very intuitive and poorly aligns.People are poorly animated.Not a lot of content but there is a built in social share system, although it was empty for me.Lack of in depth management tools (staff management, etc.)Poor optimization. (Yes, I said it twice)Deleting can be a pain.  Would be nice to see a drag and delete feature.The concern is that it was previously said to be near finished.  I truly hope that was said in error and that development is still moving forward and we can expect to see updates and patches.Unlike some others I find the Rc builder to be quite nice and challenging for a game that offers little challenge at first to even a novice as plopping down a few ready-made rides will easily get you by money wise.4-5 out of 10 for me.  Disappointed but hopeful will be my mindset on this."
76561198007761167,Recommended,282560,27315197,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,geozero,"Remember when Sim Cities decided to go with a different direction and came out with Societies and their 2013 version... huge dissapointment and disaster.  That's how this game feels.It just went into a different direction.  I suppose if you want a simplified gameplay ""sim"" type of game this is it.For those that wanted to play a better coaster game and be more immersive there is Planet Coaster.Both games went into this from different directions and have different gameplays, GUI, and experience.  Personally PC is the better game.  But I think younger players or people without the patience will find this game better.Because of that I will give it thumbs up.As with any games expect some issues on playability, I am sure patches will be forthcoming."
76561198007032538,Recommended,282560,22739480,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,1886,"Great game, kept crashing will re0purchase after it's officially out and fixed. Love RCT."
76561198254665442,Recommended,282560,25659617,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Clout Bandit,"All of the reviews say it's bad but its not. The controls are a little weird but after like 20-30 minutes they're fine. I was a little skeptical about this game, ya know bc of all the bad reviews, but I really like it. The coaster building takes a bit to get used to and it can be frustrating but after you learn how to use it it's really cool. It's early access, so there's obviously gonna be some bugs, but that shouldn't be the reason you don't buy the game. If you like the RollerCoaster Tycoon games and have some cash to blow, pick up this game."
76561198029574416,Recommended,282560,18780325,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,andrewwilson9,overall i can see promise in this new version but Atari have their work cut out even some of the basics of old such as choosing sections of curve track arn't there on this demo and a fave of mine being able to move around the screen when the mouse hite the edge of the play area(not everyone agrees) but definate promis but with a short time till full release one does have concern.
76561198017605699,Recommended,282560,32049622,Posted: 29 May,all,LaundryChuteNinja,"Honestly i don't know why there are so many negative reviews. I actually enjoy the game. It added alot of things from RCT3 that were needed and while the graphics are nothing crazy, it's not exactly bad either. There are some glitches, but i haven't encountered enough to stop playing it. There is some missing stuff that I would like to see added, but I'm sure that will come  out eventually. If you like the RCT type games, then it's a no brainer in my opinion. I haven't had any perforamce problems either - well, it crashed twice over the course of 6 months. That's not a problem to me."
76561198039195307,Recommended,282560,22273992,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jake,"I own and have played both Planet Coaster and RTW, and I have to say that this isn't THAT bad. I have put in over an hour so far and decently enjoyed it. It is not as polished as Planet Coaster is, but it has more content, and is more of a game than Planet Coaster is in it's current state (no money, park stats, etc) Planet Coaster has a lot more you can make your own with clipping, RTW does not allow that. There are many things that still need to be worked on, and I hope to see updates soon.Some Updates I'd Like:When you want to place a building, ride, or path it will delete whatever is in the way of it being placed automatically.Better motions of pepsAdvertising for your parkand fix the lag when you soom out."
,Not Recommended,282560,23148874,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,hehe,i want a refund
76561198121119317,Recommended,282560,25320452,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,dcspeeder,"I actually really like this game so far... Yea it has some issues, but thats what you expect with early acsess. I honestly can not wait to see what happens next. WHOO HOO!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,282560,25405082,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,superweapons,Do you recommend this game?no because there are bugs in the game.
,Recommended,282560,22242732,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,sramsey1027,"While the game isn't perfect, and I understand it's in Early Access, it still needs some work, For starters, Some minor edits should be made to the Coaster system. The Camera system is much better that it was in Alpha, which is great! AI of the Staff needs work, maybe setting areas for each of the staff members, and being able to actuall click on them. Some scenery or path building on or off the grid can be kind of annoying at times, forcing you to place it at a specific location. Maybe an option to switch between the old path system combined with the new. Overall, it's not a bad game. People are being so damn nitpicky, and acting entitled. These are just my suggestions based off of what I played here. It's still fun, and entertaining. It needs work, but it could shape up to be the next gen RCT of all of our dreams."
,Recommended,282560,22354991,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,jack.tucker91,"Not too bad so far.  There are many graphic bugs which is to be expected with early release version.Do think it is lacking in content but have come RCT3 with all expansions so that had a lot of content.Find it odd that there are no transport ride e.g. monorail.All in all, it is more than playable but needs quite a bit of improvement and content."
,Recommended,282560,22602392,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Stripteased,"All this hype and fighting over planet coaster and RCT World... well, i have both, planet coaster is very limited in my opinion. like 5 to 6 rides and a crappy pre coaster builder. You can customize and make buildings which is incredible, the details are insane i will admit. I however love RCT World. It feels like a full game, a few bugs here and there but still very playable and they do patches often that make huge improvements. Definitly recomend both RCT world and Planet Coaster but you will be spending more time on RCT until Planet coaster actually releases more data."
76561198217110391,Recommended,282560,25080698,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,cheftildead,"it's ok, deff not the same as previous..but ok"
,Recommended,282560,22155871,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,master henz,genuine evolution of rollercoaster tycoon.lovin this game
,Recommended,282560,22307225,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,BlazinGod!,"Current Review : 4/8/2016For Devs:Ok so after about 30 mins your game starts to lag a bit , because of more Peeps entering park...to fix this just save exit game , exit steam, reloadGame really needs mass delete or flaten all that deletes all trees/shrubsColoring coaster tracks pleasealways upward arrow on number of peeps in park, even when loosing peeps (lolz)Painting ground texures is Amazing Keep how it is.brush size of ground move tool , you can actually only make this so big, UNLESS you just zoom your camera way out haha beat the system.building above hieght limit, yea i know how to do this and frankly the current hieght limit way to low, in RCT2 you could go to 700 FT :( please add more hieght.Game speed up button, yes it works but at max speed its only increasing game time by about twice or three times as fast, in RCT1 fastest speed was half days at a time... please yes...Frankly every coaster anyone costom builds has extreme nausea and intensity, please re-do calculations on this so annoying, tryed building 70k coaster only got it to 5 excitement, and yes ive hit your cap on intestity of 250 with that coaster soo...For Gamers:so far the game has taken RCT feel and put it into a whole new game, yes you can kill peeps still but only with testing cant open it let them get on and they ride off into the abyss.yes the game needs optimised still but its looking better with every update.biggest tip i can give you is scroll wheel to zoom and Ctrl + mouse movement to rotate camera.by the time they get all the glitches out you will probly be wanting to play this game :)"
76561198277472046,Recommended,282560,22297002,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,sam.fx,"Im generally impressed with this game now that the updates have come out. If we get to play the game like they have been showing us through streams, e.g. no lag whatsoever which is the only flaw for me at the minute- the game is good. Please don't listen to stupid Planet Coaster Fangirls/boys thats where the negative reviews are coming from. I have bought the game, and although it took me a few days to actually get on the game (57% bug) im on it now and its lagging slightly. Im on the poorest graphic settings but when the game is actually fixed with this bug wiped off, it will be great. Good job RCTW team"
76561198149214667,Not Recommended,282560,18816814,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Starmarine126,I waited so badly for this game i got it And everytime i try to play it it says rct world.exe has stopped workingI WANT THIS GAME FIXED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
76561198070945098,Recommended,282560,18779889,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,hoenschyburger,"RCT Is my favourite video gaming series of all time. This game so far is looking great, its not as user friendly as the older games in the series but from having a play of its coaster editor, the things you will be able to build will be more detailed and more realistic. At the moment its just a beta, but it seems as though, when the full game is released, it will be an excellent theme park builder. :)"
,Recommended,282560,24221141,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,nauxwarr,"Good game for a beta. It still has some bugs to work out. Not worth the price as of right now but hopefully when they are done with updating the game, it will be worth it."
76561198055576636,Recommended,282560,27704442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,allenjgoodman,much smoother then the early access
,Not Recommended,282560,22151996,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Regakiller,they have been lazy it is still♥♥♥♥♥♥as ever i say that real reason tehy were so good was because of fronter
76561198123245261,Recommended,282560,25204063,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MikkelFunix,"It can be good, but for now...... it are in a really alpha version, with for many bugs"
76561198095727445,Recommended,282560,22211616,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Jrusso,"yes, it is very confusing at first. But once you play it enough you get the hnag of it. its different from the old games. Not that is bad. Im still learning how to do stuff but its fun."
76561198053727144,Recommended,282560,22388677,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,bkzdeadliest,"Game is great, needs more rides such as water rides, bumper cars and real rides. Also more music from the FIRST RCT GAME. Also, the transportation rides like the monorail, and the steam train, or maybe a subway. Also in sandbox mode, the map needs to be more bigger, to the point where it expands all the way out to the whole island."
76561198236835052,Recommended,282560,22310181,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,justinheard33,"AM a roller coaster tycoon world fan and i love the game in this early access. The game still does need work on bugs,glitches,graphis of detailing,peeps,scernery like the plury vision. i also feel that they should include a mouse curso so it wont be so hard to move the game camera around like rtc3. The game still needs work and am glade the only made it an early accses but i have been enjoying the game and i cant wait till the final touches. also when you are creating a coast the camera tends to move a lot exspecialy if you are building on a hill. i Dont know why people are critisizing the game and its not even finshed people they are working on the game and nivvizzio keep working i see the potential in the game it looks great just needs more tuning and bugs scereny object coaster need a lot of fixing but i feel you guys are working hard on it."
76561198166699220,Recommended,282560,22236875,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,99manns,"This game has lots of flat rides and powerfull coaster bulider once you get use to it and huge veraity of trees and plant. The colours in the game need to be more vibrant but the textures are lovely. You can get mouse scrolling and better qulity graphic by fiddling with the setting.The lack of search or refiment in the path/nature by theme is a bit anyoing and so is the lack of control over staff.The game takes a long time to load and start a park, if you try and place objects before the game starts anmiating it will crash.Overall this game is realy enjoyable."
,Recommended,282560,32943555,Posted: 28 June,all,csproj,"Well, I've played this game fun tho :O"
76561198145249305,Recommended,282560,22151648,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Crega,GREAT GAME BUT NEED LAG FIXING. MY PC IS GTX 980 INTEL I7 4700k 3.5GHZ AND I STILL GET LAGG
,Recommended,282560,18783750,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Gattsu,"NOTICE: this review is lengthy, if tldr, check pros/consIn short, there seems to be a lot to look forward too for RCTW, however there are many tweaks that need to be made. That said, from what I see from forums, this game will not be as popular as the original trilogy because the coaster designer is much more complex to use than in previous itterations.There are only 7 or 8 different coaster types currently present in RCTW and many classics from the second and even first games are missing. My guess is that additional coaster types will be offered via paid DLC, the thought leaves a bad taste in my mouth, but I can't think of another reason why certain 'cornerstone' rollercoasters such as corkscrew coasters aren't available already.The 'innovative' Spline based coaster designer is an interesting take on coaster design, it works well if you plan on building a coaster without any inversions. However, as soon as you plan on including corkscrews, loops or any other inversion. You will almost instantly get frustrated. I found it extremely difficult to create straight lines of coaster track, perhaps because the track is always attached to your cursor before you place it, and while trying to move around simultaneously, the track quickly becomes twisted and messed up. There is a premade loop that can be used, however it does not look realistic and is way too steep. The other premade track piece is a 'vertical corkscrew'. Were the developers smoking crack when they came up with that one?One of the only things that made me actually feel like I was playing a RollerCoaster Tycoon series game was when it came to choosing the colour design of the coaster. Perhaps this is because they did little to no innovation in this area, as none was needed.I designed a hypercoaster in RCTW that seemed fairly successful in design, but the test statistics showed that the ride was hardly 'fun' at all. I know for certain that this coaster would've had atleast 5 excitement if I had made it with any of the original games.It was impossible for me to judge the physics engine this game has because it was impossible to have the coaster running while maintaining a decent framerate. This, despite my computer exceeding the system requirements of the game.There is no Options menu and there is no way to change the resolution, change graphics settings or even any audio settings. I yearn for the ability to mute the annoying music that comes on if you scroll out far enough. As well, the sounds that I am assuming come from the rollercoaster stations are really obnoxious and need to be changed. However this may work itself out as more features and other sounds are added.Controlling the game is a bit of hit and miss, You move around the map with the arrow keys or WASD, I was unable to move around by dragging my cursor to the edge of the screen, something I think is critical for this kind of game.There are a large variety of paths in the game and the system seems to be fairly fleshed out and competent.All in all, if the developers manage a way to include a simplified coaster designer, in the vein of the coaster designer from the original games, I feel this game will see massive success. Aesthetically pleasing and once fully optimized, I will give this game another shot.Pros+decent graphics+complex coaster designer+painting coaster track+fleshed out path systemCons-annoying sound design-complex coaster designer-limited amount of coaster types-vertical corkscrew will haunt my dreams-no corkscrew/arrow dynamics coasters-coaster statistics function completely different-poor optimization-no options menu (albeit this is beta, would be nice to mute audio)-moving around is awkward"
76561198294503604,Recommended,282560,22154290,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,RollerCoasterFan,I know there is a lot that still needs to be done but awesome job so far!!!! I have been playing roller coaster tycoon from the start and this is the game I have been waiting for. So that being said I can go on and on about what's wrong with the game but my concern right now is that the game lags and skips.  How are we suppose to play the game and get the full expirience of what you guys have put together so far. I'm excited to be a part of this awesome jurney with every one. Thanks so far for what you have given us so far!!!
76561198124663114,Recommended,282560,22231501,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,sampgr4,"Ok lets start with the fact that this game is RCT but its a diffrent one.  RollerCoasterTycoon in general is created by Frontier, but for some reason this one is not created by them.  Butttttt that's not a entirely bad.  Nvizzio Developed this game and gave us the early access to the game.  Of course it's not finish full of bugs and myself and a whole lot of other people probably have alot of suggestions they should add to the game, I'm not sure how to reach them but hopefully they will reach out to us by not only giving us early access to the game but a feed channel to listen to us the gamers.  Overall the game isn't bad but its not to good.  It's a new RCT but it don't feel like RTC if you know what I mean. The great thing about this game is the customizable scenary and rollercoasters.  The bad thing is there are really low height restrictments, and the lack of customizing the thrill rides that we could customize such as observation towers, Mini Golf, Go-Karts ECT. But again it's an early access so I can't really complain to much about this.  I can't wait to see what the finish product will have.Again its a new RCT game that you may or may not like.  But don't be afraid to try it out, took e little bit of time to get use to it."
76561198046091091,Recommended,282560,22455862,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Jardawn,"This game was released nice and early and naturally that is because they need the support from fans to improve it.  I would like to point out some issues as of today that I know people are curious about considering all the upset reviews.  I have always loved these titles. So, I noticed reading comments that alot of people are upset with how the staff you place in your park are not great. From playing I see what they mean, but! They do get it done, although it takes time... I never really saw negative effects to my parks score. Or gotten notifications that the park was to messy. I had alot of complaints about there not being enough room as in pathways and things of that nature still no real effect on my overall score but I am sure that is something that can be fixed by simply making the park larger. And I look forward to figuring that out.  I took a picture of my park to display my overall score and all the annoying notifications everyones speaking of but I dont think i can post that here, but it shows my score is great although pesky notifications are there regarding the park staff being to low and stuff. As far as Roller coaster designing goes I am absolutely impressed!!!! The amount of control we have now when creating coasters is amazing absolutely great job done there. I have come to notice that getting the coasters just right takes some trial and error.  So far each coaster I have made is leading to puking guests. But they still ride it somehow lol. They give you pre-built track peices but you by no means have to use them. You can design whatever you want by simply editing a node this allows you to twist and turn or add speed boosters or breaks to tracks and it is very easy to use. I have not figured out if you can go underground with them yet that was always a favorite of mine. And yes there are pre-built tracks if you prefer that."
,Recommended,282560,22187605,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BIGthingy47,"There are a lot of negative reviews, and some of them I will somewhat agree on, the coaster designer is finnicky and certainly takes time to get the hang of, so far despite my computers issues with crashing like it has been lately, I am personally loving it, yes it indeed does have a good bit of work left but if you are a fanboy of the series like myself, I think you may love it, I myself do. Again, finnicky and tough to get the hang of, but it's a lot of fun! It's really a hit or miss in the long run, if you like Rollercoaster Tycoon, give it a whirl if you want, but if you don't, then don't bother with it honestly because there's nothing here for you unless you are a fan of the series as I am myself since day one. All in all, to my personal preference, I am loving it so far, and I think it may have a bright future with how the devs are handling there blogs lately, perhaps a good direction towards a wonderful position for the game. It's a blast! But most definitely buy at your own risk, not for everybody but if you love Rollercoaster Tycoon like myself, give it a go guys!EDIT: After banking a few more hours up, I maxed the settings and I will agree with some of the reviews, the graphics are just barely better than RCT3 in some situations, but the performance wasn't impaced all that much for me even with my ancient components, being an old Core2 Q9400, two 560's, and an nForce 790i FTW mobo, it did lag in some places but overall it did quite well, which kind of surprised be with the system requirements it lists. Overall however, if they updated the graphics, added more coasters and rides, and tweaked the optomiization for a little smoother flow it'll be perfect for me personally.   All in all, still I will say, buy at your own risk, if you love the series as I do, you'll love it!"
,Recommended,282560,22183787,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,gamekilla,"I am liking the game but all together 5.5 Stars out of 10. I though you guys could do better than this. Its good, but needs some hefty work."
76561198268603869,Recommended,282560,23205043,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,pelegriffith,"love this game. it might seem a bit rubbish at first because its early access, but its taken a huge step from rct3 with the freeform mode, and this game has great potential."
76561198319352962,Recommended,282560,30538106,Posted: 16 March,all,el Davo,"This game has definitely improved since its initial release! Really starting to enjoy it again. Still some minor bugs to fix, but overall its getting better, and can only get better!"
,Recommended,282560,24831847,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,epicmonkeyboy,"I think RCTW is a great Early Access game. Im really looking forward to seeing what else they can do before the release of the finished product. For the campaign, Senario, and objective lovers, I would hold off on purchase until later in the project. However for those who love the building Coasters, lanscaping, and just assisting with a awesome upcoming project, I think its a good simulator and a great installment to the classic RCT franchise to get involved with."
,Not Recommended,282560,18779944,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ric,"IF YOU WANT SOMETHING NEW, COOL, AND FUNCTIONAL, AND OWN RCT2, JUST DOWNLOAD OPENRCT2Do not bother with this game.  It is flopping heavily with its loyal forgiving fans, and PCGamer and Atari themselves hyping this game up before it even came out seemed suspicious enough for be, but I bought it anyways.  Even with my middle-high tier PC, I feel like I was loading it on XP, ARK performed better than this.I'm not going to complain about the coaster editor, I love the spline editor, and it was going really good.What I will complain about is the crashing is way too sensitive.  Call it difficult if you want, but it's hard to get fast speeds and keep your coaster on the track when the hill collisions don't even work and it flies off the coaster before it even gets to the hill.Your cursor and the spline editor will also magically de-sync, making the game unplayable, and for the life of me, I cannot figure out how to delete parts without having to delete the whole coaster.The music is horrid and if it reminded me of anything, it reminded me of how bad the Sim City reboot was.  That's what this game is.The beta doesn't even work in windowed mode!  You can't even change the resolution!  It's horrible!  The options menu is literally just the terms of service!!  And considering this is the most resource heavy game I've ever played on my computer, video settings are what you absolutely need the most!Maybe it will become better in the future.  I was psyched for the custom content, but nobody's going to create custom content for a game this bad.  If you want to download CC, download OpenRCT2 and look up some custom content for that.  I'm applying for my refund right now."
76561198058928720,Recommended,282560,22151303,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,HoneDeuce,"i wasn't sure where to list my feedback, but after about 30 min of gametime, i'm enjoying it thoroughly, love the dynamic placement of coaster segments and paths. One thing i wanted to make sure i mentioned was that in the ""peeps thoughts"" for the overall park doesn't have a sort option to see the majority of a particular problem, like in the previous RCT's."
76561197966899842,Recommended,282560,22154782,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jon M,"Has the feel of the good old tycoon games.If you enjoyed the classics, this is a great reincarnation."
,Not Recommended,282560,22837274,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,[✔] dylanweber,Glitchy and unsatisfying. Planet Coaster looks more promising. Do not buy RCTW.
76561198145561502,Recommended,282560,33101519,Posted: 1 July,all,Sibelius,"First off, I tried Planet Coaster, and my computer simply couldn't handle it. However, it can handle RCTW, which is great for people who can't afford high end computers. Secondly, I was astonished at how few items were in RCTW UNTIL I completed the first few tutorial levels. Once you get to a certain point, the game introduces Tycoon Credits which you can use to unlock several items in the game, including themed objects, rides, shops and restaurants, and so on. Simply stated, there is more to this game than first meets the eye. To be honest, it's no RCT3, but it holds promise. It certainly doesn't deserve all of the hateful remarks it's been getting. Please ignore the witch hunt and give this game a fair shot. Remember, if we don't invest some time and money into this game, then the developers can't turn RTCW into what it was meant to be."
,Recommended,282560,24066645,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The God Of Death AKA The Reaper,First i Though this might be a waste of money but after playing the game in 2 straight hours i thought this aint that bad and i have played RCT3 and i think that this game is just as good as RCT3 so RCT makers you are doing a great job keep doing what you are doing and make more updates for this gamelove this game-there is nearly everything from RCT3 but some new add-ons but you can do the same controls as in RCT3
,Not Recommended,282560,23458708,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Random Mosasaurus,"Just... Just get Planet Coaster. The rails are to big, the building is hard (as in it says it will do it and it doesnt), and THE PEOPLE ARENT DEMONS!!! I mean some times RARELY it can be fun but dont waste 60$ on this... Spawn of satan. If you do get it i recommend you kill any visitors. Trust me right before they die they will whisper ""Thanks you,""Edit: The peeps are not demons just not people. I feel they fixed a lot but planet coaster would be a better purchase. It was 60$ at the point of review btw."
76561198393622039,Recommended,282560,32482520,Posted: 16 June,all,chandler.jackson0528,"Listen. I don't understand all the negative reviews. I love this game. I love the node system of building and the piece by piece system. All in all a great game....My only complaint. I was having no problems until about a week after playing it. Whenever I try to play it lately it just shows the mouse loading blue circle and the previous screen. Then I click, the screen turns black. I click again, all white. Then I get the popup about the game not responding"
,Recommended,282560,25418821,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CD,"After loving Roller Coaster Tycoon (from 2000) i thought i would love this game. Maybe i can play, but the optimization needs serious work. I got more RAM for my (integrated) graphics card, and have noticed a serious improvement in most games. Hopefully, i can play. If not my friends may see me play a non steam game called ""Roller Coaster Tycoon Deluxe""...I actually get enough FPS, on minimum settings, to run the game and play normally. Just never open the peice by peice builder."
76561198095572357,Recommended,282560,22167648,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tony,"Considering this is early access its truley an amazing game, loving every minute of building parks and using the new coaster builder. Too much negativity is surrounding this game because of a few set backs but if you want perfection then the wait is a must and I beleive looking at the game now that ATARI will deliver plus the fans who are now playing the game in early access get to put in a lot of input and help mould the game in to something spectacular. I'm running the game at the highest graphics setting possible and experiencing no problems. Would definitely recommend this game. I've been a fan of the RCT franchise since the first game released and up to now RCTW is still doing it justice. There is still a lot new content and minor bug fixes to be added but that wont stop me having a lot of fun playing the early access version. Well done ATARI keep up the good work and I look forward to the updates. Take as long as you need just keep delivering perfection."
76561198019296553,Recommended,282560,22986621,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,chrisabell08,Many people are all ticked off that they get to help develop an unfinished game.  I'm pretty jacked up about it.  Had to throw in a recommenation to offset the negative reviews.
,Recommended,282560,22231565,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Corrigan J. Maher,"Fun, enjoyable game!  I've played several hours on it already, and haven't encountered any serious issues.  Sure, it needs some polishing.  The graphics aren't the best, but usually things get optimized at the end of the development cycle, not the middle.For all those giving this negative reviews, try to think in terms of the enjoyment the game can give.  It delivers on what it promises, albeit not perfectly.  The developers made it clear that it's a work in progress, and we - the gaming community - should support them!For those who are talking about Planet Coaster - it is true that the graphics there are much better so far.  However, it's also still in early alpha, and as an individual who purchased it, I can attest to Planet Coaster lacking many of the features that RCTW has, despite having more optimization and modernization in it.The bottom line is - I believe this is a legitimate successor in the RCT franchise, and would recommend that people consider it!"
76561198007981465,Recommended,282560,22242457,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,natahanial,"I've only spent a few hours on this but so far I've only come across one issue described as a con: deleting things is a pain.I will say that I have a powerful rig and can run the higher settings of the game. The only lag I've experienced is when a structure is selected on the build menu for the first time. Otherwise, it runs smoothly.I've enjoyed the game so far, even if it is more of what has gone before. Once you get the hang of the new coaster tool, you can create some cool designs. The game could benefit with more polish but hopefully that is on the cards. From what I've seen, the game does not deserve the negative ratings."
76561198310628288,Not Recommended,282560,23576066,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ryanfesta10,I cant even load into the game
76561198244664964,Not Recommended,282560,23143443,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,prins.christine.e,I can't even play the game! It keeps craching every time I try to play a scenario
76561197987822630,Recommended,282560,22169796,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Blue * Phoenix,"Unlike most, I'd like to focus on this game's POTENTIAL. It clearly has that, but there are too many problems at its core that should've been adressed before the BETA. It's the greatest paradox of modern gaming- it's beautiful but horribly lacks detail- has so much potential but is damned to fail. In case the dev's see this I'd like to point out some small things that would go a long way in fixing this game before I move onto the cons. BTW I have not played planet coaster, I'm judging RCTW on its OWN merit. The only thing that scares me is that the company will see the mostly negative reception and pull funding out of it completely- things CAN be fixed but may not be PROFITABLE to fix when the client base is already weeping and gnashing their teeth at their early access build.Pros-Diversity of scenery options, peeps, and rides.-It's Rollercoaster Tycoon.-Lack of detail aside, has a unique, beautiful flow.-Can still charge peeps to use restrooms-Coasters crash (BUT NEEDS EXPLOSIONS)-Peeps are funny although I think it's because they're bugged (the other bugs aren't as funny)*As early access, they still have to patch this game at least once before they release itHelpful fixes-Add HD free DLC, also add option to toggle peep detail/resolution (would help performance with 1000+ peeps)-Selection tool should automatically balance terrain- too many unbuildable open spots where things SHOULD fit.-There's already a sandbox mode- make the campaign harder i.e. stalls not making profit by default-We're not all Mac users- add advanced video options!!! Not all of us like depth of field.-Add more stuff don't rely on the community to make your game, we ADD to it. ;DCons (of the type that should've been fixed before beta- lets go easy on the dev's)-Peeps IGNORE trash cans and throw up past them in the exit paths.-Janitors don't actually start working until you click on building and they leave. And they suck at their job.-Beautiful aesthetic but major lack of detail. (HD DLC?)-Peep AI is horrible. Optimization is horrible but since it's early access there's still hope. (REDESIGN OVER)-Selection/snap/grid system (which is core) is bad. Too many open spaces where you can't build.-Sound is s**t and also cannot add custom music to speakers. It's a major turn-off.Cons (Due to early access)-Occlusion poorly optimized- some paths turn invisible, tracks will disappear, etc.-Optimization and Textures (can be fixed so lets give them that- probably a memory thing)-Staff buildings share same model, use different sign/flag. Couldn't mechanics have toolboxes outside? Janitors mops?-Models for coaster trains (especially in coaster-cam) are bad. I get this may be part of optimization process. Or at least I will continue to tell myself that.-Roller coaster TYCOON world. Add shops and soon you'll be rich. No work needed. Get the point?MOVING ON... there is much potential in this game but after being led along for so many months and told that this game was almost finished, it still handles, looks, and plays like an alpha. The coaster building is great but if you're like me and hardly make custom coasters, you tend to focus on other things. I'm requesting a refund, but definitely gonna come back and see the progress in a few months. Right now, there are too many core problems but most importantly, NEGATIVE FEEDBACK, that will most likely cause them to not get enough funding TO fix the game. I want to believe that these problems will be addressed and fixed in time but the writing on the wall says that they'll make one patch, release it fully, and add half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC to milk as much as they can before abandoning ship. Although, to be honest, if they DO make the effort into fixing it, I can easily see this becoming something great. I'd reccomend watching as this progresses before you commit to a purchase- they will either fix it or pull out completely and there's no way of telling what they'll do at this point."
,Recommended,282560,22169351,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,zachary_williamson1991,"After about 20 Rollercoasters, Im finally Getting used to the track editor, Once you have this down, the game become quite enjoyable. Its more robust than Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 in terms of flexability, Every pre rendered part of a rollercoaster is actually creatable on your own if you like threw regular editing, the parks having free roam paths not tied to squares is quite nice, including the 3 different sizes. Full restraunts including kiosks is nice. Im excited if there is more to come with the release. Id recommend buying this if your a true Rollercoaster Tycoon Fan. All the negative comments are from people that havent even played the game an hour, which i find quite sad Because with every tycoon game, there is a learning curve to climb over. Obviously those guys were as eager to give up on trying to learn as they were on writing a bad review on steam. Good Job"
76561198064058587,Recommended,282560,25518613,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Tiffany The Dragon,This game is gettin better the longer its in beta
76561198004310833,Recommended,282560,22387579,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,cfisch08,"Needs some work, but, has potential. After reading the reviews for this game I was hesitant to purchase it. Ive been playing RCT since the original and was excited to get my hands on this game. The game is in early access people. There are going to be bugs. The developers are counting on us to help find them so they can fix them. I didn't experience any problems playing the game. I'm running an AMD FX-8350 with a GTX 970.The coaster builder does seem complicated, and I think that the fixed coaster pieces need more options. Manually building a coaster takes a very long time. I've only played the came for about 30 minutes, but so far I think the game has lots of potential and am interested to see what happens with updates. The developers seem to be releasing patches and updates pretty quickly so kudos to them. Yes they need more ride options, yes they need more coaster styles. Again, this is EARLY ACCESS. If you're hesitant to buy because the game is unfinished, WAIT for the finished product."
76561198137071550,Recommended,282560,22332763,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,djrastelli,One of the best Roller Coaster Tycoons yet! Even in the early stages the game is really good I had so much fun playing it and can't wait to see what else gets relesed. There are a few things I would like to see change. For one the 57% loading error can be very annoying but i was able to overpass that. the other thing is it runs very slow and it would be great if it was modified a little to work of slower computers and maybe even Macs. The game is great and I cannot wait for the full version !
,Recommended,282560,18794727,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,gopherJoe,"I realize the game is only in beta and so what I say is only for contructive criticism.The Bad:-In it's current state even as a beta the game is terrible to work with and loads way too slow.-As other's have said it is too difficult to make a straight piece of track.-I had trouble just building one simple roller coaster that would go in a circle and have a predifined loop.-I should have  been able to easily define my own loop which i could not figure out how.-I am strongly recommending that you add the ability build a roller coaster piece by piece like in previous versions of the game and give each piece the ability to adjust it to the creators liking so that people of all ages and backgrounds can enjoy the game and not just professionals.-Should be able to place paths piece by piece like in previous versions and also given the ability to adjust them.-I should also be able to make paths as large as I want.  For example I was able to make two paths side by side but they would not run together.  This makes it extremely difficult to create a courtyard.The Good:-What I like about the game so far, as poor as it is, the flexibiliy to manipulate the roller coaster tracks.-The ability to put paths in any direction.-Planting objects in various locations,-the queue for rides is great.-The graphics.Things to Incorporate:-snap to grid-build coaster and paths piece by piece-ability to create paths as big as you want-dual station that can take two trains for loading and unloading at the same time.  Like thunder mountain at disneyland.-an entrance just for boarding and an exit station behind that just for unloading like what can be done in rct3.-transfer track-storage for trains not being used but can be added as the crowds grow.  Trains should be added from storage automatically or by the user.-There are other things but I will wait until the second beta to see if they get incorporated as they do not apply to this beta.Conclusion:I feel like there is a lot of negativity for this beta.  I believe there is good reason for it.  However, I feel like this game has a lot of potential to be better than any other previous rct game.  I cannot recommend this game based on the beta but I can recommend it for it's potential and I am very excited to see the final product."
76561198003116837,Recommended,282560,18794803,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Racer-X,"I have high hopes for this game.  The RCT games are some of my favorites of all time so I may be a bit biased.  This beta is going to be very misleading for many people as it was, in my opinion, not very well handled.  What most people do not seem to realize, even when they type ""i know this is a beta but...""  is that there are many features that are not enabled in this beta, even though the game states this very fact in the pop up window when the game is started.It does not list these features but from watching developer demonstrations I know there are featues such as a ""snap-to"" grid that will allow you to build coasters in a way similar to the old RCT games.  The complaints about the graphics are also invalid, as this beta also does not allow you to adjust graphics settings.  They are most likely set to a conservative setting to allow many more people of varying PC,s to be able to evaluate and test the game.I am recommending it for now, even though I will admit it still has a ways to go.  The potential is there, and I have high hopes that they will get there eventually.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpKd5xYXj-g"
,Recommended,282560,22166413,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Isuria,"This is a seperate game to Planet Coaster. So i will not compare the two.I just bought the game today, it runs fine on my laptop and graphics card so thats not an issue but what annoys me a little with this game is that the rollecoaster stations are pre built, theres no walls you can decorate them with. and to me the building system just seems a little fidigty, i much rather prefer the old RCT3 build system, but hey ho. This game is lacking in some areas but hey its Early Access (for some reason co-5monthslate-ugh) but it certainly has some potencialthankyou."
,Recommended,282560,22167824,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Pantzer101,"I think it's a good game. I do think its worth $49.99. It's a great game. I don't know why there is a lot of hate, because I love it!"
76561198156708022,Recommended,282560,22609123,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,delroy1989,WaterCoaster Rides?????When can we build water coaster rides like the log flume and river rapids in thia game? would look forward to building them  if they came out in the next update :D
,Not Recommended,282560,18781459,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,KangarooJoey,What a surpise this game is still trash. Go buy Planet Coaster
,Recommended,282560,29096526,Posted: 7 January,all,AtomicTina,"While I do recommend this game, I don't recommend paying full price. There are a lot of little issues here and there and this doesn't play much like the old Rollercoaster Tycoon games. I really enjoy this game, but even on a high performance computer, it doesn't run smoothly. There is a lot of the camera getting stuck when moving around, menus not popping up when you click on a person, ride, ect. Outside of its issues, the game is fun. Its sandbox feature is exactly what I was looking for with the ability to move the camera around to get right up on the buildings and rides. I wish the ability to play pre-made parks like the old rollercoaster tycoon games was a feature, but it doesn't seem to be. The pre-built parks you play are more of levels in a tutorial of the game. Overall, I would say this game is bugged and has a rushed feel which is why I wouldn't recommend paying $35 or more for this game, as I did. However, if you really enjoy these types of games, and are looking to build your own parks with an up-close feel, this is the game for you... as long as you can get past all those little glitchy issues!"
,Recommended,282560,22198742,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Animnl,"I really like this game! At first things were not always as clear where I could find them. The tutorials help but they are a bit anoying because they block half the screen and you cant drag them to another position. Now they block the things the tutorial wants you to do. I now just look up a tutorial when I really can't find it. Building a coaster was a hard at first but I am starting to get the hang of it. I just have to figure out how I can make loopings.I realy like:- Rollercoaster tycoon is back!! :D (very happy about that)- Much control in building a coaster exectly the way you want.- Very nice looking game, with everything on high quality the light effects are really pretty.- (I read that in the future you can build your own objects for in the game? That would make me really happy.)I liked a little less:- No undo function to quickly cancel an action.- Can't rightclick to leave a building state (after Im done building paths I now have to deselect the build paths states to do something, would like it if you press right button to leave that state)- Tutorial windows cant be repositioned. (like I mentioned already)- Character animations are pretty bad (I'm a character animator and I think you could defenitly improve the way the characters move a lot)I am very confident with a little improvement this will be a great game!"
,Recommended,282560,22383326,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,BHsightline,"Currently the game is very rough and not overly playable as a full park simulator but there is a lot of potential with the systems they have in place for it to become a great RCT game. The game is in a state that should be expected for early access and not reviled becuase it isn't complete. If you are unwilling to play an unfinished product then wait for the games full release.Performance note:I have read a lot of reviews saying that the game is unplayable due to performance issues, my spec is 16GB of RAM, intel 6600K, and gtx 960 and have absolutely no performance issues what so ever."
76561198254071401,Not Recommended,282560,18824892,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,tbrandt52,"Can't even ake it to the game beore it crashes, not impressed with that."
76561197998201481,Recommended,282560,22310393,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,chip_gotwald,"Critical analysis of RollerCoaster Tycoon World by ChipgtIntroduction:I have always been a fan of the RollerCoaster Tycoon (RCT) Series. Like many I have been following this games progress from the beginning. However, this is my first review. I have been looking through some of the steam reviews of the game and felt that many people have been writing review very one sided reviews based on other games. What you must understand is that this review will in no way talk about another game. I feel that from a gamer's point of view you should NOT talk about how another game is better when writing about a current game. Since the early access has launched a week ago the developer has released 5 large updates in response to what their users have been saying. This is awesome, because many of the changes have been based on user feed back. So without anymore delay I will discuss what I like and would like to see changed.Delete tool:OK, Of all the things in this game the delete tool by far needs to be one of them. With the added features of bushes, flowers, trees, and more in the random terrain generator there is more that the users must delete in order to build a ride. Currently as of the 5th update you must individually delete one thing at a time. This is extremely annoying. In game time it took me a year to delete a small area to build a ride. I would like to see a delete tool that allows the user to delete more than one object at a time. Or an option were when you hold down the mouse button you can paint away (delete) just dragging over something.Road/ PathsSo when compared to RCT3 this has come a long way in a good direction. However I have found that there are issues when trying to connect a new section to an old in the transition form large path to small. For example, If I plop a store on a long path, and then want to make an intersection in a different place I am ofter forced to connect it adjacent to a store. In other cases I found areas where I wasn't allowed to build a path and there was nothing there blocking it. Over all I like how it works I just would like to see these restrictions addressed. Other times I want to delete a small section and redo it and I can't. I would also like to have the option to change the theme of a path that is already plopped. This would be a nice tool for theme while building new or modifying old sections.Coaster builder:This has by far had the most critiques by many people and I have to say this tool actually is good. I'm not saying its the best, but it is good. I have used other coaster simulators in the past with NO limits and there are a few features that I would really like to see come to RTC world for example, multi view builder. I found that when building a coaster I am moving my view everywhere. It would be nice to have a top down separate view in a remade construction GUI would be nice. This would make building coaster easier.Building builder:I love new new buildings. However, I would really like to have tools to build my own. Something that would be scale to the new restaurants would be very nice.Conclusion:RCTW is still in early access, the game series has come a long way, and will only continue to get better as it gets closer to official release. It will take users and any gamer who is interested in this series to provide continuous input as new updates come out. I for one will continue to add to my review until official release. THanks for reading.-Chipgt"
76561198088057768,Recommended,282560,22186351,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,GHOSTDRAGON23,"Okay so it early access, it's not going to be the best at the start but its not bad. There is quite a few glitches around the game which need to be sorted. Loads of improvements needed but it's okay for now."
,Recommended,282560,18820394,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,The_grim_11,"This game is going to be great I can already tell. I played the beta weekend and yes the options are limited in what you can do. But you have to realize this game does not release for another almost 2 months. There will be features and systems integrated. A lot of work has to be done, that is true. But in the end, it'll turn out a great game. I was able to jump right into the game and just play it without having to relearn the game. I did have to go through and see what menu had what but it carries the same principle of all the rollercoaster tycoon games. So I suggest buying it!"
76561198092344987,Recommended,282560,18794108,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DarkEastwood,"This is going to be a lot of fun!All the negative responses won't do any good guys. There certainly are a lot of things that needs to be done. But I trust the developers will take care of that. They surely will listen to the users else they wouldn't have launched a beta anyway.Well, my testing results are:+ Pathbuilding is very nice after a couple of minutes ;-)+ Track building possibilities are endless. So much smoother than they earlier editions+ Many details (however trees are disappointing)+ A modern game using flat icons (and of course there are some people complaining, duh!)- I got some interference when a fountain was placed half on a path- Sometimes when I want to change part of a track, it isn't possible anymore (invalid position). Then how was it possible in the first place?- WHen altering the landscape you can only change the hardness of the brush, not the size?! And I can't see how to make sharp edges- Objects won't always snap correctly to a pathThat's it for now folks! Amaze us next release"
76561198171944374,Recommended,282560,18791852,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,micharl18,the beta is good but can't wait for the full game and much improvement from roller coaster tycoon 3
,Recommended,282560,24600667,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GHoZT,"Fun concept, but still so many bugs that make it difficult to play and enjoy. Just trying to do pathing is probably the most frustrating thing, it is very difficult to take a curved path and place shops/entrances to rides on it. I kept having to create extensions off the main road to connect the entrance to the shops/etc to because you can't have something on both sides of the path if it's curved apparently. It would randomly not let me join paths together where there was nothing blocking the placement of the path. Had to build my park in a square pattern to get it to work."
76561198121741386,Recommended,282560,34284545,Posted: 16 August,all,ca32424135214,its very fun if you have a gaming computer :)
76561198125388630,Recommended,282560,25171549,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,awesomebrenguy,"This game is getting better every update they do, and I can't wait for the new p x p builder to come out."
,Recommended,282560,22409920,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,[08-08] Joris,i think its a realy good game but there are some bugs.if they fix the bugs then i think its a realy good game.its a early version it think the ar going to fix it.sorry for my bad english.
76561197976140920,Recommended,282560,22168180,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ddognickel,The game fun and challenging in a little difficult to play but overall it's fun to play the game.
76561198060528541,Recommended,282560,22212561,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jaymo76,"Having played this game for just over 19 hours I want to give my fair assessment of the game.  There is no denying that this game has been riddled with problems from the start.  That being said, while I was not happy to hear of the ""early access label"" I definitely support the decision now.  This game is not remotely near full release!There is no denying that this game has a lot of issues.  The real question is whether or not the game is moving in the right direction.Pros:-coaster mechanics have vastly improved from the beta-looks and feels like Roller Coaster Tycoon series-a fair selection of aufio and video settings-farily strong visuals (though nowhere near close to Planet Coaster!)-a large assortment of props and settings-a fair selection of options:  campaign, sandbox, etc.-incredibly fast load times-an easy to use interface-the ability to buy more land to expand your park-easy to use teraforming options-three types of land/terrain with more coming in future updates-prompt responses from the developer and a timely update of upcoming changes and additions-steam workshop creationsCons:-the path system is very awkard at times-manually deleting of every single object (aka no mass delete)-limited amount and variety of rides, shops and food options (at this time)-no ability to build structures using idividual pieces (will be added at a later date)-peeps (they are awful re: visuals, movement, etc.)-30 second night cycle (I really don't get this one...???)-maitenance doesn't seem to work and/or is very buggy-rides break down and often don't get fixed in a tmely manner, or at all-no ability to place lights and benches on elevated paths-complete lack of optimization... this game will make your system ""work"" for it!-occasional crashes and there is NO Autosave featureI have faith in this game but I also have many concerns and reservations.  I was tempted to ask for a refund but I made the choice to commit to the game simply because I want the game to be successful.  I had 100's of hours of playing RCT3 and I want this game to deliver so I have decided to support Atari on this one in the hopes that this can turn into something special.  Only time will tell if that is a sound decision.I also plan to buy Planet Coaster at some point.  However, a big issue with PC is the GPU specs.  Most systems will be able to play Roller Coaster Tycoon World.  The video card requirements for PC are very high at this time and a lot of people will not have the hardware to run the game at optimal levels, if at all.   RCTW can cater to a much larger market at this time and the fact that it's on Steam is huge for me.For people who want the Roller Coaster Tycoon experience and are willing to put up with a lot of bugs and glitches and minimal content, then I recommend the purchase in order to help out the development team.  If you don't want to put up with all of the hassles of ""early access"" then I strongly reccomend that you pass on this game for now.  Be very clear that if you buy this game you will be getting a very incomplete experience.  So, do you want to support the developers or do you want to wait and see?That's my .02c  Take it for what it's worth."
76561198120585458,Recommended,282560,22190368,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,rosatobrandon,Hello i bought the game in january exactly january 1 and i bought the deluxe version and i dont see any of those features and it makes me mad because i payed extra for more features and i also know that you guys are still working on improvements because the game is in early release but when will i see the updates for deluxe and how will i see it thanks and im sorry for complaining it just makes me mad
76561198106128138,Recommended,282560,22224955,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,billy pearce,"I think this game has potental. once they work the bugs out it will trully be better. peeps wont buy stuff, if they have to walk thru a door. they just get angry ,and stay hungry. the other problem is, ill get that one ride or two, that my machanics wont fix for some reason.the coster builder is bad♥♥♥♥♥ ive been having alot of fun with that:) i really like the ride camera two."
,Not Recommended,282560,22148283,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Expand Dong,"The Game is Amazing, I really Love the brand new Texture the ground has and the flat trees. SO EPIC HUH???? jk this game is terrible piece of trash that should of been delayed and worked on more.Why are the developers of this game making it more like a 3D version of the RCT4 mobile game?They should lisen to the negitive reviews more as they are doing the wrong things, this is more like an alpha build!"
,Recommended,282560,22907355,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,WickedPuppy,"As many have mentioned, many of the glitches and bugs that began at launch have been corrected. At current there is a satisfactory amount of gameplay available right now. There is still a ton more to do, but for a game that is considered Early Access there is hours of fun here.My only issue with the game currently is the Peeps seem not to behave correctly and they crowd up or do not take care of their needs right away. I watched Peeps walk past the bathroom when they had to use it. I've had a few crashes, some glitches with building pathways, and when my park gets to over 2000 visitors, my PC seems like it is about explode.If you are on the fence about purchasing this game, most of the negative reviews were written the week after the game was available. Look at recent reviews. A lot has been fixed and now the game is playable."
,Recommended,282560,33286895,Posted: 5 July,all,𝕖𝕣𝕣𝕠𝕣,"Im not sure why people are hating so hard, It's not the best game, but it's not bad. It's just okay"
76561198295493081,Not Recommended,282560,22160548,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,billywoodrow,Pants!
76561198196897191,Recommended,282560,23039197,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,England Is My City,dont buy if pc is bad
76561198166612540,Not Recommended,282560,22873307,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lisa-chan,This game keeps crashing!!! I want a refund now!!!
,Not Recommended,282560,22165521,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Majuelo,WORST GAME OF THE YEAR 2015.
76561198088727271,Recommended,282560,22191434,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,KBMarquardt,People who haven't experienced the game for hours doesn't know how good the game is they are just inexperienced players. Learn how it works then help the developers fix the issues. It's an early release the game needs improvement. Stop complaining and enjoy the fun.
76561198286138491,Recommended,282560,22374898,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ndarland9,"The frame for the game is there, still working out the bugs. Will be nice once all is fixed. Lagging was improved recently but still exists. Waaaaayyyyy too much vomit and trash piling up on the walkways. Janitors seem to be lazy and too many people getting sick off a rollercoaster. RAM issue seems to be better."
76561198240529638,Recommended,282560,23074115,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,GamerGuy,"The Game Graphics Are Great! I Really Love The Gameplay And The Controls. For Me It's Slow And Laggy, But I'll Get MyComputer Fixed Soon. The Coaster Builder Is The Next Level. The Previous Games Were Peice-By-Peice Tracks, But Now You Have This Thing Where You Make Them However You Want! What I Really Don't Like Is They Still Haven't Changed The ""Peeps"" To People. If Your Trying To Make The Game Realistic Then You Should Just Call Them Guest, But It's Not That Big Of A Deal.There Are Still Some Glitches And Stuff But I Don't Blame Them Cuz It's Early Access. Going Back To It Being Slow For Me,It's Just My Computer, I Bet Other People Are Having The Same Problem. Like I Watch People Play It On YT But Theres Is So Fast."
,Recommended,282560,24881902,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,colborne_greg,"Minimum system requirements:OS: Windows 7CPU: Intel Q6600, or i5Memory: 8 GBGraphics: Geforce with at least 1 GB RAMDirectX: version 11Storage: 8.1 GB availableRecommended system requirementsOS: Windows 8 (best multi display control, move mouse to another screen without losing focus to RCTW)CPU: intel i5Memory: 16 GBGraphics: Geforce 760DirectX: 11Storage: Solid State Drive (Without this game loading times are insane)"
76561198103187093,Recommended,282560,18782131,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kill achmed,love it
76561198010079602,Recommended,282560,22315361,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Spelbreker,ondanks het spel nog in ontwikkeling is het tot nu toe een leuk spel.  Als je naar de kern van het spel kijk is het een goede opvolger van rollercoaster 3.mis alleen nog dat ik geen simpele gebouwen kan bouwen als in RC2
76561198184399938,Recommended,282560,22651217,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,jamesyboi87,"I've played this game for 24 hours altogether and now I can give it a full review. When I first got the game, I knew it was early access so it naturally wasn't finished.It's improved a lot since the last update and I've really enjoyed playing this game.A few things.Don't go into this expecting a completed game because it's far from complete. There are plenty of things to iron out, include and it still needs to be optimised so there is some Lag, especially when you have a park with over 2000 Guests.It is playable though just don't expect it to be perfect. if you want all the features and stuff like RCT3 then stay well away and maybe wait a good few months and then purchase the game but if you can't wait then buy it now and help the dev team with the game.Otherwise I can and do recommend this game. It's fun and still has a lot of features to enjoy it for a few hours each day.The most recent reviews out of 60 are 33 positive / 27 negative. that might p#help you figure out a little bit too!!"
,Recommended,282560,22180300,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Uglazgrin,"The devs have been tirelessly working on this game and it shows. Having played it the day they released it, I can say the progress is great. frame rate fixes, graphical improvements, ui enhancements, new content, the list goes on and they haven't shown any signs of stopping. That being said, it is still early access for a reason. Mainly lack of complete campaign and little diversity in coaster type (no log flumes or many of the coaster types from previous games) This game is not fully fleshed out yet, but it is cool to see how far it has come since initial release."
76561198054991720,Recommended,282560,22230897,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,10to21,Graphics wise this is a lot better then the previous game. Since it is early access  you should accept that there will be bugs. It's sad that there is a lot of hate going towards this game. But besides the few bugs that I have encountered  this game is doing very well and is worth buying.
76561198078892944,Recommended,282560,22246534,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,x_facter101,"I LIKE THIS GAME. it has way more than i thought it would as a beta release. there are things that i think need improvment. like building placement realism, and the ability to delete multiple items at once. and i dont understand all of the haters, ITS NOT DONE. THERES still more under development. as far as i know. i would love to know when the updates are comming."
,Recommended,282560,18811392,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"Optimization issues would be the main flaw to this game.As soon as you start adding new stuff into the park, the frame rate takes a massive hit and I'm running on a i7 6 Core CPU, 8GB DDR4 RAM and a GTX 970.Gameplay is actually not bad, it's vastly improved and makes building much faster.I really don't understand the complaints as I've had issues with the previous entry into the series about the gameplay, though a grid system wouldn't be bad to add in as an extra for people who want to build paths that are equal. That would be my main complaint about the gameplay really because I can't access the other stuff until launch.Graphics looking nice.For a RollerCoaster Tycoon game, the graphics are actually pretty good for a change but I did notices a few graphically errors like the ground changing resolution the further you move away from the ground but character models look decent and the overall RollerCoasters look great.Sound design is alright.Now, what I really have an issue is the lack of sound in this game. The RollerCoaster sound effects are awesome and all but I would really like to be able to add music onto the ride as well as hear different varites of music. The sound does cut out when you open a ride and then suddenly click the building tool which was pretty strange.Overall: People are holding on TOO MUCH to  nostalgia.As a fan of the series since RollerCoaster Tycoon 2, I've had little to no issues with the game mainly because it was a BETA GAME and not the final product. But I must say that what I've been having great fun in the game it's actually really good and has the potential to be great!Also, to the people complaining about how ""It doesn't keep to the old style"", grow up. This is a game that actually IMPROVES upon the sequels and gives you more creative freedom to make amazing Death-traps- I mean amazing ""RollerCoasters"" and gives new comers to the series an easy access to the game if they haven't played before.I'm not going to give it a rating because I want to try out the full game but from what I've seen from the beta it's a:Have a Go - Rating"
76561198219721988,Recommended,282560,18802944,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,An404Error,Coaster crashed before it even left the station – 10/10 would crash again
,Recommended,282560,18800497,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tane,This game is looking good but DONT RUSH it PLEASEi have been a BIG fan of RCT it was the first game iever played(that was good enough to remember) me andmy mum would spend hours making parks messing withpeeps and its looking good but planet world is lookingamazing i think you should take inspiration from them.Also on the beta weekend  i could not load it up on mypc or my laptop when ever i started it my screen wentblack somtimes showing the toolbar please fix this beforethe game is released.I do recomend this game but i would wait until they finishedbefore buying it unless you are someone who will play iteven if planet coaster has more options and has somenice terrain tools.
76561198300579745,Recommended,282560,22721294,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,dahkme,It keeps freezing and the I get the RCT4 is not responding! Campaign mode!!
76561197993871050,Recommended,282560,22166149,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,jkupitz79,"Awesome start, but the early access version certainly leaves a lot for improvement. I expect fans of the franchise will love it, and newbies won't. I'm a fan, so I LOVE it. But as of March 30th (early access launch date) many of the things I love most are missing from the game. Some of the things I expect to be improved are as follows:1. Being able to change the color of the rides.2. More control (or at least better effectiveness) of staff (especially janitors),3. Easier path-making (especially curves) - to this end, it would be nice to have some pre-built curves like a quarter circle which could be resized. Doing it manually is tedious and frustrating.4. Simple color-block decor pieces- One of the beautiful things about RCT2 was the ability to stack and arrange decorative elements to create cool structures. This should be even BETTER in RCTW, but it sounds like they just want users to make the stuff for them. A minecraft-style building-block option would be a blast and it should be easy to do.I LOVE the interface. It is way ahead of RCT3 in pretty much every way! A few months from now I'm expecting to love this game. Right now, it's just ""all-right""."
,Recommended,282560,22171849,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,angbrichan,"After the long wait I am pleased to say that this game is well on it's way to greatness.Some features need to be fixed up a bit, such as clearing items in multiple instead of one at a time, however overall I had a great time playing the campaign to get my bearings. As it is, I would say it is complete enough for the game to be enjoyable, any further fixes are just polishing it up more.The graphics are also really smooth, I played on high setting with no lag.Cant wait to see how it looks when it is complete! :)Update:People need to calm down. The reviews are mostly negative because clearly people expected a finished game. I did too, however I know that this game is well from finished and the team updates and fixes things according to user data quite regularily. It is coming along and it has already improved immensly from release. I very much enjoy this game, I mostly have been playing in sandbox mode for some casual fun, and I cant wait for the next updates!Update 2:I am very impressed with the efforts of the team managing this game! It gets updated frequently, DLCs are fantastic, they are paying attention to bugs and fixing them. I truly believe that this game will only continue to improve."
76561197997366624,Recommended,282560,22473604,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,xXAkirawind0Xx,Okay the game is a bit bad but it will fixes right since it early access I can't junge this game too much but still it RollerCoaster Tycoon game it still a good game
76561198143333611,Recommended,282560,22555627,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,☣Flamingpoison☣,I like it it is still in its beginning stages so I'm not upset that their are some glitches but in the future (the next year) I hope gameplay improves
76561198051291353,Recommended,282560,22192353,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,josh_16price,"This game has huge potential. There are obviously some bugs that need to be worked out and functions added in. For the most part the peeps look very realistic compared to RTC3. The one thing that I wish I had control over as of now is the ability to control or manage the staff. Im not really sure what everyone was expecting from this game, becuse the negative reviews outweigh the positive 30-1.I can only assume this game will be getting better with the future updates."
76561198039704564,Recommended,282560,25991544,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,AngryGingerKyky,"As a true fan of RCT this game is amazing. Yes its got bad reviews and yes its got bugs. But seriously people what do you expect its ""EARLY ACCESS"" and it may have been that way for a long time but its come a long way. Some bugs are annoying but some are easy.My only issue i have is i wish i could break a damn part in the middle of my coast and create new parts all together. All it keeps doing is the custom coaster which is fun but it takes some getting use to. clicking either 1-4 and then using the scroll on the mouse on each node on the tracks to tweak the track how you like it.THE MAIN REASON I BOUGHT THIS OVER PLANET COASTER!!!!!! PC is Family friendly. RCTW you can do as you please. If you want to open a unfinished coaster then by all means do so. Watch them crash n burn. Create a coaster just like the one from the very first RCT where you cranked up the speed and the they launched off the rails and all died. make the twists and turns so sharp it jumps off the track if they are going fast enough.Highly reccomend this game even with the bug which they are working on and i know they will get it down pact and this game will be AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198089677112,Recommended,282560,25680776,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,spenny,"Super fun! Still kinds buggy, remember that tis is early access and that there is alot they have to improve."
,Recommended,282560,22159850,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,joedight,Not as bad as you might be lead to belive.
76561198302143576,Not Recommended,282560,22804973,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,JeremyEdmonds21,I dislike how it glitches
,Recommended,282560,25945460,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,hoppip,It is probably the worrst game in the siris but i think no because it ticks all off the boxes i wanted in rct3
,Recommended,282560,22159889,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Shaolin,"People are angry at Atari for the marketing and deadline early acess decision.I honestly don't care about early access, as long as the game comes out and it's good.Guess what? The game is not half as bad as people claim. I'm personally having a lot of fun. And it's still on early access!Try it out. If you don't like it, you can always ask for a refund!"
,Recommended,282560,22657981,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,MadDoggyca,"RCTW + MyDream Swift + Rift/Vive VR = Throwing up. You'll like it, come back for more, and throw up all over again..Getting sick/10. Would throw up againside notehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/456590/"
,Recommended,282560,22386168,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Tesla,"I recommend this game because it is a game with great potential. I trust Atari and I trust that they will make a great game. It's in Early Access for a reason. It's in EA to help thes devs create a better game, to get better feedback via the Community Hub. I don't think this game deserves all the negative reviews from people who excpect a full game in Early Access. The coaster creation tool is a powerful one, but needs polishing. It could be a game-breaker."
,Recommended,282560,22302364,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,bgardner,so far so good
76561198002314223,Recommended,282560,24906347,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,danielfwls,"For an early access game it is what it is, improvements will be made im sure, no major issues for me. building in straight lines can be hard though and i prefered the old way of building coasters. just takes some adapting. overall its great"
,Recommended,282560,22899780,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mecroflux,"While the game is in early access, the dev team is very responsive at providing updates, and the game gets more playable each time.  This is not to say that the game is complete, far from it, but I feel that the dev team will power through.  The engine itself seems great from what I have played of it, and I hope for the best as the development continues."
76561198066415750,Recommended,282560,22988891,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DB_Gamer,"I love that game, but there are a lot of bugs that need to be solved!Here is what i noticed you can improve:- Days are passing too fast- When you close the park people would take months until the park is completely empty (!)- If you build a coaster, it won't delete trees and bushes, so you'll find missing supports- I can't select the Buildings and Scenario options to build Restaurants etc. (!)- Paths are really difficult to build when you are over the ground levelI hope someone from the game developers will see this list!Thank you for all the work you are doing for this fantastic game!DB"
,Recommended,282560,22903263,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Chironaila,"Built a circus, featuring a woman flying right across the screen.I was really unsure if I wanted to buy the game or not considering the high price (for an unfinished game) and all the negative reviews. My boredom and love for the RCT series got me to buy it anyway, and I honestly can't understand what all the complaints are about. The game works just fine for me, it's a bit slow when starting up a saved campaign, but nothing too troublesome. It was a bit confusing in the beginning, but it's a brand new game to learn as well, and it didn't take too long to understand how to build stuff. So far the only trouble I had with building is the roads, but use lots of space for now and you should be okay . The coaster builder is also a lot of fun, I enjoy building my own coaster a lot more now than I did in the older games. The guests have bugged out and stood still for a short while, but they started acting normal again soon. This has happened only once so far (after 5 hours) and wasn't really a huge problem for me because I could still build attractions and do whatever I wanted.One thing I miss from the older games is actually being able to throw around the janitors to sweep the paths, my paths are disgusting right now even with all the janitors patrolling. Right now you can't really control the park staff at all (unless I've missed something.) I'm assuming this will be added soon, along with bugfixes and more awesome features. It's still in early access so there's some things missing, but if you're a die-hard RCT fan I would reccommend testing it out. I'm not tired after 5 hours, there's still a lot for me to build, and so far I've only played the campaign mode. If you're an old fan or new to these games and not sure about buying it, maybe wait until release.I like this game as is much better than RCT3, so I'm sure it will be great when it's done."
,Recommended,282560,22272126,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Atlanical,"At first it didn't work for us (Load up) and so we bought a new Graphics card only a budget one (Gigabyte NVIDIA GeForce GT 610) however that worked like a charm, the gameplay was ok, however that's because the Windows Desktop is old and needs replacing but it's usable. So we recommend it, the only issue is our old PC."
,Recommended,282560,22156402,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,belwatch Farmskins.com,Amazing game! I love it! :D
76561198174474683,Recommended,282560,22621693,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,JERRY1322,I reccomend this game to everyone that wants a semi-real Roller Coaster sim game and I think this game is well worthy of being awesome in the future but the game does have some bugs beware
76561198072257266,Recommended,282560,22185854,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,jason4869,"After reading the comments on the page I was almost discouraged from buying the game!  Thank GOD you spoiled children did not change my decision.  The real tell was that most of these people had less than an hour of play time.  GET REAL!  Just because you don't know how to play the game (Controls) and skipped past the tutorial, does not mean its ""Awful"".  The poor developers and Atari need to continue posting updates each day to hold your hand through the process and have been nothing but understanding, even with all the discouraging posts.  Personally, I’d tell you all to ♥♥♥♥ off... but that’s why I'd never be a good CEO :)The Bad:- When the sun goes down, it lags the tiniest bit.  (NOT A BIG DEAL AT ALL, barely even noticeable besides the shadows moving)- Semi annoying, you cannot zoom in close to check out your Sims.The Good:- I was able to build rides- Attract Sims to my park- All the main, game changing, functionality works well- Tons of new features, which do work.- All of the bad has been acknowledged by Atari and they have taken ownership.  KudosPractice patience, be aware of your surroundings, play the campaign, and don’t be an idiot.. then you might just enjoy the game a bit.  :-0 (PS. Some of these are life skills, so take note)Also, if the specs of your computer suck - don't ♥♥♥♥♥.  Fix your POS or go get an xboxGod I wish I could give my self an upvote right now! :)"
76561198192027171,Recommended,282560,34444429,Posted: 23 August,all,minettornado,to be honest this is my 2nd favorite roller coaster tycoon game like as long as you can handle crashing alot on sandbox mode and some lag it's realy fun if you plan to do story mode you will get stuck on i think the 6th or 7th park but on story mode you dont crash as much as you do on sandbox and if im right if you have a good computer it souldnt crash alot
,Recommended,282560,22169348,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,canmichael2,"Good game, wish there was a way to reset the curves and stuff likr that in the coaster builder"
,Recommended,282560,22169794,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dan,"I'm getting a little bit fed up with seeing negative reviews from people who are either basing their views on the Beta, or are just saying ""Get Planet Coaster"". The game isn't perfect, heck it's not even finished (hence early access), but I've been hooked since it launched into Early Access. From the beta, Nvizzio and Atari have definitely improved features and I can confidently say that this is an addictive Rollercoaster Tycoon game, albeit glitchy, rough around the edges, and needing a few improvements. I truly believe this will be a great game once it's ready for ""final release"".The positives:- A great addition to the RollerCoaster Tycoon franchise, considering the fact that it's been passed to many different developres throughout it's development cycle.- Early Access. Atari/Nvizzio can see what we like, dislike, and improve it before final release.- Coaster builder is great fun, many improvements have been made since the beta.- The themes provided in-game are nice; I've enjoyed creating different ""zones"" in my park. Currently working on a Wild Western area as I type this.- Ride the rides, returning from RCT3.- Large variety of decorative pieces for the park, and 3 different maps.The negatives for me consist of:- Having to manually bulldoze trees/foliage to place buildings which is tempermental. Would prefer it if they were automatically removed.- Path tool can be very annoying at times.- Performance is rough - sometimes very smooth, othertimes the game will get sluggish.- Graphics are generally fine, although shadows seem to disappear at times which makes the game look poor.- Peeps will sometimes not animate and just slide about the park.To summarise... the game isn't finished. Remember that. RCTW has many positives, and definitely needs some work, but that doesn't stop it being a fun game. I would say to give it a try if you've enjoyed previous instalments but if you're unsure, then wait for the final release to make your decision as this is in early access.RCTW and PC will be great additions to the tycoon/simulation genre, and them both releasing at the same time is a good thing as it means they can both learn from each other and their communities."
76561198044110100,Recommended,282560,22186479,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,andremacfarlane,Played this for a couple of hours in sandbox mode to get the full use of what came out and its been oki expected alot more from it i know its still in the early stage but ended up walking away and thinking mehhopefully it gets alot better with updates coming out
,Recommended,282560,22192404,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Putin,waarom geen zwembad
76561198185305065,Recommended,282560,22212570,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Metrazi,"Could do with allowing you to delete multiple items, for example being able to highlight an area then deleting, like getting rid of those god damn trees and shrubs just so you can level the ground.Also the water tool charges you even if there isn't any water.I'm sure there will be more but it is an early access so these things will happen, a nice game to play."
76561198126902186,Recommended,282560,22227618,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jakejdt22,"Considering this is an alpha build it is pretty stable for the most part. I haven't encountered many crashes but the game has it's obvious bugs. The coaster builder was easy to use and didn't take much to master, but it also has work that needs to be done. The game has a while to go before a full release but definitely not disappointing for alpha."
76561198033859578,Recommended,282560,22169616,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kalbranai,"Look, don't necessarily believe all the negative reviews on this Early Access. Is this going to be a good game? Yes, absolutely. Is it ready to go right now? No. That's why it's early access.I grew up playing the original RC Tycoon games, and this is definitely going to be a worthy spiritual successor. The graphics are good for a simulation game, similar to Cities: Skylines, but not similar to GTA V, or Crysis 3 (it's about perspective here, it doesn't 'need' photo realism).RCT World needs some optimization work on the park guest animations, and so far, you can only build Junior, Family, and basic Thrill rides.  I'd definitely recommend waiting if you're looking for a finished product, but if you are wanting to see the development from now til release check this out."
76561198080846559,Recommended,282560,33708764,Posted: 21 July,all,drewtbrent,"Having played all the original RCT's I can say that this one is one I have mixed feelings about. Its many upgrades in terms of prop placement, ride placement and coaster building mechanics are highly overshadowed by the number of glitches that occur while using them. And while the new games balancing feels alot better the intricacies of how to navigate park popularity are never explained in depth in the far too extensive tutuorial (which is, unfortunately not optional even for experienced players). Overall the game is by far the most beautiful one yet with all updated graphics from the expressions on peeps faces down to the intentionally arked camera angles to show off the games skillfully drawn artwork. While this game definately still feels like 'early access' material I would rate this game 6 of 10 with potential to bring that score up several points upon release.Suggestions to devs:-make a temporary auto save feature for early access while the game crashing bugs are being ironed out-get rid of artwork clipping on pathways and rides-explain how important popularity of your park is in the tutorial-additional land sculpting tools and paints would be appreciated and an option to choose how quickly the tools work-get rid of booths attraction to pathway intersections (its annoying when you're trying to save on space)-allow plazas to integrate with existing pathways-make it easier to add additional cars to rollercoasters"
,Not Recommended,282560,18779508,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kaneit,"Highly do not recommend this game.you can't build anything with spline track building. you cannot do peice by peice anymore.Atari should have stuck with frontier and keeping to the same based system they used for RCT3.R.I.P RCT.all i have to say. Roller coasters have Brakes, and block brakes and lim launches and chain lifts etc, but since when does block brakes look like Transport tires that go through the track that also stay static?the building of coasters need to have Piece-by-Piece. because within the length of the peice you've placed how are you supposed to change a little bit of track if you've removed the entire peice by peice.my eyes will now stay on RCT3. this is no dig at the developers, but we all know that mattlab has a great interest with theme parks and the rct franchise, but since roller coaster tycoon world. its gone down hill. you are missing all of the theme park and roller coaster aspects.RCTW is done hill from here. i'm sticking with RCT3, NoLimits, NoLimits2, Planet Coaster."
,Not Recommended,282560,25251785,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,fkubrick,Poor game. Don't buy it.
,Recommended,282560,22278858,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,☭ Missions,"I know that Atari is working as hard as they can to make a great game. It's funny how peopel take so much anger towards an early access Game lol.... >_> I know that Planet Coaster is kicking ♥♥♥ an I'm very happy that Frontier is making an Roller Coaster Game, That is great! Who knows how much money I had spend on both games but hey ""Thats Life""... ""Atair"" Plz don't Rush on this game at all, This is no race at all. I want to see a fair competition between the two companies. Everyones needs to chill the ""TRUCK"" out on how ""Smitty"" this game is. Just Grows some balls or ♥♥♥♥♥♥s an realx. This game will grow an who gives a ♥♥♥♥ on how long Atari takes to complete this game.An for the popele with ADHD Sorry for my Poor ♥♥♥ english I can care less on that.Thats why we have Google to help us out.Thank you for wasting 9-15 Seconds of your life reading my post. It means alot. <3"
76561197981328010,Recommended,282560,22275733,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bajcz,IT IS FUN AND GOOD FOR A ERLY ACCSESS BUT SOME MINOR BUGS
76561198005577334,Recommended,282560,31895034,Posted: 21 May,all,AgentVolks,"So first off i want to say this game is really fun and i reccomend it for that and if you loved the old games it is worth the struggle of the problems and crashing. So yes crashing can get to your nerves and you ask your self why havent they fixed this yet? And i really dont understand why it has not but anyways, How do i get the game not to crash, 1st never save a game without pauseing the the game because it will try to load everything at once then the game crashes and then you will have to hit the spacebar as soon as the park loads wait till everything loads in then click the space to play then hit pause again right away and you will see all the guests appear then pause and un pause a few cycles like that then it wont crash sometimes. This trick will not always work and you will need a new park :(. Also NEVER EVER do too many actions at once like placeing a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of trees by mass clicking or benches/trashcans  it will crash and dye. if you can get your self to do these tricks it works ok but save! save! save! and SAVE AGAIN it is a time bomb the crashes and ive played a good bit nothing happend then next time i load up the game it will crash at some point.SO why did i buy this game with all the bad reviews?So I read allot of the revews before buying this game and dident want to pay 40$+ CAD for a game that might actually be broken then i saw it dropped to 19$ CAD and said why the hell not i love RCT and il give it a shot for 20$ no big deal and im in a way glad i did because it is fun and yes some stuff dont work and it can crash but the coaster building tool is great the way they have the park tools set up it is easy and fun to use so i say if you have patints,  buy it, But if it crashes once and you rage quit dont buy it because it will crash on you dont be fooled i dident buy it thinking it wouldent crash you have been warned by meny reviews."
,Recommended,282560,25388227,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dominatr109|SR,This game is great some people think its bad proformance is average i did not get paid to say its good
76561198348042743,Recommended,282560,28176298,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jeremyhenson101,i love playing this game. butt the glitching needs to be fixed badly
,Recommended,282560,22155804,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,StelingDK,Great game so far 7/10
,Recommended,282560,22184321,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Corsair,This game is fun but it needs some pools plz update
76561198126313660,Recommended,282560,22168601,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SinisterZed,"Yes, it has its glitches, yes the game itself is very frustrating, I guess, but it IS an early access, but that is no excuse. I honestly think that the developers released the game for 2 reasons. One, they did it to shut up the community. Two, and what I think is the main reason, is that they released it to get more money to fix the game up. Overall, yes, its crap right now, but we have been waiting 11 years, or 12 if you want to do it by the year itself(and to make them feel bad)"
,Recommended,282560,22246103,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,RE_Stringer,I have played the game for a couple of hours now.. i find it quite fun.. as soon as they get some of the bugs fixed and the lag straight around and the pathing working done it will be a good game dont get me wrong there are some other bugs too. For everyone who can read the game is not fulling done yet but no one ever takes that into play..
,Not Recommended,282560,18780153,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Zerenade,"I expected more of this game since its says "" beta "" and its a month to release, and what we get is a coaster editor for 46 euro a month before release, and even the editor barerly works. Maybe we get roads on the release date? lmao"
,Not Recommended,282560,22749331,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Google Chrom,This game costs 50 bucks. I want my refund now.
,Not Recommended,282560,23174948,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Heartbutt,"It is so bad, im dead"
76561198004176599,Recommended,282560,22163005,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SAS ASH,"Great core game and small bugs to fix, overall for early access this game is great and will be fantastic once final release comes. The early bad reviews make me think you should have to be over 18 to review as children have undeveloped brains. Thus with the power to influence others the developers will suffer leading to the end of other games projects in this very void area of the industry."
76561198046666208,Recommended,282560,22290524,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Phantombit,If you liked Rollercoaster Tycoons in the Past this one works great as a major upgrade.
76561198354065567,Recommended,282560,33977925,Posted: 2 August,all,bindusboyz,This Is a very fun game if your computer can't run Planet Coaster if your computer can i recommend Planet coaster but this game was worth it dont listen to the bad reviews they never put time into the game
76561198015667422,Recommended,282560,29026665,Posted: 4 January,all,DarthAce13,Brings back all the fun of building the death-coasters I built back when i was playing the Orginal RCT
,Recommended,282560,22250038,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,primedead,The free forming tool in the beta weekend was much better but I like the game overal
76561198085255692,Recommended,282560,23885685,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[A]ce ♠f Spades,"awesome game, but too much bug"
76561197982565563,Recommended,282560,22185116,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Future Hendrix,"There are so bugs being early acess, but you can really customize your park."
,Recommended,282560,28693737,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,1337Brian,"Ok, so I've had some time with the game and overall I would say it's pretty good. There are a ton of random crashes for no reason which is a big pain, but the game IS RCT which is cool."
,Recommended,282560,28197379,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DownScale,Wait this isn't Early Access still? ....
,Recommended,282560,33245812,Posted: 4 July,all,Lord X51,"Lots of fun, possibly ignore the troll negative reviews. I've played every RCT game and this one is a fine addition IMO. I waited due to the negative reviews, bought it on sale finally and am happy. I have never seen it crash and its completely addicting like the other ones. In addition, the new UI is a welcome change and easy to use, and there are some game mechnic improvements, such as the click and drag path making. So far so good, really like it and for the price on sale you cannot go wrong if you're a fan, IMO."
,Recommended,282560,22857244,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,fifsa,"I've only played a few hours so far of the early access releases.Unfortunately this game is getting a lot of hate, which I can't see. I'm 5 years into a campaign, and I am loving it so far.Here's what I can say:Pros:- Very smooth- New coaster builder is amazing, some small bugs here and there but overall it is something else. (Better than Planet Coaster imo).- Paths & Queues have good variety, and are very customisable.- Peeps are legitimate & consistent reactions to parks & rides.- Campaign mode is challenging, much better than RCT3's campaign.- Sandbox mode works well & gets people (like my little sister) who have never played a game like this, used to the system.Cons:- Peeps bug out a lot! Sometimes I zoom into an empty area and peeps will spawn & de-spawn randomly- Coaster builder is slightly buggy (glitches a bit)- Camera controls are difficult to get used to. It is a struggle to move the camera in a certain way at times.- ""Snap"" doesnt work on some objects. Sometimes I can snap a food stand to a path but not a small service booth (about the same size, nothing around).- Path making is difficult, sometimes you cant connect a path to another path, even if it is clear you could.Overall, great game! I'm glad the game was delayed, because the beta was horrid. Even though the wait was terrible for me (pre ordered December 24), it's a great game, which defeats the wait.Good job, Atari, Nvizzio, and other developers!"
76561197995968888,Recommended,282560,22277520,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,mr.mvieira,any one else having problems passing senarieo 3 i cane get the $35 proffet from each peep
76561198067697398,Recommended,282560,25424702,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Gehenna,"I thoroughly enjoy the game. There are a few things to be worked on, but what can you expect for an early release. Can't wait to see what's in store for the future."
76561198111246657,Recommended,282560,22281900,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bobby Chang,"I love the game, and so do others. But some don't, and I will explain why. When people bought this game, they were exited as a jolly bee. But! There was so many bugs you can't even explain it.... But as you give it a go for a long long time. It starts to be really enjoyable. As im typing today, RTC world is updating. And its a big one, as it said on the update page. Theres gonna be loads and loads of bugs fixed. They listened to what people wanted in the game so they added it. The only thing I want added is, rollercoasters can go through a mountain or hill and can also go underground.Thats all of me. Best wishes, Bobby Chang."
,Recommended,282560,22255484,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Super Grill,"this game is fun but keep in mind it is early access, sooo you might want to wait until it is finish. The game have some frustrating issues with the placement of the objects ( do not recommend this game if you have OCD ) and issues with the camera, everything else is kind of funny and nicely done.You will have fun but do not expect a perfect game."
,Recommended,282560,22218485,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ahlbin1983,i dont get it why people is saying RollerCoaster Tycoon World is crap when it says it is in Early Access ofcuse it will get improved but if people is not rekommended this game and vote down then people will not find the bugs and can help out.i have played alot of this RollerCoaster Tycoon and i see that it will be a good game in the end...i have reported one bug atleast i have seen i have streamed it to :)
76561198059295301,Recommended,282560,22893944,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Surviva777,"Rollercoaster Tycoon World is a really good game. It's all about ones imagination and creativity constructing theme parks and rollercoasters! Build rollercoasters, scenary, food stalls and much more! You can even make track pieces when building coasters in any angle you like! (Couldn't do this in RCT3!) In future, Rollercoaster Tycoon World will only get bigger and better with more and more updates with future water slides, pools and water coasters to come!I really liked playing this game but everytime a massive update happens. can't play the game anymore which sucks but still, really worth the money if you have a CPU that had a good graphics card.10/10Game Rating: G (General)Catagory: Construction"
,Recommended,282560,29467245,Posted: 24 January,all,NoBlackThunder,You get a good game for a very cheap price! So i am finaly done testing some more of this game. and i cant say anything bad about it . I like it ! It has also good performance and seems to be very well made with a high quality standard ( thinking of this was made in unity that is in general not the best engine to use this game is suprisingly well made. I cant personally anything bad to say and i also fell that the game does not deserve the bad reviews it has at all
76561198006640344,Recommended,282560,28245220,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Medieval Peanut,"First, inevitably you have to compare RollerCoaster Tycoon World to Planet Coaster.  They are the same but different.  I bought this game in Early Access and it was on a good start, however, Planet Coaster snuck up and released before this game was done which pushed this game out before it was ready.I recommend this game because the ride physics and mechanics for coasters is pretty intricate and gives the feel that if your coaster works here the design would work in real life.  They do the coaster aspect very well, in fact I like the realism with that in this game more than Planet Coaster.  Where the game feels like it was rushed out to ""live"" is that there's very little outside coasters in variety, more will likely be released in the months post-release but that's what reinforces the rush to release.  It's also missing elements that they included in Planet Coaster, even if its unpolished and a little clunky like water rides (log/rapids) which are missing from this game.While people might recommend Planet Coaster over this game, it has its own short comings as a result of releasing before it was done too and some of the features (like ride analysis) were thrown on after seeing it in this gamee.  The end result is that they both do things well that the other doesn't and in the next 6 months both will be more comparable to one another and in the mean time they are both good for the differences mentioned.Note: I own both and I am satisfied with both purchases for the main reasons above (coaster building in RCTW and log/rapid rides in PC)."
,Not Recommended,282560,22812147,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,omegaPe,Do not buy this laggy and ugly game
,Recommended,282560,26462864,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,A Blazed Doggo,"I will give my honest oppinion of this game. I first purchased this game in October of 2015. The beta halloween weekend sucked really bad, after many improvments and updates they opened for early acess. This gave me enough time to really work with this game. After months of playing this game I have concluded many problems. Though it is ending its early access phase and moving to the public it has been a rollercoaster of issues I have faced as a player no pun intended. The peeps are my biggest problem. They are complicated as hell and can't make up their minds. They are always hungry for one. I have put so many food stalls up  so many food courts it might as well be a food park! Flipping Food Tycoon. They are too indecisive as  Ipointed out earlier. Either a ride is not intense enough or too intense.The Roller coaster builder I enjoyed, the piece by piece not the new way. Brought back classic RCT memories. Although the score system I have a problem with. I ,make more realistic style roller coasters. meaning heights of 150-200ft. Well placed loops or hills, turns etc. how is that ultra intense? We ride coasters that high and they are not ultra intense. The peeps are so picky when it comes to roller coasters. I have to make some roller coasters 50ft-70ft high in order for them to atually want to ride them.The piece-by-piece is pretty good and I enjoyed it! The scenery and paths are easy to use. I enjoyed so much of tha portion of the game.The staff are just lazy, the janitiors do their job. The mechanics don't to crap. I have to literally pick them up and throw them at the ride tha is broken down.I will not include the bugs/glitches in the game as it is early access.I'm certain that many of you have purchased thi game out of nostalgia, that we loved what Atari has done. However, with this version of RCT I am pretty upset. I have played RCT since the first one, loved them! I love the realism they tried to put in the game, the sounds of the coasters and blur effects with was cool. They have heavy compitition with Planet Coaster, in which I purchased and await to play. They are trying. But even after a year it seem the game is going backwards. I will play more of this game to se if any changes are made. As I do not want to give up on them just yet and know it is frustrating.As far as my review goes I do reccomend this game to anyone who jsut enjoys making coasters and really awesome parks! Letting their creativity soar. I DO NOT reccomend to any major RCT fans due to the rapid decrease of expectation we expected of the game."
76561198299097719,Recommended,282560,22872271,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,malyfreund,I REALLY REALLY LOVE THIS GAME I THINK EVERYBODY SHOULD TRY THIS AWESOME GAME.
76561198010754458,Recommended,282560,28181730,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,gabbs,I have now played this for TWO Hours and it is performing ok. The negative reviews need to be updated. Most of the Bugs listed seem to have been fixed. Planet Coaster sor me did not work so had to buy this one!
76561198202926648,Recommended,282560,22274820,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Noctis,Gr8 game
76561198124880946,Recommended,282560,22162250,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,batchiej,All the negative reviews compare it to planet coaster and this is not fair. THE GAME HAS NOT FULLY RELEASED WHICH IS WHY THERE ARE PROBLEMS. Its in early access so they can highlight any problems and make the better for the full release. If you come here looking for a complete game then go away because its not a complete game because its in EARLY ACCESS! The coaster builder is amazing and the best I have ever used however it does have its issues such a placing scenery (paths on several ocassions) but that it what early access is for. Finding problems. I dont know why people are having problems with performance. I am running a i5 with geforce gtx 950m at 60fps constant!
,Recommended,282560,22862631,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,CoolTNGuy,Love It!   Great Start .. Keep it coming.
76561198114308930,Recommended,282560,26400813,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,regnorts,"Still some bugs to be fixed. The coaster builder works pretty good. Peice by piece building in the coaster builder works similar to RCT3. Bugs that existed in the past seem be getting resolved. Overall, the game is fun to play."
76561198304722689,Recommended,282560,22906544,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Skinny-j,"Why cant this game get past 57% because every time I wanna play it, it gets to 57% then it Freezes and says that there is a problem. WHAT THE HECK!!!!"
,Recommended,282560,26362024,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,nickjones72,"I purchased Early Access to RCTW and not been able to play it properly since. Worked great at first but then a week later i go to play my previous save but just crashed and now it will not load at all and keeps saying there is an error with (Rollercoaster Tycoon World has stopped working) and just shuts down. I have uninstalled and re-installed on numerous occasions but nothing, what am i supposed to do, any help would be greatly appreciated ???"
,Recommended,282560,29950211,Posted: 15 February,all,DigDeepGamer,Awesome game stop calling it bad!
76561198032391853,Recommended,282560,28235664,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Haversack,"Ever since this game came out many years ago, with the three add-ons, I have enjoyed playing the game. This new version is a bit different from the first. The peeps all walk down the middle of any path in this new one, before they walked random as people do. I still have the refresh problem as I do from the first RCT game. I have updated my computers memory to it's  full and still have this jerking, the more I add to my parks the slower it becomes and jerks. To compair this to the new Planet Coaster, I like this the best. By the way, the old RCT you could change the music at each ride, this one you can not, nor on Planet Coaster. These are some bugs that should be taken care of so the game is more enjoyible."
76561198040024431,Recommended,282560,28658824,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Caprisun29,No wonder the game got bad reviews cause others don't know how to make cool mods or new realistic buildings and rollercoasters but I will still pay it no matter what.
,Recommended,282560,26723067,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,sikari,"The game honestly isn't that bad as 95% of the reviews are saying. At first I was a little turned off due to just how much different the game is from what I remember, mind you I played mostly RCT 1 and 2, but after spending some time on the tutorials and getting the feel for the game I'm actually pretty happy. Finally the game is going in a direction where you can have the full amount of customization that you want. The ability to design a roller coaster perfectly almost as if you're actually engineering it is astonishing and everything that I could of hoped for in a game like this. There are a few problems with the game sure, though I haven't experienced the performance issues, but it takes time to work those kinks out. The 3D modeling situation could be changed in the future looking at the success it's getting from Planet Coaster. All in all take what you read with a grain of salt because in the end the only thing that matters is if it brings YOU joy."
,Recommended,282560,27744584,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JUST CAUSE 3 ROCKS,like no man's sky. before updates BEELLCCHH. after updates meh. its heading in the right direction.
,Recommended,282560,31090217,Posted: 11 April,all,Loko312,"I Think this game is cool, but could need some improvement such as adding new features."
76561198086584134,Recommended,282560,26635357,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,cornholio161,"The new update of this game now it better than the old look.Good thing that it won't slow down fps and crash.Story mode is way cool and so many unlock items in this game.Not to say this, But I'll enjoy RCT World until I get a new PC to play Planet Coaster due to the Running then end up saying Syncing and go off.Now it become a good Atari Game."
76561198015437462,Recommended,282560,26634061,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,justinsvocals,Okay so I have had this game since early access and I had a hard time playing this game running on an alienware.Now that it is out of early acess I will say it is a must buy.It took me an hour to load the game up and get into a map prior to this update.The new update im loaded in 8 minutes or less the game doesnt lag on the highest settings every now and then there is a little stutter but its my fault running background programs.The reviews are negative because of the early acess was not playable now it is so go buy it and give it a try.
76561198160972058,Recommended,282560,26635078,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,+TheRedBaron097+,"Got to say pretty impressed with the final release product, don't listen to the critics on here, they don't understand the Early Access system, they were dissing a rather rough and unfinished product, this latest addition has finally secured my loyalty to the RCT brand, ive been with it since the day the original came out and plan to be when RCT: Universe is released."
76561197972039165,Recommended,282560,26636965,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Penny Lee,"I like RCTW for what is has and hope will have in the future, its good to have more than one dev make a Funfair game, bit like AMD and Intel, keeps both parties on there toes.My have parts of this sim is the selection of rides, shops and coasters.  They are nice to look at and a great selection, there are loads and I mean loads of other park items that themes your rides.  Another smart feature is the heat map, lets you see what is what at a glance.  All the models are well built and bring there own style to the sim.  RCTW makes you think as its not easy to make money as the rides/gate prices are low and has high running costs.  The menus work well and its easy to find items but would like to be able to change its colour, grey is boring.They still have much work to do on this sim, the rides have no real music sounds other than the generic selection so the entire park is only filled with basic sounds.  The animations are well below par with the peeps, very simple and not very fluiid at all.  Talking of the peeps, if you watch a section of a street for a few mins you will see the same peeps generated 3 or 4 times in that section, another thing that needs more work is the peep generation, to many are the same.  If PC can make 5000 peeps on the map and not 2 will be the same I am sure these devs can.If anyone is to blame for this release then it has to be the main lead developer of this sim as it looks like there are many talented artists, devs and programmers in this camp, shame the manegment has let them all down.  All they had to do was play RCT3 for a few hundred hours to see how it was meant to work, not that hard at all.Interface 9/10Modals 10/10Amination 3/10Sound 4/10Pathing/Terrain  1/10Coaster building 9/10overall feel 6/10Value for money 7/10"
76561197997946695,Recommended,282560,31312492,Posted: 22 April,all,Riga Dillinger,This game is perfectly FINE! The graphics are the issue that most folks are angry about! You DO need a GREAT video card for this game! I am using a R9 290x and the game is FINE! I actually like it...there is a learn curve but its not bad! So if you own this get a good video card and play it!  I like it better than Coaster Planet so far.
,Recommended,282560,26666119,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Watersurf,"Alright, I've backed this game since the very beginning. Yes, the game isn't as great as planet coaster. Yes, the game has some issues, should you give this negative reviews? No. I think the game is decent enough to stand on it's own and I believe it is worth the 35 dollars (not the 60 I paid for it). Would I recommend this game to a friend or fellow steam user. Yes, absolutely! Now before you say, wow what the hell and shoot me down. Hear me out. This game seems to be heavily based on tycooning and theming. If you are into more of that aspect, get this game. If not, go with planet coaster. If you enjoy both, I would say pick this up. This game is't the sequel most fans looked foward too but it's a decent enough sequel in terms of the other ones we got... (RCT4Mobile and RTC 3DS). If you are a fan of the series, get it but if you just wanna build coasters and such, go with the other one. Overall, I think the game needs a little more improvement and with more work could be the game we all hoped and dreamed. Basically (and this works for every game you are looking forward too), don't over hype yourself. Expect the bare minimum from a game and it will exceed your expectations (at least in my opinion). Right now, I would rate this game a 3.5/5. It's a decent sequel but doesn't stand up to the original three."
76561198013580152,Recommended,282560,26669541,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Aexra,The game is fine and can hold up on its own.Beware that you don't get drawn in by the negativity and critiques this game got in early acces and the Planet Coaster hype. You know how things go on the interwebs when something gets started and people follow like sheep.
76561198186717841,Recommended,282560,28515973,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DaPrez123,"Ok, so the game isn't perfect, but it is a really good game. There are too many PC fanboys that thought that this game is really bad. The game still works, and it is a working game. It works well, and, to me, it feels like the other RCT games. i recommend this game to anyone gthat is not a PC fanboy."
76561198033217975,Recommended,282560,22147581,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,arrabis,why? where is game now says nothing instead of 1 hr
76561198123371374,Not Recommended,282560,18841003,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,jgarabrandt,"Have not been able to load the beta, keeps crashing"
,Recommended,282560,18779161,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Red,Great Game :3
76561198296324691,Recommended,282560,26607318,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,johnhodgson91,is no working on my steam now took it all off and be on again anyone help
76561198256272312,Recommended,282560,22627370,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,RoyThaBeast,"the game is getting better, so i hope the makers keep making updates with new items and bug fixes. because it would be a shame if they stop making updates and leave the game unfinished as it is now."
,Not Recommended,282560,18783006,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,CAPP360,"Dang, I can't even get past the loading screen without it crashing!*Edit*Updated to a much deserved thumbs down. Requested a refund and Steam granted it! I was hoping that this game was going to be great, what a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,282560,22156334,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,scruffitude,"*UPDATED REVIEW*I really can't believe I defended this game. I requested a refund after the 10th crash, which completely froze my computer. Over 2 hours playtime but here's hoping..."
76561198069825771,Recommended,282560,22150390,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,rossw3020,"I give this early access build a solid 8/10. Sure there are some things that need some more work but overall the first couple hours have been amazing!!!It is eerily similar to Cities Skylines which is my current go-to game. If you like cities skylines and you love roller coasters, this game is for you.Please devs and future modders, keep supporting this game.update: game keeps crashing. Not cool. Downvote!update 2: update works like a charm... awesome!"
,Not Recommended,282560,18782149,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Alfie Rubuncle,"The Death Of Rollercoaster Tycoon------------------------------------------------------This game is awfull, the UI is not very clear compared to what it was on RCT3. There is no way to confgure controlls or even see them ingame, I had to use a guide to do so. The ""variety"" of rides is awefull as well are the amount of themes. Sad to say i would not even call this a proper rollercoaster tycoon.They still havnt fixed some bugs such as the mouse freezing in the middle of the screen, the devolopers said they had made a lot of progress since the Beta. I'd say they have made none what so ever.Very disapointed in this game, I had even bought the deluxe edition as I was so very excited, and have been let down so so much.RCT3 Was better, buy that. Gonna try out Planet coaster as thats made by the previous devs.---- OLD REVIEW BELOW --Not bad, good physics and decent graphics. Not much more i can say this early on but I like it.Hope there are scenarios soon though"
,Not Recommended,282560,22151391,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Gscream13,"Very dissapointed.. I personally wish they would go back to when you could place paths one at a time. It is nearly impossible to make decent paths, or anything decent for that matter. I am anxious to see if they listen to the reviews and change the game for the better."
,Not Recommended,282560,22151428,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,jakealexandermurray93,"I have to say today is a very sad day for me, I've never been so excited to wait for a game until Rollercoaster Tycoon World announced it was in progress.  I was even more surprised to hear there were 24 hours until the Early Access was going to be released, so I got so excited thinking about my memories with the Rollercoaster Tycoon Saga, and I was filled with ideas on how I could execute the perfect theme park, I always found RCT3 to be one of the best versions of the game, so what could have been released next could have been one of the best games.I installed RCT World, and it took more or less an hour, and it was about 1 Gigabyte, so even though there were warnings on the glitches and how it wasn't going to be the full version until they do the performance fixes, I was going to be prepared for absolutely anything, this was going to be fantastic (or so I thought...)The loading was quite slow, but I put it down to it setting up for the first time, so that wasn't a problem, it took about 20 minutes to get up and running, and when it did, I decided to use one of my favorite features, the sandbox. I noticed it was loading again for quite some time, whereas the RCT3 took about 5 minutes from start to the actual sandbox program.Anyhoo, after the waiting, I got into the sandbox mode, and I was tempted to see what the camera was like in the rides, so I made a thrill ride, and boom. Crashed.The loading came up again, and just as long, so I thought, maybe I had an additional program up and running, like Skype, but nope, before I started to load up RCT World, I defragged, I cleaned up the computer, I organized my files so it would be simple for Steam to load up the program.When I finally got through to the sandbox mode, I saw there were roller coasters I could use or the coaster builder, so I decided on using the coaster builder as that was one of my favorite things to do, I wanted to try and copy the Dragon Khan ride in Salou, one of my top rides I've been on. So I started with the station, and I noticed instantly the size of the station was massive compared to the entrance, but that could be forgiven, so I went on and build the chain lift.No.  Just no. Why could you not just have kept RCT3's version of the coaster builder, when it was nice and simple, but instead, you got something that meant we had to do it individually?  I've tried the different methods of doing it and it really didn't make it easier.I really wanted to like this so bad, but unfortunately, I got bored very quickly whereas the RCT3, I spent hours, if not days on that, actually let me check how many hours I've played RCT3...at least 305 hours, this was on steam only, I had the game and downloaded it twice on two different computers....whereas with the new version, I can't get around it.Unfortunately, I'm going to go for a refund, this is not to discourage anyone else to play it, you might find it is better than the RCT3, but it really isn't for me.I'm not going to get planet coaster, I want to see how well it fares, but for now, it's not on my wishlist.Urgh...where's the ice cream when you need it :("
,Not Recommended,282560,18780240,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,NA,"Well, I gave it another chance with the Early Access Release. The developers took the okay ""Alpha"" phase concept of RCTW and took a ginormous dump on it. Not sure why, but they did :/"
,Not Recommended,282560,18797226,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ne,"REMEMBER: THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE BETA, NOT THE FINAL PRODUCTI will start of with this. If you have a beefy PC (i5, R9 200/GTX 900, 8GB DDR3) you will have little lag. I have a 290, 3770K, and 12GB RAM. Yes I am below minimum requirements, but it works at 1080p60. However, once I add two or three coasters to a park, it begins to lag out.Pros:Very funPowerful spline system like NoLimits 2Glorious 4K texturesPaintTrack looks fairly realisticCons:Very demanding, even for a betaSome cartoonish relicCoaster cam and builder need some polishing, they are extremely glitchyCoasters will randomly fall off track for no apparent reasonEverything else is good, many disabled features.UPDATE:Due to the alpha release of Planet Coaster being a far superior game even in earlier stages, I will be purchasing that game. Also, because RCTW has not changed much since beta (other than the coasters not being glitchy), I am very disappointed that this is how the game has turned out. All of the pros have been outshined by the spiritual successor, and while RCTW isn't a truly horrible game, I do believe that there is no longer a reason to purchase it since Planet Coaster has wiped it off the table. It saddens me that I spent $75 on this game instead of waiting 5 months and spending $75 towards Frontier's version, but what happened has happened, and it is not for the better. I am still only able to run it. STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME"
76561198212650255,Not Recommended,282560,22217790,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ryste,"When i saw that this game was available i freaked out. I loved rct3 so i was like f*ck yea a new rct game.. looked cool at first . i built a wooden coaster wich was pretty cool , the new coaster building system looked cool .. after that i wanted to make a large diving coaster , and noticed that if you build a really large coaster , the game will just crash. over and over."
76561198184542890,Not Recommended,282560,22326414,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,nolanjoe92,in the begginning i thought they would turn this around but the perfrormance of the game is awfull once you build a big park with lots of scenery it crushes your computer even on a high end gputhe textures and animations are very poorI have scince bought planet c and it just showed me what rct is meant to bethis game is years behind and that is only on its 1st stage of alphathis game really isnt worth your money i still prefer rct 1/2/3 over this gamei dont believe this can be turned around as it just doesnt look like a current gen gameand definitely doesnt perform like one so poorly optimized
,Not Recommended,282560,22155136,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TechInfinity,"Loads of bugs and very poor texture quality! If you zoom in, you'll see the texture blurring out, not much attention given to detail.I have no idea what they did with the game for more than a year!"
,Not Recommended,282560,18811802,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MG141,"Still alot of work to be done, park lags when too many peeps and coasters exist, making it unplayable."
,Not Recommended,282560,18786775,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DestinysPowerOfStupidity,"This game is absolutely horrendous. All they're in for is the money this game is making. They don't care about the community, they don't care how the game runs. You're better off buying the competator game Planet Coaster cause boy, at least their game is optimized and they ACTUALLY LISTEN TO THEIR COMMUNITY!"
76561197972831952,Not Recommended,282560,22918466,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,EVILCUBE,"DON'T BUY THIS (I wnat my MONEY BACK!!!!!) BUY PLANET COASTER!!!!I preordered the deluxe Version and  was very dissapointed after the release Probs...My first review was after some hours gametime:""NO NO NO! RCT Just the Name  but not the Game! Don't buy it!""NOW: the Game runs relativ stabil and makes fun to play!Still some game crashes with bigger parks (just save all 5 min ;(BUT IT'S STILL NOT RCT! And just for the Name too expensiveI playerd RCT1-3 with all addons and still missing too much!!!!A alternate game is Planet Coaster (Frontier (Dev.-Team of RCT3))BUT RCTW STILL MISSING:-TRANSPORTRIDES (Monorail/Railway...) , GHOSTTRAIN (build: walls,Doors , action sequences), WATERRIDES (Log / Super Splash / Rafting / Rubber Dinghy / Boat/ pedal boat/ canoe)-turn on/off display (Attraction/Peeps/Trees/Rollercoaster/-pillar/Underground/Objects) via button F1 F2 F3 etc (it will also bring better Perfomence with more options disabled;)-build underground / tunnel-build waterfall-change colour of all attractions-build light on Rollercoaster railparts-more scenery possibilities than 3 (only 3!? Sci-FI/Adventure/Western)Whats with Horror, Fairy Tale, City-Style, Dinosaus, Pirates, (SNOW;) (ok there is the Workshop and Com.-hub but these are no real Scenery options for marketing etc..-more economic options (ice-Cola/salt-pommes/ketchup-burger/.......-and more...Still missing so much points out of RTC1-3!!!!"
,Not Recommended,282560,18829572,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KnoxVegas,"I did say this game was good before but that's complete bs.  The old review has been removed and now there is all this.  All the lies and bs in their forums have been beyond a joke.  This game and the developer has promised so much for this community and has let them all down so hard.  This is not a game you want to buy, GO buy PC (Planet Coaster).  PC is in every way so much better than this game.  Sorry to say but I have played this as much as my heart could take it and its not worth it anymore. There are only a small things that are okay in this game.  But there is just so much more that is wrong with it.  The placement, paths, scenery, rides and other things are just not that great to place or even work with.  If you go look at PC then you will see the level of detail you can add into the game and how you can make all types of items work with the game.  This RCTW is not anything what PC is like.  PC is the new RCTW or RCT6, 5 whatever you wanna call it.  I would get your money back before you even buy this trash of a game."
,Not Recommended,282560,18782951,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,AngryGamer432,"I am generally upset but I have been waiting and I know that they have been trying to make this good and this is a beta, so I really can't blame them.EDIT: I have given them since it was released on Early Access to fix this and yet much hasn't changed. I'm moving to Coaster Planet."
76561198088041869,Not Recommended,282560,25083757,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,DisneyChris,"A lot of people have been saying this game is not worth it becauase it sucks, so I wasn't sure whether to get this game or not. I think it could be less expensive because it's not the best game. I finally got it after waiting for months and months and I was super excited. Everything worked fine. The path system worked suprisingly well too. The game is just a bit laggy. There are a few things I don't like about this game. One is that the park I have been working on for 2 days won't load so I have to make a new park it's really frustrating. Another thing is the putting water into a lake. It took 15 minutes to fill a lake to the top with water. I would have given it a thumbs down, but overall the game is fun and realistic.UPDATEAfter playing this game for a while I have started to dislike it. These are just a few of the many problems with this game...- Staff not fixing rides.- The majority of guests ride kiddie rides and usually rollercoaster never have a line.- Putting up fences is very hard and takes a lot of time.- I cannot build my rollercoaster and test at the same time.- Its very hard to build a custom loop and when I do build on it is way too round.- No catwalk on the chainlift for flying and inverted coasters.Thats all I can think of. Waiting for Christmas to get Planet Coaster :)"
76561197980745911,Recommended,282560,22152070,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Frozen_Thumbs,"Many changes over the short alpha have improved the game. I hope they don't ditch it all together. It could be as good as Planet Coaster if they concentrated on core issues. As it is now, it feels like it was released in a rush to get it out and wash their hands of it. I give it a thumbs up for the attempt. Its not total garbage. It is enjoyable."
76561198090187777,Not Recommended,282560,22155072,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,AdaptableSniper,"no, just no. just trash the game, or sell it to another company. wish i could get my money back"
76561198274731877,Not Recommended,282560,22439623,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,RollerCoasterFan94,"This game is extremely dissapointing! Whenever I play it on Windows 10, it slows down, keeps on getting bugs and lags too much. However, I still love RCT1, RCT2 and RCT3, because they are much better. So I would highly reccomand Atari to fix the game by removing the lags and bugs in there, so the game can bee smooth and fast. I would also like that game to not only be on windows 7, but i would also like it to be operating on Windows 10 and another update for it to stop lagging too much. Planet Coaster is way Better! So, Get Planet Coaster Instead of RCTW."
76561198041456493,Not Recommended,282560,22153715,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Borjas,"Now that Planet Coaster came out, the verdict is clear and I have to give it a thumbs-down. I agree with Metacritic's score on this one."
76561198238529010,Not Recommended,282560,22153480,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,RabidRaccoon,"Putting all the bugs/other issues aside, I am thoroughly enjoying my experience with the game.Pros:The coaster editor is great, combining past game features with new.Most of the flat rides are pretty good looking and new.Most of the scenery looks good.Graphics are decent.Cons:Tons and tons of bugs.Peeps do not look good. (Animations as well)Some sounds are weird and awkward.The game definitely needs some work and will hopefully become better as time goes on.Edit: This game is not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,282560,22153724,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Slumpdog,"This game is so bad! Do NOT buy this game, it is worse then No Mans Sky. I liked RollerCoaster Tycoon Worlds Concept, but the developers have abandoned the game it seems. Also, they are getting sued by Frontier the ones who made Planet Coaster for unpaid royalties, because apparently Atari owes Frontier $2.2 million in royalties."
76561198122787056,Not Recommended,282560,22465531,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Qtip Flip,L
76561197990458954,Recommended,282560,22300402,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,oldpainless,"The game has drastically improved since i first bought it although it still crashes suddenly and frequently. Anyways first thing i notice is pathing systems are now a lot better than previously and it is actually one of the few areas that it may beat planet coaster on. Staff now do what they are supposed to do yaay. The lack of content however is still my main concern water rides, transport rides, go karts, wild mouse, dark rides, the game still feels incomplete this was despite a reply from nvizzio after my original review saying they planned on adding log flumes etc to the game.so in a nutshellPros- Graphics pretty good- Flat rides are pretty cool- I like the pathing system nowCons- Lack of content- Still quite buggy- Not as good as planet coasteroverall i will give the game an 8/10 but i am prob being a little generous with this score however with continued developer support and new content could still be a good game in its own right"
,Not Recommended,282560,22830920,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,PEEP JAK,I feel bad for developers. They must cry if they read reviews.
76561198035885866,Recommended,282560,28129540,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ken999991,"Revision 2 of review:Ok.  So with the new considerably lower price point of this game and the fact that it has not crashed on me since the most recent update, I am now changing my recommendation yet again back to a buy.  If you have a decent machine with decent memory this game should now be playable without too many problems and it can be fun.  It's not in the same league as Planet Coaster in terms of graphics, sound design or really anything else, but if you enjoy this type of game I do think it's worth a buy at this lower price.  The tutorial can be somewhat anoying, but does help walk you through the game basics, so you're not just thrown to the wolves to figure it out or watch youtube videos to get the necessary information.  Just recognize that it's probably not likely to see much in the way of updates in the future as the development team has really been assigned to other projects, such as the mobile apps.  It is interesting to see what happens when a company like Atari decides to do a game on the cheap with a lesser experienced developer.  (they in fact went through a couple of such developers on this game).  I believe that was what essentially doomed this game.  The developers just were not as capable as those working on Planet Coaster and it is evident that they also did not have the same passion for the game either.  Communication with players was also subpar.  I do have to say that the coaster builder is actually pretty good, though.  If you play this game and enjoy it (despite it's remaining problems) and have not yet purchased Planet Coaster, do so, you'll most likely love it.  Just view the amazing things people have done with it on youtube.Revised review:A while back I gave this game a thumbs up, even though it had problems because I really was enjoying playing it and it had more content than the competitor, which I also have been playing since Alpha.  They had been fixing crashes and I presumed that crashes would become rare.  Unfortunately, although they have continued to add content to this game, they still have not fixed the crashes.  The last two updates had almost no crash fixes or optimization improvements - only added scenery.  Many times I have worked on a park only to have the game crash and lose all that I had done.  Today I started a new scenario in the story mode (ironcically called Crash Course) and when modifying the initial coaster the scenario starts with the game crashed several times.  Sadly, and reluctantly I can no longer recommend this game and have changed my review to a thumbs down.  The competitor's game (PlanetCoaster) never crashes on me, is better looking, offers more in terms of management now, has a much better path system and has added quite a bit more content over the past few months (plus has over 100,000 workshop items!)  PC also has another free big update coming next week and they are very responsive to player requests and concerns.ORIGINAL REVIEWBeen playing since alpha.  It's been improved dramatically.  Hadn't played it much since the full release, but decided to play it some more to see if it really deserved all the bad reviews.  I actually had fun playing it.  It has quite a bit of content (which is something currently lacking in PanetCoaster, which I also have had since alpha.)  At the price it is currently at ($35) or less I do think it's worth a buy if you enjoy this type of game.  If you really enjoy BUILDING things in fine detail, get PC, it's beautiful to look at and better optimized.  But if you enjoy laying out a park and plopping prebuild stuff and scenery, this is a pretty decent game.  The coaster builder is actually better in this game than in PC and you're sure to get a good laugh from the animation of the peeps (some are pretty ridiculous, even though they've been improved greatly from early access).  Note: if you want to build bigger parks with many rides you will really need at least 16 gigs of ram."
76561198046337709,Not Recommended,282560,22200763,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kyrnik,"I pre ordered the Deluxe edition and ended up disappointed. The developers are not paying attention to the bugs that we get such as freezing a whole lot and low variety. This game is terrible. I waited with hype for months for this game and left me sad. Even Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 that came out in 2005 is so much better. The variey is so good on RCT3 with more rides, you get water parks and safaris in RCT3 as well. I thumbed up RCT3. Later on, I bought Planet Coaster, this games competitor and guess what, worst nightmare. Planet Coaster is so beautiful. The variety is better than this but not than RCT3.SHOULD YOU BUY THIS GAME: NoSpend it on RCT3 or if you are in a mude to spend twice as much as this, go buy Planet Coaster. If you buy THIS you will say you should have listened to my review."
,Not Recommended,282560,32202781,Posted: 5 June,all,mattmillin68485,"Crashes and burnes, that just the loading screen when it trys hoplessley to load the actual game."
76561198184246731,Not Recommended,282560,32236930,Posted: 7 June,all,RustySernando,"I hate to say it, but this game is dissapointing. With the charm and ease of the last game in the installment, Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, it was a huge let down. I understand that they are still developing it and doing updates regularly, but I bought the game as soon as it was available and didn't like it then, and after several months, it seems no different. It is clunky, and glitchy and nothing seems smooth or user friendly. Its a real shame, but with many technical problems and no charm what so ever, I'd stick to RT3."
76561198180202155,Recommended,282560,22361067,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,mji87,still a great game and after downloading i can play it
,Not Recommended,282560,32724930,Posted: 24 June,all,Nem,"I am a long-time fan of theme park simulation games and was eagerly awaiting the release of this game. However, after reading the beta reviews and reviews after release, I avoided purchasing until the 2017 Steam Summer Sale.The game appears to have all of the core elements of a theme park sim that I'd want, but the developers should invest some more time on optimisation and stability. I've played the game for two hours now and have already had it completely stop responding twice.I'll continue to give it a try and don't feel I've lost out at $5, but I don't feel I can recommend it in this state."
,Not Recommended,282560,22261555,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,O5 Council Member,"I originally preordered this thinking it would be a great game as i own every rollercoaster tycoon game in the boxed version then they moved it into earlyaccess i thought ok we'll be able to give feed back atleast, then the negative reveiws came i kept on saying to myself atleast it's earlyaccess so they can still fix it, then they decided to release it a day before planetcoaster when it wasn't even fixed or finished. It pains me to press the thumbs down as this HAD so much potential.By the way I preordered BOTH RCTW and Planetcoaster as a backup. I still haven't played RCTW ever since they moved it out of earlyaccess. Do your self a favor and get planetcoaster, no matter what they do they can't fix this. The only way they would be able to fix this is if they started over from nothing."
,Not Recommended,282560,18802831,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Lewis,"I'm absolutely disappointed on how bad this game is. It's been years and they haven't been able to fix it or make it playable. Please, hand the brand over to another developer."
,Not Recommended,282560,26634762,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,LukeAlex27,Just get Planet Coaster! I only played this so i have something to do whilst i wait for planet coaster and even then i mainly played RCT3. I wish that i managed to get a refund but i sadly couldn't. I ended up playing just so i could get my money's worth. So just get planet coaster!
,Not Recommended,282560,22154357,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,governmentlab,This game simply sucks.And serious technical issues too.Don't buy this.Really.
76561198008562202,Not Recommended,282560,33382084,Posted: 8 July,all,Modulous,"Nope. I even bought an upgrade to my computer so that this game might run and even with the specs being well over the minimums, it crashes when loading a new park.  So far, I have spent over an hour in game without even managing to start a park.I was very much looking forward to this game, and am sorely disappointed.  I will change this review as an when I can actually get into it to give it a go, but for now I won't be holding my breath."
76561198014300827,Not Recommended,282560,25082349,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,wyldremix,"Sure it's still in development and has a good bit of work left to get it to anicely polished finish product but the steps so far definitely seem to be going in the right direction.  And the early access for the RCT community seems to have been a much needed thing as they seem to have been taking much of the feedback and critiques to heart, working to implement changes and try to give updates fairly regularly.  I have lots of hope still in RCTW to become a great game yet.Edit: [7/17/17]   I have long since abandoned all hope that maybe they'll care enough to develop this game into the next gen RCT the community fan based so desperately wanted.   FD seem to truly care about their customer base, being consistantly actively engaged with their community as they continue to make PC better and better with each update that they release.   Atari on the other hand does not.  I can not in good faith recommend that anyone purchase this and I regret having bought into the false pretense with RCTW, both with my time and money."
,Not Recommended,282560,23302807,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,jqlj1,"A work in progress. I have been enjoying the game as I am a guy that loves Tycoon games nomatter how old I get. I love building parks and using my imagintion. However RCTW needs a little enhancing and a little more finess before I can say its the best game ever. I have been playing Planet Coaster and while it is limited as far as the amounts of objects and rides the graphics, preformance, and many other aspects are kinda blowing it out of the water. However, from every update it has been improved and is getting even better. Keep up the great work and I will come back and give it a better review when the game is optimized and more complete.UPDATE!!! HORRIBLE GAME TO THIS DAY. Very unprofessinally done, Cannot ever compete with Planet Coaster. This game marks the end of Atari's Roller Coaster Tycoon franchise. Frontier is a developer I fell in love with."
76561198142062551,Not Recommended,282560,22555077,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Lemondude617,"...Let's just pretend that this abomination never happened.On a different note, the Frontier devs decided to name RCT4 ""Planet Coaster"" for some reason. Not sure why they abandoned the legendary title prefix of ""RollerCoaster Tycoon"" upon their creation of RCT4, but it's great, so go ahead and buy that game if you want to experience freedom unparalleled when it comes to theme park sims."
76561198183430969,Recommended,282560,22652057,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,collinm.streitman,"I got this game more than a year ago when beta first came out and it was horrible. The game was released as beta way before it was ready. In fact it was so bad that I deleted it off my computer because at first I thought it was a virus. In my opinion the reason why the reveiws are so low is because of two reasons. One is because when the game first was released it was not a good game at all and alot of people complained about it, and second reason is because for most games when your computer is a little under minimum requirments it is ok to still play but this games minimum requirments literally mean minimum and alot of people dont get that this game takes up alot of computing power. Now is very diffrent. In this review I will list the prose and cons of getting this game. For the record I posted a review on April 26, 2016 that was very negative but since then my perspective has changed. The Tycoon franchise is a well known beast at theme park games and more including zoo tycoon series and mall tycoon series. It has been around for a long time and Rollar Coaster Tycoon 3 really sets high standards for this game.Before I get into this I want to let you know I did the math, and from the reviews statistically 28 out of 100 people like the game.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game has alot of Prose and I will list some of them below:---Beatiful Graphics (even better with the recomemded computer specs)---Very Smooth Transitions---Fast Loading---Great Coaster Building Dynamic---Realistic Looking People---Realistic Looking Buildings---Greate Sound Quality---Clean Looking DesignThe Cons are as followed:---Not Alot of Building Choices---Tedious Coaster Building Dynamic---Not Enough Building Space------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------In my honest opinion i think the reviews are very negative and some are just not true. But my final review is this, Rollar Coaster Tycoon World has alot of potential but just not used yet and with updates this hopfully will change. But for right now Rollar Coaster Tycoon World feels like a bad remastering of Rollar Coaster Tycoon World but yes, even with all of that out of the way I still do recomending trying this game out."
,Recommended,282560,22167893,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Andromeda,"(OLD) Broken, Boring, Tedious. Thats the best I can say.If you want a real RC Tycoon, Go get RC1, 2 and 3. Not whatever junk this is trying to be.Edit: 6+ Month Revisit.Okay so I'm revisiting this. It's been a while since I reviewed the game last, got my money back. Decided to re-buy it and give it another chance, I generally try to do so with most games I play.So, it has changed. First thing I noticed was that they'd obviously changed the graphics up. When I last played (again, so long ago) the game looked older than RCT3. Even when Planet Coaster was in EA it had more going for it than this game did.The next thing I noticed is I was actually able to build a coaster without the game either exploding on me, the FPS tanking or the coaster just up and decided life was no longer worth living. So this played a fairly big influence in my re-review.Next I started taking a look at the decorating elements of the game. I wish the controls were more intuitive and less awkward really. But I do like the styles they've chosen really.A number of bugs I was inundated with when I last played have not shown themselves once, so I'm pretty happy there.The game still needs polishing. Peeps need fixing, their animations are clunky and awkward. These people are who you see a lot of in game and yet they feel rather unloved. I do like the artistic style though. It all just needs more love.Moving onto how the game has grown since it first hit steam, It has grown and the dev's have tried. Though I'm concerned by the apparent silence since Post-Release Update 7 a few months back. They're showing some progress and I'd like to see it continue. More developers and publishers need to take responsibility when they balls up and fix what they broke (Yes I'm glaring at you EA and Bioware). So I'm pleased with Atari and Co for their work in trying to fix RCTW. It just needs more. As well as more fixes on bugs and problems that have been repeatedly asked for since Day 1.Will I recommend it? Well yeah. It is.. an odd situation this game really. It is a neat little game, partially polished but there is evidence they're still doing what they can. It's been a long time since it came out now and it needs the fans and community of RCT to come together to support Atari etc in getting this game on it's feet and standing tall and proud.I can't guarentee you'll enjoy it. Neither can I guarentee you'll like it or have a bug free experience. That is up to you as an individual. All I can say is that since re-buying it, I've enjoyed myself. I still prefer Planet Coaster, but RCTW brings its own concepts and ideas to the table and it's healthy for the ecosystem for these two games to co-exist.I wish everyone who buys this game the best of luck."
76561197998013976,Not Recommended,282560,22208363,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,nomadrider,"Do not waste your money!!!! This game is still badly broken!!!!! The devs have given up on fixing it!!!! Run away! This game is that bad!!!!!! You've been warned, You'll be sorry you bought it!!!!!!I know it costs more but anyone who is considering this game should go ahead and buy Planet Coaster instead. That game has everything this game promised but couldn't deliver.  Better graphics, Better gameplay, Better optimization. It's just that much better in every way.I bought RCTW in early access believed the devs would sort it out, waited over a year and they pulled the plug on fixing it and are just trying to milk a few more bucks out of it before they drop it completely. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198066234082,Not Recommended,282560,22149564,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Batrasterson197,This game is a massive disappointment and failure. A true embarrassment to the franchise. DO NOT SPEND A DIME ON THIS GAME. I have a gtx 1080m and the game gets 12fps on a small park. the game constantly freezes and crashes. the coaster builder while being really cool at times has some big issues. The builder seems to get confused at times and turns the track into a mangled mess. Do your self a favor and buy planet coaster.
76561198176259618,Not Recommended,282560,23439327,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,EquableManax,Let this be a lesson for you allNever buy a $70 Early Access game
,Not Recommended,282560,18781131,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Im_A_Fork,"I bought the game as soon as it came on steam (Beta version for 60$). At the time, it had potential. All the negative reviews were ""because they did not see potential"". I regret buying this game. A lot. Don't waste your time on this crap. The only reason I have so much hours is because I saw potential. The developers are not doing anything at this rate. I gave this game so many chances and every time they have let me down.Pros:-Coaster EditorCons:-Lag (I don't mean 30 FPS lag, I mean 5-10 FPS lag. With my GTX 1060)-You can't customize as much anymore-Everything is buggy. I once saw a person walk into a tree like it was nothing.-Did I mention lag?-GraphicsSo yeah, if you are looking for a good roller coaster game please don't buy this. It is a waste of your time and your money. I feel bad for the people who spent 60$ on the Beta Release. It's a shame. I really liked the other Roller Coaster Tycoons."
76561197982944694,Not Recommended,282560,34161223,Posted: 10 August,all,Lightning,"I grew up playing RCT and am horribly disappointed with this version. The graphics are sub-par, the building engine is terrible to work with, there's lots of stuttering (I have a very high end system), and the load times are laughable. I've come back to this game several times, hoping that the updates fix some of the serious flaw of this game. Not once have I come back with even the slightest bit of being impressed. If you want to build your own park from scratch, good luck. You have to play the ""Story Mode"" in order to earn points that you spend to unlock other items in the game. It feels like I paid for a game that I only received part of. It's very maddening, but yet not all that surprising given the quality of AAA games over the past few years. If you want to play a real successor to RCT3, pick up Planet Coaster."
,Not Recommended,282560,34201811,Posted: 12 August,all,BeAsT1124,"I have always loved and play Roller Coaster Tycoon my whole life - however, this one just doesn't impress me. The way that the roller coasters jerk in the view when you are riding them, the way that coasters are created, it's all very ""slow end"" game to me. There is nothing all that special about the game for the price.I also paid a lot more than $14.99 for the game - so I think it's interesting that the people that paid $60 don't get anything back or anything special about their game edition."
,Not Recommended,282560,22654957,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ancient Raider,"Even though I only have ~20 hours on RCTW I think that thats all you really need to play the game fully and find every bug. This review is based on the Early ReleaseThe biggest problem im having is depth. I understand that it is an Early Release but it feels like im playing a Revamped RCT3. So far we have seen no water rides, no police guards, trees that dont delete automatically and the standard 4 themes with 3 parks.We waited for a decade and were given a broken system that had many bugs, puke and trash everwere. The mechanics would get stuck at the exit of a ride and wouldnt fix it. There can be three rides broken but if you dont have 20 mechanics to fix it then they wont know its broken. There is a lack of depth in the whole system. I like to be able to customize the workers in the park again and would like to see better use of the sanitation system. The new physics engin is Good right now but update #3 has hit it hard in a good way. (But this is not about update #3). The new roller coaster builder is the main perk of the game and offers a much more realistic aspect to the game. Though sometimes the supports will apprear in the middle of the track the train simply goes through them... Speaking of trains no transport rides. The ratio of the game is large enough for at least a transport train, how about the good old ski lift ride. Also will there be any pools or water park add ons or will I have to pay another $50 to get thoes, maybe $10. Overall the game has a LOT of potential. But for how much time it took to get it out and how much it cost it was kinda a let down. Im still going to play the game just because I love the game. But I and the rest of the RCT community were kinda let down. I have high hopes for the future though to see what NVizzio and ATARI give us in the updates and UGC's, which is a awesome addition.The game is power hungry. With and empty park i have full 60fps with a few blips here and there. But soon after you get a few rides and about 600 peeps i dropped to about 30fps.CPU - i5-6600K CPU @ 3.50GHz (4GHz OC)GPU - AMD R9 380 4gb GigabyteRough est...1080p - no AA - High Detail - Low Shadow = 33fps avg------------------------------------------------------------------------------- April 26 2016 - ARG Publications™UPDATE>>>Im sad to say that with <25 hours after the official release> im setting down the hat and saying that I had high hopes for the release to be spectacular for gameplay and depth. Im not liking the direction that RTCW is going and I really do kinda hate the whole senario thing they are doing and how you HAVE to play the senarios to unlock content in the Sandbox. Which is stupid becuase sandbox is sandbox. Sandbox is basically a different type of senario now. Performence has drastically IMPROVED and I dont crash out the game anymore after 20 minutes of play. I do get decent 45FPS on high settings now and the game feels smoother but the lack of content and feeling I get when playing is no match towards Planet Coaster with Frontier.Sorry ATARI, had fun but bye felisha.------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Aug 18 2017 - ARG Publications™"
76561198156638901,Not Recommended,282560,34312290,Posted: 17 August,all,kerrylettin85,What i dislike is the fact that on three different computers i've not actually been able to install the game and now its not available on any platform!! what a waste of money!!! I am not happy at all!!
76561198133662444,Not Recommended,282560,34503993,Posted: 26 August,all,[Petzza],Would recommned if it didnt crash every 10 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes!!
76561198353548981,Not Recommended,282560,34699439,Posted: 2 September,all,_NUUUU_,Worst Roller Coaster Tycoon game EVER!!!! It's completely laggy pathways are annnoying. Consistant crashing ang glitching out. This has to be the worst possible RollerCoaster Tycoon ever..
76561198239917974,Not Recommended,282560,34770777,Posted: 6 September,all,Saintally,"Go buy Planet coaster, this game sucks so bad."
76561198160304441,Not Recommended,282560,34540304,Posted: 27 August,all,CyrealRD,Great game for making a video on why it sucks!
,Not Recommended,282560,34778056,Posted: 6 September,all,packapunch3,"Pretty crappy made game, not optimized. Get roller coaster 3 instead or Planet Coaster. Atari and Nvizzio, you need to fix this."
,Not Recommended,282560,26648760,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CouchEy,No no no no no no no no no no
,Not Recommended,282560,22149741,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Generic Duck,"When it first came out I gave it credit, can't really do that anymore. Not worth anyone's time."
,Not Recommended,282560,32741438,Posted: 24 June,all,ChatterFace,"OK, I am a fan boy and wanna like this game. The coaster building is pretty awesome, but the rest of the park building dynamic has been dulled pretty extremely since RCT3. Also the game crashes are waaaay too frequent... During loading, in game, just whenever and for no reason. And it will sometimes lock up so bad the only option is a hard reset on the laptop. Decent game when it's working but certainly not worth more than $10 max."
76561198007429212,Not Recommended,282560,34601254,Posted: 30 August,all,Pat-Holm,"The best thing about this game is, that i would never have bought. this game is just trash, you start and crash thats it."
,Not Recommended,282560,29592667,Posted: 30 January,all,Corilys,The game is just a joke compaired to PC; it lacks everything. You can't even build underground.. like wtf. But I dont wanna waste any more time writing this review
