user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043246437,Recommended,282530,9661505,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Sex Luthor & the Legion of Poon,"As a big fan of Castlevania since Rondo of Blood, I was stoked that Konami is porting over Castlevania games to Steam, even though they aren't the stellar IGA-vanias like Order of Ecclesia and Symphony of the Night, but my fingers are crossed. Hopefully Konami shall at least grace Steam with Harmony of Despair if the sales do well.Lords of Shadow - Mirror of Fate is a great blend of the classic Castlevania mixed with the later Metroidvania exploration, all wrapped in a solid combat system.The Pros:- Great atmosphere-Great art and music-Combat is fluid and rewarding-The pacing is pretty good.-Character designs and animations are pretty damn awesome.-Doesn't have all the QTE's breaking up combat. There are a few, but not as many as on the DS version.-Alucard with a whip, need I say more?The Cons:-Sometimes suffers brief slowdowns when entering a new area, even with a top-notch gaming rig.-Hit registration and enemy invicibility frames can be really random and wonky.-The various character's combat styles aren't very unique aside from spells and subweapons.-As in classic Castlevania style: Expect plenty of B.S. deaths, so your patience may be tried.-Blocking system is good but needs reworking, not enough reward for timing a perfect block.-The controls are awkward at first and take getting used to. It is strictly keyboard, and doesn't offer much customization.Overall it is definitely worth a buy if you like 2.5D action platformers. The art is fantastic, and the combat has weight to it. Most of the flaws can be easily circumvented and the pros definitely outweigh the cons. Hopefully this isn't the last time Steam picks up another Castlevania."
76561198148001523,Recommended,282530,12717701,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,colin.a.rudd,"Being a long time fan of Castlevania since the late '90's, I was eager to pick up Mirror of Fate HD due to its classic side scrolling gameplay which reminded me of Symphony of the Night. Whether you are a new or old player, this game is nothing short of a blast! The story is intriuging, the combat fun, and the graphics are brilliant (for being a 3DS Port)! I enjoyed how the gameplay consisted mostly of exploration and the very layed back atmosphere made it more enjoyable than stressful and overly intense.This game in particular gives great nods to the past with certain key rooms and areas that remind me of the older games: something I really appreciated. Although Castlevania has had a facelift, the series is still thriving!No matter who plays Mirror of Fate, I assure you that this title is an instant classic to be enjoyed for years to come!"
,Recommended,282530,17518426,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,stubar,"Just completed this Castlevania and I can say that I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Castlevania: LOS - MOF has a great old school feel and does everything right.  The controls and combat are tight and satisfying.  Some of the boss battles (and also some of the ""fodder"" battles) you get a great feeling from victory.Checkpoints are located in good locations so as not to make the game too easy and also not to create massive frustrations.  There is very little back-tracking, mostly throughout the game you feel as if you are progressing.The graphics are weirdly great.  During my playthrough I took a load of screenshots.  When looking through them afterwards they don't looks so great.  You can easily see some of the low-res textures used in the backgrounds and some of the polygons are very obvious.  The weird thing is whilst playing, the game looks so nice!  I attribute this to great graphics artistry and also there is a wonderful use of colours as you move through the game.  In some areas as you move through your environment the colours subtley change, it really is very nice!I'm personally not one for stories but I watched a little of the cutscenes which are beautifully drawn and animated.  I may go back and watch them in sequence in the library one time.I'd heartily recommend this Castlevania for anyone interested in this genre."
76561198071781219,Recommended,282530,13140130,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,It's a me Mario :D,"WOW this game is a must for castlevania fans!!!I didnt expect it to be so good but seems it is an excellent title!It manages to revive the platform gerne,which older castevania games used and also the best part,in my opinion,is that mirror of fate continues the story of castlevania lords of shadow and connects it with lord of shadow 2!!!Now i can totally understand the story of Gabriel Belmont,Alucard Belmont and Simon Belmont!!!9/10!!!"
76561198103844020,Not Recommended,282530,28085648,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mercureXI,"Ok : first thing to note, I'm a Castlevania fan, and I mean, I finished ALL castlevania games before this one, I finished Castlevania 1 on NES back when I was younger, etcSo, honestly, I can say without much doubt : terrible Castlevania game.1) Story : overall ok, though it only serves as a ""bridge"" between LoS and LoS2, so don't expect too much, though the ""final twist"" could be interesting if you are kinda slow to catch on things (pretty obvious really quickly actually).2) Combat system : LoS, but way more basic, no depth, mash friendly and very very dull enemy battles, to the point you run past them, since it's so boring after a while.3) Gameplay : if you love inaccurate jumps and grabbing more edges than Lara Croft in all of the TR games, you might enjoy this. Again : extremely basic.4) Main characters : you can play 3 characters, all play EXACTLY the same (Alucard uses a whip, even as a Wolf, if that doesn't spell lazy for you, idk what does), they only differ by using a few powers / extra items (doesn't change much, 1 power for defense / health, 1 power for extra damage and items are just basic Castlevania relics like boomerang etc).Dull ...5) Lasting appeal : I was bored after 3 hours, and honestly, I was almost ready to let go and watch the rest on a youtube ""gameplay movie"". Just wanted to finish it, and seriously, it was a CHORE, passed through most monsters (they only appear in some preset arenas, once you beat them once, you can run through them), rushed to the final cutscene as quickly as possible. NO WAY I'm gonna play this again. This is nowhere near any Metroidvania game like SotN / AoS / OoE where you can spend a lot of time gathering items / complete your map / etc. Here, you don't want to come back and complete the map for some ""scrolls and mp / hp upgrades"" ... who cares about that ?You get a ""special"" cutscene for getting 100% : advice here, watch it on YouTube, especially since it lasts 1min and you'll laugh at how useless it is.Only get this game if you are REALLY into the LoS series, and only if you want to get to know better what happened between LoS and LoS2 ... even though the cs when you start LoS2 does almost the job just as well :)And get it during a sale !Terrible game ... 3/10"
,Recommended,282530,21511717,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zorder skinhub.com,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow - Mirror Fate HDis the sequel to Castlevania: Lords of Shadow and it was first released for the Nintendo 3DS. Gameplay wise, it differs alot from the first Lords of Shadow, instead of being a spectacle fighter, Mirror of Fate is a metroidvania in the strict sense of the word. That said, please be aware that the only games of the Castlevania series that I’ve played were Lords of Shadows and this one.At its core it is an action adventure platformer in which you’ll find yourself backtracking to previous areas that you couldn’t previously access, and now you can because you have a certain ability or skill. The game is somewhat linear but there is alot of room for exploration which most often the not, rewards you with either more health, more magic, more ammunition or scrolls, which contain the last thoughs of fallen Brotherhood of Light soldiers.The game takes place after the events of the previous game and lets you take control of Simon Belmont, Alucard and Trevor Belmont. The game is divided into three different acts and in each act you’ll play a different character, each one of them having their unique special abilities and weapons. There is some puzzle solving on the game, mostly on the second act and it is pretty good. It isn’t too hard nor too easy and this is coming from someone who tends to stay away from puzzle games and who doesn’t like doing alot of thinking.The goodThe meat of the game, atleast for me, is the combat and the platforming. Platforming plays a huge role on the game, there are alot of areas filled with deadly traps and you need to have great timing to manage to get through. Combat is like the previous game, you start with very basic combos but as you make your way through the game and increase your level by earning experience, you’ll unlock more combos. Do not be deceived by the only two attack buttons. Not only you’ll unlock more combos as you progress through the game, but you’ll also unlock more weapons or upgrade your main weapon, allowing you not only to annihilate your enemies in new ways but also to access previously blocked areas and paths.As it was the case with the previous game, you’ll be gradually introduced to new enemy types and each one of them felt unique on their own way to me. Bosses are also really well done, each one of them requiring you to adapt to a change in their attack patterns which helps keep the gameplay refreshing and challenging.The somewhat badNow let’s talk about what I didn’t really like about the game. First of all, the fact that it is a 3DS port, even though it is in HD, doesn’t really help the game at all. The graphics look very dated with low resolution textures and on a 1080p monitor there are black bars on the sides. That said, I did find the cutscenes rather well executed with a cell shaded look to them, along the likes of Borderlands and Telltale games.Even though backtracking is something characteristic of metroidvanias, and even though I’m a huge fan of the genre, I tend to get bored when going back to places that I’ve already visited. It would be nice if a new type of enemy would show up in these ocassions. But considering that it took me around nine hours to complete the game (not 100% though) I guess it isn’t that bad at all.VerdictMirror of Fate is a pretty well executed metroidvania and I recommend it to any fans of action/adventure platformers with a focus on combat and exploration, even if you’re not a fan of Castlevania. It has enough enemy variety to make you rethink your attack strategy and it features some nice sections of platforming."
76561197994051007,Not Recommended,282530,13173493,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,fiendishpaladin,"I feel like this is a game that didn't really know what it wanted to be.  It feels like they tried to import the attacks from the 3d games, but those don't lend themselves well to the 2d format, mostly making combat very long and tedious.  Normally I enjoy Metroidvania type games a great deal, but in this case, they seem to have tried to port instant death falls into the format.  In classic Castlevanias, this is fine, because you aren't looking for a great deal of vertical exploration and any fall should be considered deadly.  Meanwhile in a Metroidvania where you're actually trying to look for unusual routes it becomes a punishment for exploration, as it does here.  Again, tedious.  Then of course, we get the Quicktime events.  I will never understand why people feel the need to cram these into games, especially ones that trigger when I have an unavoidable traversal of a section that already slows movement.  Boy howdy, mashing a button repeatedly to progress sure is fun to do over and over again.Its not a terrible game, its just not terribly engaging and has enough flaws that I eventually just got bored and decided to move on, and I say this as a person who's beaten Castlevania 3 and got 102% in SOTN.  All in all, its a shame because the artwork and soundtrack are beautiful, and they really did get the overall atmosphere spot on."
,Recommended,282530,15455571,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,shoudou48,"I enjoyed this game a lot. I don't use to be able to finish games at 100% due to my lack of skills in general gaming, but you can do it relatively easy with this game.Nice story and I liked that you can play different characters on the game."
,Recommended,282530,13262929,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,MarioFanaticXV,"Castlevania: Lords of Shadow: Mirror of Fate is the second game in the Lords of Shadow Trilogy. After I played the first game- which I found to be a great first step albeit not without some noticeable flaws- I was looking forward to playing its sequels. And when I got to Mirror of Fate, it did not disappoint.Whereas the first Lords of Shadow was primarily a hack and slash beat 'em up with Prince of Persia style platforming, Mirror of Fate combines the combat of the first Lords of Shadow, the platforming of the original Castlevania, and the exploration of the Symphony of the Night-style Metroidvanias, mixing them all together to form a playstyle all its own.Visual Presentation: 2.4/3While not as visually stunning as its predecessor, the scenery in Lords of Shadow still does not disappoint. It manages to showcase a wide variety of areas within the castle, each with its own unique feel and artistry behind it, all of which is very well done.The story, while not necessarily bad, is rather short and simplistic- and the only real ""twist"" to the game's plot is revealed in the opening cutscene. It's presented well enough, but if you're hoping for the story-heavy narrative that was presented in the first game, you will be disappointed.Also, I would like to complain about the cutscenes... For some reason, the game has FMVs that are done in a completely different style from the main game and in-engine scenes; while they're not bad on their own, the contrasting style is a bit of annoying, being an unnecessary and jarring change- though not as bad as that of the DLC cutscenes in the first Lords of Shadow.Audio Presentation: 2/2The flawless voice acting of the first game returns, and while there's not nearly as much of it, what is there hasn't lost a step, including Robert Carlyle reprising his role as Gabriel Belmont.The music is wondrous, being ambient when it needs to be, and powerful when it comes to boss fights. For the most part, you have these quiet, eerie themes which add much to the atmosphere of the haunted castle, and it really picks up when it needs to. There's really not much to discuss here, I can't think of a single thing in this area to complain about.Gameplay: 4.8/5As mentioned in the opening comments of this review, Mirror of Fate seems to combine elements from all three styles of former Castlevania games, and blends them together into something all its own. The game is divided into three chapters (plus a prologue which only adds a few minutes to the game), each of which has you playing as a different character: Simon Belmont, Alucard, and finally Trevor Belmont.Platforming at times is reminiscent of the original Castlevania games, whether you're jumping over pits of rancid water, using your whip to swing over pits too large to jump on your own, or climbing up the signature Clock Tower that so often tells you that you're near the end of your journey.But mind you, you don't start out with all your abilities... Much like the more recent main series Castlevania games, exploration is key. While the main game can be quite short, there's plenty of hidden goodies to find in true Metroidvania fashion, although in some ways it feels more Metroid than 'Vania. What I mean by this is that you're not finding RPG-style equipment dropped by enemies and increasing your stats by leveling up, but rather, you instead can find health, magic, and subweapon increases scattered throughout the castle, all hidden to various degrees. The map system is an excellent aid for this, and even allows you to take notes to remind yourself to go back to an area you couldn't reach before.And finally, we have combat- while not nearly as varied as the original Lords of Shadow, the combat here is still quite solid, maintaining the direct attack/area attack style that was originally found in Lament of Innocence. Whereas in Lament of Innocence and Lords of Shadow, area attacks were meant to hit lots of enemies all around you, Mirror of Fate takes a slightly different approach due to its 2D sidescroller nature, and instead makes it so that area attacks are more focused around attacking both ground and air- while most area attacks will still leave your six exposed to enemies.Each character has two subweapons which are unique to them. While none of the weapons can be combined with magic as in Lords of Shadow, they can all be charged up to unleash more powerful versions of them. Some are redesigned versions of classic Castlevania subweapons- such as the axe, boomerang (cross), oil flask (holy water), and hourglass (stop watch), while two others are newcomers to the series in the form of bats and electric bombs. In classic Castlevania style, you collect hearts which serve as ammunition for these weapons, and for some reason do not heal you... People have been confused by this since 1987, I'm not expecting an answer now.In addition to their weapons, each character has two unique types of magic, one defensive in nature and one offensive. Simon calls upon the power of a holy maiden to protect himself from attacks, or upon the power of an ancient warrior to fire arrows upon his foes. Alucard can transform into a mist to dash through enemies and drain some of their life force, and can turn into a wolf to increase damage. And finally Trevor can use the medallions from Lords of Shadow, allowing him to heal himself with attacks via light magic, or simply deal more damage through them with shadow magic.Boss fights are interesting and varied, and as with Lords of Shadow, they are the best part of Mirror of Fate. They represent the most powerful minions under Dracula's command, and eventually even Dracula himself, giving intense challenges and often blocking the path of the greatest rewards.Finally, quick time events have be drastically reduced from Lords of Shadow; no longer do they interrupt the flow of gameplay every time you need to perform a finisher, though they do still appear at a few points in the game, including a ""boss battle"" which is just one long quick time event sequence.Final Verdict: 9.2/10All in all, Mirror of Fate is a game that takes the best of the new and the old, and learns from the mistakes of its predecessor. While it doesn't bring anything particularly new to the franchise, it does make an effort to ensure that everything it does, it does well. It is an excellent game that I can see appealing to a large variety of fans, including those who enjoy action-adventure games, those who enjoy beat 'em ups, and those who enjoy platformers."
,Recommended,282530,9648964,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,-AW- Adretheon,"I'm only about 3 hours in, but so far this game is living up to expectations. It really feels like they combinded the 2D and 3D games. The animations are off, specifically the jump animation. It feels slow and shiort, but it doesn't ruin the game. Combat isn't nearly as fluid as the other 2 games, but again it doesn't ruiin the game.The story bridges the gap between the 1st and 2nd Lords of Shadows games, but it's not nessisary to play either first. So don't let that stop you. It's a soild game that's, so far, been worth the price. It's my 2nd favorite behind the first one."
76561198075525997,Recommended,282530,9652995,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,budwheizzah,"Being familiar with this title from the 3DS and now having enough time on it in its HD counterpart, I can safely say this title is an easy buy. Mostly, its price point, reduced from its 3DS equivalent, makes the decision far easier.The game itself looks great and there doesn't appear to be noticeable cut corners in the port; the game plays just as it should - I had to cut parts of my video review recording because I kept getting pulled into the gameplay leaving dead air behind.Of course my favorite part is I was able to use Tridef Ignition to run the game in stereoscopic 3D and got amazing results! This really does its 3DS counterpart full justice as plain old flat 2D would have been a giant downgrade!http://youtu.be/rXG7uLASlC0* Warning: Steam though it would be a good idea to break all stereoscopic videos. Head to YT to watch it, make sure you are using Flash, not HTML5."
76561197985294644,Recommended,282530,9648608,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,\|/SaGaZ!d4d,"Good old 2D platform... ""Metroidvania""Grafics are pretty good. Sound is great.I just feel the controls kinda have a slow response in some mechanics like wall climbing and stuff..Also, the enemies introduction are completly unnecesary, or is just me missing the Castlevania:SOTH times.... <sigh>Overall if you like the game style I tottaly recomend this game"
,Recommended,282530,9706036,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Sherlock Van Helsing,"I am one of the biggest Castlevania fans out there: I played every single game, from the first one on the NES, to Symphony of the Night and the ones on the GBA as well as the horrible N64 ones. And I must say that this game (in both the Castlevania serie and the Lords of Shadow trilogy) is a great game AND port.The graphics aren't jaw-dropping, but I haven't found a single graphical glitch. However, some of the visuals (see my recent screenshots for that) are pure eye candy for a gothic lover. The point in which these game shines is the combat and platforming: the game combines the 2D style of the original games and the combat system of the LoS trilogy in a great way.But these game isn't perfect: the story is good enough to tie the two LoS games, but it's nothing that shines; the music is really forgettable and bland; there is no weapon difference between the playable characters (you will always have a whip, be it Simon's or Alucard's) and the boss fights are predictable.Overall, the fair price, responsive controls and sweet combat make for a great entry in my favourite video game franchise.SCORE: 82/100"
,Recommended,282530,16920154,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"A 2.5D metroidvania midquel to LoS and LoS2. For a 3DS port, it has a lot of content and looks really good in 1080p. It also ties up the story from LoS."
76561197984007528,Recommended,282530,21332081,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Guts,Completed the game and loved it. Great use of side scrolling and a nice art direction too especially in cinematics. Combat feels satisfying with some awesome enemy designs and bosses. Interesting story too if you are looking for more backround on characters before you head into Lords of Shadow 2. Overall a great Castlevania game.
,Recommended,282530,9995276,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,wavebeem,"Overall, this game is worth your time.I've avoided the other Lords of Shadow games due to the slow, 3D God of War-esque combat. I originally avoided this one on 3DS because it was just so abysmal on such a low-res display.Playing it in HD is far more impressive. the low polygon count and some textures obviously reflect its 3DS heritage, but overall the game looks pretty good. I did have some unexpected framerate problems in some spots, though.The gameplay took some getting used to for me. I don't think it was until halfway or a third of the way through that I felt like the gameplay really clicked and I started understanding what I needed to do to fight enemies effectively. That, or the powers they give you just start becoming pretty good.Compared to the Metroidvania games, *ALL* of the actions feel sluggish. Especially climbing and jumping. Overall the game feels a little clunky and slow, but the combat system is interesting, especially as you start unlocking more moves.One thing that didn't sit right with me though is the music in this game. I generally love Castlevania music, and I barely even noticed the music in this game. It seemed like there wasn't any most of the time, and what little was there didn't add to the setting of the game. Some epic boss fight music or just eery castle-crawling music would've been nice.Enemies also have a tendency to corner you in this game with no decent way to escape without taking damage, which is extremely frustrating.Overall, an OK Metroid experience. The price tag and length make a lot of sense here."
,Recommended,282530,9652446,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,R7av7en7,"Great stuff, had it on 3DS and it was good, with the improved graphics it's great. Supports the 360 controller as you would expect."
76561198053933392,Recommended,282530,23369755,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,PurplePony,"I like this game a bit I do. It should be noted that I am a big Castlevania fan and also that I still think it is sad and pathetic that this is the only ""real"" Castlevania game on Steam and is only barely that, but it is a good game.If you are a true Castlevania fan than this is the only one of the three Steam games I could recommend playing.Not to say the other two are bad, just not the Castlevania experience you'd want.I will say that while I am a bit mixed on Mercury as a developer, this game further illustrates my growing foundness of the engine they use that I would like to see more of in the future, perhaps play with a bit myself if I could.I will say that if you are not familair with the new storyline of the Lords Of Shadow series reboot than this game is a mixed bag. Some say they where totally lost, but I disagree. To me you won't be totally lost in this game since it does a decent job of containing the story within itself. However it will spoil much of the ending to the first game.I know people will try and kill me for this, but I think this game's version of Alucard is better to the theme overall. Of course I prefer Ayami Kojima's version of him from the Igavania era, but I feel this new chap is more fitting to the vampire theme overall. He looks FAR more monstrous in his default appearance, but is still beautiful in my opinion.While this game is patthetic compared to some other games in the series and even to some fan clones here on Steam it is a good game that I enjoyed playing overall and more importanly it is a very solid port from the PS3/360/3DS versions."
76561198093120771,Recommended,282530,28458631,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sinker,"Pick this one up on sale and don't treat it seriously if you like. It honestly lasted me about 12 hours and that was with some faffing about. There's not a lot I can say that others don't say better. It's decent, with combat and exploration reminiscent of the more recent games. If you dug them you'll dig this one. Backtracking can be like pulling teeth, but for the most part it's not necessary.One big thing bugged me though. They're in Wallachia (modern day Bulgaria). I get why they don't want the ridiculous classic Dracula accent. So I could see Russian, or German. Heck even a more middle-eastern language would kinda make sense. WHY THE F**K DOES EVERYONE HAVE A SCOTTISH ACCENT?"
,Recommended,282530,15929474,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Black Puppet,"=HEADS UP=I had a review before this one about the game being good. This stays of course but i had to clarify some points and fix this old messy review that i made before.=INFO ABOUT THE REVIEW=1. This review might be a bit longer.2. This review is about my point of view and opinion. [If you disagree on a certain point or want to correct me: Be reasonable or i will ignore your comment.]=REVIEW=Now lets answer a question right at the beginning. Is the game good? Yes. Is the game enjoyable? For people that like games like Streetfighter and SSB probably.Now you are asking me: Why would you say such a thing? Shouldnt this be just the normal Castlevania just like the old times? Well yes you are right. This should be just like the old games and i sadly can say: It isnt. If i think of Castlevania i think of a Platformer/Bossrush with collectables you need to get further. In certain games they made the collectables into other things that you needed to progress but they were still there. You were involved into the story from the very beginning without actually knowing much about everything except if you have read much before playing about the game. So usually you were left at the beginning with your starterweapon to kill all that would stand in your way to reach your destination.In this game it is most certainly just like i explained before with some bad little details to it. Well why am i saying little? There actually is a big bad detail to the game but that i will explain later. In this game there are three Storyarcs. In each Storyarc you play a different character what is totally fine. All three are easy to play and about the same except their powers. With each character you access a new part of the Castle to reach your destination that most of the time leads into Bossfights that are challenging. But they arent challenging because you have to watch out for their attacks like before.Now just shortly back to old Castlevania. If you remember correctly of how to avoid the enemy it was simply by actually avoiding your enemy. Now for those that dont understand: In the old games the Bosses were hard but easy to avoid. Their attacks were obviously predictable and only needed a certain amount of time and fails to get to the part of killing the boss. Sometimes you could avoid the boss so easily that you wouldnt even fail once. But dont get me wrong. It was not as easy as it might sound. You could avoid the boss easily but the Bossrooms were just as well sometimes Platforsections what made the whole fight into more than just: ""You are trapped in tiny room. There is the Boss. Go kill"". Sometimes the Boss used the Platforms himself. Sometimes the Boss got below the Platforms (and the screen) and tried to come up below you with an attack. Sometimes Platforms were the only thing you could use because the floor literally was lava. And sometimes just as well there were no Platforms what ment that the Boss had faster attacks that you had to avoid.Back to this game there is not much to say. ""Dodge, Hit, Dodge, Hit, Dodge, Hit and Hit again"". This is literally what this game is. It is a game for people that like Fightinggames but not for people that like Castlevania as what it was before. I mean i have seen other Castlevania games that were seriously just simple Fightinggames like Streetfighter or Mortalkombat. I just looked at them and they began to bore me to death. It was not what Castlevania was about. And yes of course you could say the same about Mario Kart and Hyrule Warriors (a game i still dont understand why it became so popular but that is a rant for another time) and you would be right. They were succesfull with what they were doing but then i ask you about the: Why?Because it was fitting. Super Mario was playing in not so modern world but machines and cars would still be available in that point in time. Even big flying Pirateships as we saw in other games. It was fitting because the world was all about Fantasy and literally just a tad crazy in general. Going over to Zelda we have the same case. It was simply fitting (even though i didnt like it) and it would work in their world. But in Castlevania what is known to be a Platformer/Bossrush just like Metroid is (And no ""OtherM"" didnt change anything about that and i dont want anybody raging at me for mentioning it) it doesnt fit. It is simple as that. If you think what Castlevania is about can you see yourself and your character fighting a zombie in a Streetfighterstyle? I cant and that is the point.Oh and i mentioned the collectables before. Well in the original as i stated before you had to collect them and go into the next stage. Sometimes in the games there even was a FINAL FINAL Boss right after the normal Final Boss. In one of the little Castlevania Stories that was available first on the GBA and then on the DS you had to collect certain things and use them at the same time to reach the actual Final Bonus Boss before killing the actual Final Boss. Killing the actual Final Boss would lead you to the normal Endscreen with Normal Ending. Killing the actual Bonus (I rather call it the End-)boss would lead you to the real good ending. Dont get me wrong: Both ending are good endings but in the one mentioned last you were sure that you had destroyed the Evil. It was a good feeling that you could achieve that.But back to this game we have nothing like this. We have collectables but the only you got from them were upgrades of your 3 main stats that you needed to fight and survive. You didnt get new weapons, or trinkets that would do something. And that is about it.Would i recommend the game? Yes i would say so.Would i recommend the game to a Castlevaniafan? I would not.This game is not like any Castlevania game i have played so far. This game is not a Castlevaniagame for me since there are so many elements missing that makes Castlevania what made Castlevania.It was a horrible Night to have a curse.It was also a horrible Night to play this game."
76561198010110667,Not Recommended,282530,9783295,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Scare Ball,"It sux rods.I would strongly liken it to Sonic 4 in the sense that its a shoddy 2D game that somehow managed to get a few positive reviews from people who've apprently forgotten what made the series popular in the first place.The controls are highly unsatisfying. It's really poorly optimized, feeling inexplicably sluggish on a powerful gaming pc.I only paid 10 bucks, but that's at least 9 more than it is worth."
76561197993425738,Recommended,282530,32717815,Posted: 24 June,all,sk,"A solid MetroidVania game on it's own, plus if you're into lords of shadow lore, you'll good chunk of story, for $3, just go for  it"
76561197998485563,Not Recommended,282530,21477753,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Habilis,"The best aspects of the game are definitely the art assets and the visual style.The story is fairly flat and simple, which is to be expected... The tone and atmosphere make up for this somewhat.The game design is such that you spend too much time backtracking through a cumbersome very vertical layout with many loading screens.Unfortunately I found the combat to be oddly clumsy.  Your weapon doesn't feel like it has any weight to it and it takes often a half dozen to a dozen hits to kill simple enemies.  Each enemy opponent can be dealt with almost in exactly the same way -- hit it until it retaliates and then vault backwards.  This is especially true because of how frequently enemies throw unblockable attacks.  The counter mechanic is basic and effective, but largely useless because of spammed unblockable attacks.The boss battles are a saving grace, with real variety and difficulty.  However, you will often be hit by huge hotboxes thrown out constantly.  The gimmick I found the most irritating is lots of invincibility for the bosses, not only are you contending with their regular attacks and abilities being thrown out, but long moments of invulnerability where you basically engage in a mini game where your floaty character avoids giant hitboxes.This game would heavily benefit from more polished combat and movement.  Moving a tall, floaty character around wide slow projectiles and slow telegraphed attack patterns can often feel frustrating and unrewarding."
,Recommended,282530,10046940,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,PW,"6.5/10, explanation below.I love the Castlevania Franchise, but unlike most fans, never fancied the metroidvania style. I like them linear:P Yet i decided to give this a try.The game mechanics are pretty solid. Combat does get somewhat boring though, not much variety in the melee combat, although the secondary weapons are quite creative and fun to use. The story is an interesting aspect of the game - it's not necessary to understand either LoS or LoS2, but its a good filler.It was a bit too long for my taste though, at just over 10 hours. For a metroidvania style, there isn't much fun in the backtracking part, and the storyline is somewhat linear still. But the art style and the environment are really impressive and makes for a great foundation for the game.All in all, I'd recommend this game for more dedicated Castlevania fans. It's not an neessary addition to the series as such, but for fans of 2D sidescrollers it does have the necessary entertainment value you could expect from a HD remake of a 3DS game."
,Recommended,282530,11043705,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Birdkoo,"7/10.Like an immortal Dracula that continues to return from the dead, the diehard CV community continue to hope for a return to the SOTN Metroidvania style that is the pinnacle of the series no matter what Belmont comes to take the role of whip-slayer.This is Not a Metroidvania game, nor is it a massive 20 hour campaign that it was marketed as, What it is one of the most enjoyable 2D action games available on Steam that serves as a nice link between the much larger budget Lords of Shadow games.Sadly, the story, like in LOS2, is incoherent at best. Told in a reverse sequence of events, similar to Memento, the character development is minimal with only the short dialogues at the beginning, and towards the end pushing the narration forward. Some of the villains are quite imaginative, e.g. The Toy Maker, but there is not nearly enough enemy variety to keep the campaigh interesting, 8-10 hours can give you 80%+ game completition, with only returning to earlier parts of the castle for upgrades for higher difficulties or the punishing Boss Rush mode a reason to return for a second helping.Managing to shrink the whip heavy game-play to 2D is not easy, but this, along with the haunting soundtrack is where MercurySteam succeeds most. Sub-weapons return, and each of the three main characters, Simon, Alucard and Trevor each have their own abilities too. Whip abilities pass from one character to another as they level up, but unlike the other games it is linear rather than being able to chose your own moves. (This also makes no sense chronologically,)Level design at times is alright, but whoever Dracula gets to decorate his castle should really invest in some good lighting and colours outside of grey, brown and black. Characters feel heavy, platforming is dense ledge grabbing, with occasional air dashing, jumping and whip swinging mingling with the common combat against Dracula's hoards. The game is dark, very dark. But the art design, at times, is Gothic, if a little flat and too constrained.I can't recommend this for anyone hoping this was a return to form the old-school CV ways. If you enjoyed LOS then it's worth a glance, but otherwise look elsewhere.Memorable Moment: The First Few lines Alucard spoke. A thick rouge Scottish accent is not fitting of a slightly flamboyant white-haired vampire of Japanese design."
,Recommended,282530,9956871,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,"Oniell Ford, Carnage Cult Leader","MIRROR OF FATE REVIEWWelcome, again, to another instance of Steam Library reviews by Oniell Ford! (Never mind the altered name and avatar. It'll go back to normal in due time.) As usual, the blacked-out areas of the review are spoilers, so avoid them if you want to experience the thrills of the game yourself.This time, we'll be reviewing ""Castlevania: Lords of Shadow - Mirror of Fate HD"", the second installment in Mercury Steam's ""Lords of Shadow"" trilogy. As many of you know, my review for the previous ""Lords of Shadow"" installment was pretty negative.  Unlike LoS 1 and 2, Mirror of Fate turned out to be a much better game. Without further ado, THE REVIEW!CharactersSimon BelmontVoiced by Alec Newman.A brash and buffed-out barbarian of a man. He is, by far, the most classic character in the game. His main weapon is the ""Beast Hunter"" whip (a homage to the old school Vampire Killer whip), with Fire Bomb and an Axe as references to old Sub-weapons and to round him out. SPOILER:He later replaces his Beast Hunter whip with his father's Combat Cross.This guy has always been my overall favorite Belmont in all the franchise. Based on the ""Castlevania Chronicles"" incarnation of the character, Simon doesn't resemble a feminine bodybuilder. He actually looks like a MAN and not a WOMAN! He's got massive muscles, a tough attitude and a straight-forward determination to slay Dracula. The scottish accent they gave him made the character EVEN BETTER! This is my FAVORITE incarnation of Simon! He's got some really cool secondary abilities and wicked awesome attacks! Love it! SPOILERS:He later finds the spirit of his mother that becomes his own ""guardian angel"" that blocks attacks against you (called ""Spirit of Belnades""). Then he finds the spirit of a holy man who died in the castle and becomes a more offense-oriented ""guardian angel"" called ""Spirit of Schneider"" (another old school reference). They both fill the slots of what would've been special abilities of the other characters.AlucardVoiced by Richard Madden.A mysterious vampire determined to find a way of slaying Dracula forever. He roams the castle to obtain all of his lost abilities... or whatever is closest to them. His main weapon is the ""Dark Pain"" whip (Said to be made from metal close to the underworld and used by the most elite members of the Brotherhood. I've always thought that it was just too silly and the opposite of what they represent. I mean, how are you supposed to defeat Dracula with a demonic weapon? That's like fighting fire with fire!) and his sub-weapons include a Stopwatch (old school Castlevania weapon). He also has the ability to transform into a wolf and transform into mist (both old-school Castlevania references). His bosses are some of the TOUGHEST in the game! When you start out as Alucard he is pretty weak, meaning that you've got to find a way of out-doing your enemies until you've gained more levels and upgraded your abilities (once you've found them). He's more of an indirect fighter as opposed to the more head-on approach of Simon. Despite the difficult bosses, it is pretty fun to outsmart them.Trevor BelmontVoiced by Richard Madden.A knight from the Brotherhood of Light who is also Simon's father. Devastated by the truth the Brotherhood told him, he sents out to bring peace on his family name and end Dracula's horrible curse. SPOILER:He would later become Alucard.He is probably the strongest character in the game. He starts out with the ability to double-jump and slide down walls, and obtains much more. His weapon is the ""Sub-Combat Cross"" or ""Trevor's Combat Cross"". It is a replica of the original but has more practical uses than the aforementioned one. He also has some pretty cool sub-weapons like the bladed Boomerang and Electric Bomb. The Boomerang reminds me of a similar weapon used in ""Castlevania: Bloodlines"", which replaced the boomerang/crucifix from earlier and later games.DraculaGabriel BelmontVoiced by Robert Carlyle.The main antagonist of the game. I felt that he was a fitting villain moreso than the lackluster Lords of Shadow from the previous installment. He is fought twice in the game: once as Alucard and again as Trevor (for the final fight). He can be a pretty tough fight for both characters. I never got past him on Hardcore difficulty for both Story and Boss Rush modes. SPOILER:The ending of the second battle is BULL*BLEEP*!!! There's just NO WAY a DEMONIC BEING can use a WEAPON OF GOD to kill a CHRISTIAN!! I was just venting like MAD when I saw the ending!The Lost SoulVoiced by Michael Maloney.The enigmatic being that haunts the castle and guides the way for every playable character in the game. SPOILERS:He turns out to be a spirit from the Mirror of Fate, hence why he guides the characters to their destiny.He's very vital to the game's story. I like to think of this character as a guardian angel (of sorts).GameplayStory ModeVery well done. Tells the story in an impressive blend of a 2D background with 3D characters. Simplistic animations that still keep you interested. The 2.5D gameplay gives us the feeling of a retro-Castlevania with the style of the modern 3D games. Sometimes, it can be confusing. You'll get stuck trying to figure out where you need to go on the map screen due to it's strange design. But after a while of playing, you'll figure it out eventually. There were some weird issues of enemies not disappearing after death and blocking the way, and the like.SoundtrackThe soundtrack would glitch out sometimes during the game. I kept thinking the music was repeating only to find that the song was meant to sound that way! After that, I was able to better tell the difference between glitch and intention in the music. While still on the subject of the music, despite having Trevor, Alucard, Simon and Dracula in the game, none of their themes from the original games were not included, much to my disappointment.Boss Rush ModeAREALchallenge for players! You're pitted against every boss in the game (from each character's story) and must defeat them all (without healing, refilling magic or regaining more sub-weapon ammo between fights). The damage you take as one character will carry over into the next boss fight. Intense and unrelentless, just how Boss Rush should be! If anything, this mode will entertain you longer than the Story Mode!Despite not having multiplayer, my brother & I kept feeling like a multiplayer mode (similar to ""Castlevania: Harmony of Despair"") should've been implemented.AchievementsThese are throwbacks to the old school days. Some of them are references to the original NES Castlevania's. There are so many games with achievements that I'm not interested in, but this game's achievements actuallymademe want to play it more! One of my personal favorites is ""Quick as lightning"".ConclusionPros+ Inclusion of great classic characters.+ Beautiful graphics upgrade with nostalgic 2.5D gameplay.+ Exciting and intense boss battles.Cons- Horrible writing. Almost felt like they were trying to remake ""Castlevania Legends"" with all the horrible plot twists in it.- Oddly confusing soundtrack.- Still more unnecessary nudity and anti-God content.Replay Value4/5Overall Review Score: 6.8Unlike the others in the ""Lords of Shadow"" saga, ""Mirror of Fate"" is theONLYinstallment that is worthy of the name ""Castlevania""!AfterwordI was impressed so much by this game. In all honesty, I'd much prefer the Castlevania franchise to continue in the vein of ""Mirror of Fate"".Thank you for reading!- Oniell."
,Recommended,282530,30212674,Posted: 26 February,all,Dragun,"Surprisingly good!Its no Symphony of the Night but its also not like the other 2 Lords of Shadows.Prob the best ""Castlevania"" we'll get until Iga releases Bloodstained.It does tell an interesting story that ties in the different generations in its own way and it possibly compares closest to Simon's Quest on the NES and Rondo or Blood."
76561197995870363,Recommended,282530,31913685,Posted: 23 May,all,Nerdslinger,"Fun add-on game that I received bundled with Lords of Shadow 1 and 2.I'm a big fan of the entire Castlevania franchise and actually don't mind the re-boot series. I rank these games up there with the best of them which in my opinion are Symphony of the Night and the handheld Metroidvanias.Music, Visuals, Storyline, Controls, Combat, and exploration are all a big ++++++++Enjoy!"
76561198005919137,Recommended,282530,12495478,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Provoker,A platformer that only adds to the Castlevania series and keeps up with the pace set by Lords of Shadow.
76561198076028955,Recommended,282530,12446616,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Blackgenma,"A decent side scroller with an explorable map with various collectables. Emphasis is on platforming and combat. Multiple playable characters, but they all very similar on playstyle. Not to be confused for a metroidvania.The combat mechanics are a bit more complex and structered than Iga's entries of the series, resembling the 3d Lords of Shadow title (multi-hit combos and the like). Boss fights are fun. Story is arguably the most traditionally ""castlevania"" of the Lords of Shadow trilogy, which I found to be very entertaing."
76561198037917342,Recommended,282530,28209440,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,「SUPER EUROBEAT」,"The Metroid Fusion of Castlevania games. If you are looking for a fully metroidvania experience, this is not it. However, this game does have metroidvania elements and is enough to scratch the itch if you've run out of other options.The reason I say this game is like Metroid Fusion is because it is much more linear than other games in the series. You are given objectives on the map screen and your goal is to reach them. This is in contrast to other games where you are basically set free and must figure out where to go on your own. The game is more about exploration than combat. Your secondary goal, along with reaching the objective, is filling out the map and thus collecting power ups in the form of extra HP, magic, experience, and ammunition.The game is paced well, split into 3 acts, each one with a different playable character. Each of the acts is then further split into 3 ""sub-acts"". The first part involves starting out with the character and exploring while collecting powerups that let you access the next objective. The second part (usually signalled by finding a teleporter) involves using all of those powerups to backtrack and reach all the places that were previously inaccesible. The final part is basically just finishing up the final few objectives of the act.Each character has the same basic combat abilities with the whip, but each differs in which sub-weapons they use and which magic abilities they have. Combat feels ok, not great. It's not the main focus of the game so it's not a huge deal. You have two main method of attack with the whip: horizontal strikes (more damage) and vertical strikes (cover more area). You can attack in the air as well, and you unlock new moves as you level up that can be performed with specific inputs. Most of them are useful in at least some situations. There is a good variety of moves and I never really felt like I didn't have enough tools to deal with any given combat situation, especially after you factor in sub-weapons and magic.My problem with the combat is that the characters control a big too sluggishly for my tastes. The jump arc is slow and floaty, you are not free to pass through enemies with a dodge roll, and there is considerable ending lag on basically every move. This can make it hard to reach the end of your combos, especially against aggressive bosses, and it doesn't feel like you are reaching your full potential during these fights. In addition, some enemies are not stunned by your attacks, basically forcing you to stop so that you can dodge whatever they are going to throw at you. While this is not inherently bad, it makes you feel like your attacks have no impact. Some enemies like to hold their guard up, and while the game gives you a guard break move, it's extremely slow and short range. Most of the time the enemy has already dropped its guard and hit you by the time you get to run up to them and start your attack.Overall I wish your character operated more quickly and had better movement options. However, combat is not the focus of the game and you will spend the majority of your time solving puzzles and trying to fiure out how to platform your way to the hidden areas. The level are well designed and you will pretty much always find something if you stray from the beaten path.Overall a solid game. Nothing groundbreaking, but a satisfying experience. Not a true Metroidvania, but close. Game performs well, there are no glaring issues, and the level design is good. The game is fairly short though, probably 10-12 hours depending on how thorough you choose to be. Good game to get on sale, though if you really like Castlevania the full price isn't exorbitant for a game like this."
,Recommended,282530,15212995,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,VictorRasia,"Castlevania Lords of Shadow:Mirror of FateAlucard is CLEARLY the best character in the game.I played Castlevania Lords of Shadow 2, but then I saw this game in Steam, I saw what it was, and played it. And I just realized: This is Classic Castlevania, let me explain: You are Simon/Trevor/Alucard (Dracula's Vampire Son), with a whip of leather/chain, that goes to defeat Dracula in a 2D castle. I didn't like the lack of characters, twelve character (Five of them only appear in the intro cinematic) and I do not count a description on the bestiary as a character. The main characters are, of course, Simon, Trevor Belmont, and Alucard. You play each Act with one of them. The other two characters are Dracula, the antagonist, and Gabriel Belmont, whom you play in the tutorial. And the last two characters are the Succubus, a boss who show a little bit of personality, and the Daemon Lord, a boss who appears like four times, and has more personalities than most.As I said like seventy words ago, the bestiary has one paragraph for each monster and boss, which is nice, considering the giant amount of entries there is, but the problem/feature is that each monster has a scroll you have to find, also there are dead knights with a little story you can search for. The exploration consists of a lot of backtracking, as you gain new abilities, like in Act I (Simon) you change your leather whip to a chain whip with the abilities to swing on grappling spots (like in Super Castlevania IV, in which you also play as Simon) and many new areas are accessible. Or when you get the double jump in Act II (Alucard). Your arsenal consists of your whip, which every time you level up you gain a new combo, the subweapons, which run on ammo(you pick up ammo by enemies’ drop or breaking barrels), and two magics, which vary.Alucard was the best character by far, because he didn't breathe, so I could explore the water for more scrolls, his whip can swing from the ledges and chandeliers from the beginning, his magics are mist form (Default Q) which can dash-teleport, and if you do it through enemies you get your health back, and the wolf form (Default E) which causes more damage, he can also double jump and glide, he has claws for wall 2D wall-jumping. His subweapons are a time-slowing device and a bat-swarm (so you you can pretend you're Batman), and he can also take a skyline-like device to travel more.At the end of the day, is it fun? Well yes, I enjoyed it, spend many hours on it, and I will recommend it to everyone who enjoyed Super Castlevania IV. You can't get really affectionate with the characters, since the only reason they have is revenge, but the combat is fluid, and the new skills fuse with exploration without you really noticing, except for one, which is almost crowbared in (Simon's Crossbow Ghost), but everything else made places I never thought of exploring accessible, so I like it."
,Recommended,282530,14556065,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Akka,"Miss your chance to play this on a handheld? Now's your chance. Konami is too stupid to port a stellar 2D castlevania game so we're stuck with one of the worst of the bunch (it's still good though).There were a few times in which progressing required you to make a blind jump upwards from one ledge to another, but the ledge you jump to was off screen--for practical purposes invisible unless you knew it was there already."
76561197970549991,Recommended,282530,10786072,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RedFox,"I really enjoyed this, but I'm a big fan of the LoS series in general. Just have to keep in mind you're playing an up-rezzed version of a portable game, not a fully realized AAA console or PC title.The game had me change through characters enough that I didn't get bored of doing the same thing over and over again. I liked how it managed to capture some of the more cinematic fight mechanics of LoS 1 in spite being from a portable platform. Story-wise, it bridges the gap between LoS 1 and LoS 2, though I'm guessing LoS 2 would fill you in even if you didn't play this."
,Recommended,282530,9985793,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Subwatt,"Priced right, simple yet intuitive.  The combat feels good leveling system allows you to aquire more moves which makes things allot more fun.  Voice acting is a little meh and you will want to get lost while you are looking for your next objective.  The castle is really large although you will long for the maze like feel which makes this particular game so interesting.  If your looking for a smash everything and making minced meat outta baddies you won't get that here.  Fewer monsters means a little bit of thought goes into each pack of baddies you fight. In all i give this game a 7.5 for $15 your getting your money's worth.  If your looking for a cheap game that you can beat in a weekend this is right up your alley."
,Recommended,282530,10353052,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],"As a Castlevania fan, this game is great. A nice combination of the old metroivania style games, and the new Lords of Shadow style. The game is not so hard with the checkpoints on the bosses, but you can always turn up the difficulty level to get a better challenge. One thing to note on this game as the 2 big brothers it has, it's the huge attention to detail the developers had when developing the graphics, that even though are ported from a smaller console, the stages are very well created, with proper lighting, and even the smallest things like paintings or things on the walls are not repeated across the whole game.8/10"
,Recommended,282530,33218939,Posted: 4 July,all,alsats (Aldorn),"Their is a little bit of a 'fanboy' hate about this game simply because it's not Iga and not connon (alternate storyline etc etc). So ignoring that, this is a really good CV title. Nice fast pace, decent dose of nostaglia (being able to play multiple heros from classic titles), great music and all around decent ambience that one would expect from the CV title.My only quarm is the difficulty level, its rather easy and the puzzels are very straight forward. Otherwise no real arguement.If SOTN is a 10/10 then this would be a 7/10. Good game."
76561198275314000,Recommended,282530,25632636,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,The Blade Siren,If your looking for a great game at a reasonable price look no further. This game is really awesome. Whether you have played others like this or not you'll catch on really fast. I recommend this game to all gamers looking for action and a good time. Enjoy!
,Recommended,282530,9670428,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Thomas the Dank Engine,awesome port!
,Recommended,282530,9676473,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Rajko,"I'm an ardent fan of the Castlevania series, from the original titles to the Lords of Shadow releases, and I was very pleasantly surprised to find that Mirror of Fate manages to strike a perfect balance between the story building and flavor of the new Lords of Shadow arc, and the 2D feel of the classic titles.The controls are a little forgiving, the combat system manages to blend the old and new very well, the audio is stellar, and the papercraft art style to the cutscenes feel like a fresh nod to all of the classics.  I've been having an absolute blast with it!If you are looking for something to scratch that metroidvania itch, I highly recomend Lords of Shadow - Mirror of Fate HD."
76561197970656045,Recommended,282530,12283123,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,stauf,"This game was along the lines of the old side scroller parts of the series, the parts that I enjoyed quite a bit.   It reminds me of Symphony of the night the most.  Enjoyed the whole way through."
,Recommended,282530,11983829,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Enma Ai,"I was actually impressed with this title. It is reminiscent of earlier titles, namely Symphony of the Night, Aria of Sorrow, Harmony of Dissonance with a large number of game mechanics while delivering the newer combat and gameplay experience from the Lords of Shadow series. Beautiful and earie scenery and a decent music score keep you immersed in the game while you trek across multiple Acts and multiple characters. A solid entry into the Castlevania world!"
,Recommended,282530,14054583,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,satsun,"Not a bad game but I'm glad it's over (I finished it).Mirror of Fate is a side-scrolling Lords of Shadow game that fits in with the other LoS games; if you've played the other LoS games, you'll find that MoF's story falls right in with them. The game also controls like the LoS games. My main complaint is that the music is a slow, dull, repetitive set of maybe two or three songs (Was it more? I couldn't tell.); the music in the LoS series just doesn't compare to previous Castlevania games and MoF takes the cake for most boring soundtrack. I grew up with the NES, SNES, and PlayStation Castlevania games that had great soundtracks, so as someone that pays attention to game audio, I have high expectations when it comes to Castlevania games. I don't usually say this, but you could completely do without the audio in this game, mute it and play your favorite music to help you stay awake.Other than the music problem, gameplay was fine and you'll probably like it if you're a fan of the Castlevania games. I can't not recommend it because I disliked the music so I'm giving it a thumbs-up."
,Recommended,282530,20829814,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"When I first heard about this game I was like ""it can't be a good game it's a Nintendo 3DS port after all"" but when I played it my thoughts about this game have completely changed. I haven't played Lords of Shadow 2 yet but I think MoF's story much better than Lords of Shadow. You get to play as Trevor Belmont, he is Gabriel's son, and Simon Belmont, Gabriel's grandson. Oh you also get to play as Alucard and Gabriel too. Gameplay is amazing, smooth, story is great and it takes 7 hours to beat it if you're trying to get all treasures in the game. Boss battles are really good especially Trevor's. Long story short, buy this game if you wanna see a good story."
,Recommended,282530,9658690,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Serjão Reis,"English (Ingrish) - PortuguêsRate: 9/10First of all, this is not a SOTN. The game is awesome anyway, I can't say ""why I rate this 9/10 instead of 10/10 if this is soo awesome"", cause it could be a spoiler.But the game is very good, a lot of puzzles, cool and smart enemies, Alucard (yeah!) and some RPG elements.The game isn't really a RPG, you have some RPG elements like level up and skills, but you can't change weapon or buy things, like I said, this isn't a SOTN. But give it a try.The graphics also could be better, but this is a port, a Nintendo 3DS game ported to PC, so, we can't expect more than that.Also the game have a great compatibility with xbox controller.The history could be better, but it's ok...Primeiramente este jogo não é um SOTN. O jogo é impressionante de qualquer forma. Eu não posso dizer porque eu não dei nota máxima para este jogo, senão seria spoiler, mas o jogo é muito bom, tem muito puzzle e os inimigos são espertos, defendem os golpes, contra-atacam, etc. O jogo não é um RPG, possui alguns elementos como level up e magias mas você não compra e equipa armas por exemplo.Os gráficos poderiam ser melhores, mas este jogo foi feito originalmente para Nintendo 3DS, este é um port do jogo, ou seja, não se pode esperar muita coisa de um jogo para portátil em questão de gráfico.O jogo possui uma boa compatibilidade com o controle do xbox.A história poderia ser melhor, mas tudo bem..."
,Recommended,282530,14696310,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Breaking wind in battle,"I never played any other Castlevania game before. This one was my first.Still i like action games, platformers, action puzzles and adventures and a few rpg games...This one combines almost all the above! The graphics are not bad, dialogues are 'cool', the story also is 'cool' (in a good manner of course), the controlls feel excellent and are not very confusing although they seem to be in the beginning! I've never seen the nintendo version of the game but it cant be that good, due to hardware limitation of the console.So if you find the game on sales, then you should consider buying it! It certainly worths your time, even in full price and has some replayability value, but someone more familiar with castlevania series should write for that.'Amateurs' like me, and 'not hardcore players' of the series will love this one for sure.It may be hard from times to times, but i finished it in about 10 hours, which makes it abit short! Still there are many secrets to unlock (so there's the value of replaying it!), and i will find them for sure.Epilogue: Buy it."
76561198028719615,Recommended,282530,10086275,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Battlebuddy,"Great game, love the atmosphere and the music, it's reminds me alot of Castlevania 64 on the N64, mixed together with some Lament of Innocence on the PS2, but all packed into a side-scroller. I would definitely recommend to anyone familiar with the series or a fan of dark side-scrollers."
76561198039913805,Recommended,282530,10089201,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Albondigor,"Exelente game as a Symphony of the night fan, it was pretty cool. Good gameplay, scenarios, bossfights."
76561197969372390,Recommended,282530,9881563,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,mr. nails,"Absolutey fantastic game!  Not sure what all the negativity was about.  Outstanding graphics, great gameplay, top notch story telling, old school 2-D sidescrolling and DRACULA!  For anyone that wants a run down on the Dracula story should play this game.  The story tells you about the whole Belmont family and how it all goes down.  If you finish the game at 100% you get one more cut scene that pays homage to the original NES Castlevania.  Took me about 14 hours to beat this at 100% and it was well worth it.  Grabbing all the powerups, full health and magic meters and ammo is fun and it does help out (though you don't need 100% to beat the game).  A must play for any Castlevania/Dracula fan!!!  10/10"
76561197970143667,Recommended,282530,10154311,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,illusivemen,"This sheet is pretty fun, because you get to smack some draculas around."
76561197982176114,Recommended,282530,9882813,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,khrul,If you love old school Castlevainia and Old school Metroid then get this game!
76561197973481972,Recommended,282530,9891621,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,JoeDjN,"A flawed but enjoyable metroidvania game, recommended for fans of lords of shadow (the prequel)"
76561198082070309,Recommended,282530,10056826,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,BlackHorizons,"This Castlevania episode brings me back to the glory of Symphony of the Night, i've found again the sensation of fear and wonder i've missed so much in last Castlevania games. It's a page completely written in gothic language, as i wanted it. The player (beginner and pro) will need 5 min to learn the ruleset and the use of windows like inventory, abilities and global map; after those 5 mins (or even less) it is pure action.Recommended to everyone, no exceptions.If you usually spend time like me to contemplate the enviroment you will love it!"
,Recommended,282530,10181806,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Key of Serenity,"Continuing from the excellent Lords of Shadow, Mirror of Fate combines classic Castlevania exploration and atmosphere with the action-oriented gameplay that the new series is known for. Bolstered by competent voice acting from Robert Carlyle, Richard Madden, and Alec Newman, and featuring a dark and moody soundtrack, Mirror of Fate draws players again into the immersive world established by the previous game. Gorgeous graphics and frantic boss battles also do a good job of getting players on the hype train for Lords of Shadow 2."
,Recommended,282530,10182416,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,father_dragon_barragan2008,There's actually 2 games I never really grew out of that originally started on Nintendo. Castelvania just happens to be one of those games. Zelda is the other one. I like this game and all the Castelvania games in the Saga. If you like upgraded games of the original then you'll like this one.
,Recommended,282530,9830654,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,fartbird,"The second entry in the Lords of Shadow franchise, in my opinion, seems much more direct and tends to fix a couple of the flaws introduced in the first game. However, part of this could be due to the fact that this game is a different beast from the first. Like in my first review of Lords of Shadow, I'll go over the pros and cons.Pros:-By far the biggest pro, in my opinion, is that this game feels much more in-line with earlier Castlevania titles outside of the Lords of Shadow franchise. It tries to be Symphony of the Night, and while it doesn't reach the caliber of that game, I do appreciate how the game takes notes from it and tries to incorporate aspects of it and even improves on it in a few regards, mainly giving you a better sense of direction and is much more plot-driven, which is probably the Lords of Shadow series' strongest point.-Unlike the last game, combat seems to be much less tedious and boring. They did away with the optional moves you have to unlock, and now you unlock them by levelling up, which is amuchbetter decision. I also think they managed to make the magic system introduced in the first game have much better use in combat here, which was a gripe in my first review.-I understand this game was originally on the 3DS, and that shows in this port. However, looking at it from the context of the 3DS, the graphics manage to stand up pretty well in that regard.-I touched on it a bit earlier but I can't stress it enough: they made this game wayyyyyyyy less of a ""where the ♥♥♥♥ do I go"" game which the first LoS suffered from.-The nonlinearity ofsomeparts of the game is a nice touch. Again, props for trying to be Symphony.And now, for the bad:Cons-Trying to be Symphony. While this is a noble thing to do, I feel this game is trying to do ittoo hard.I'm going to mark this as a minor complaint though, since it is a good idea to try to be like a well-known and loved entry in the Castlevania series. I just feel the game could have accomplished more if it didn't stick to that too much.-While the battle system is much improved and actually more fun this time around, the pacing still seems to be a bit of an issue. Again, I feel it is much more improved than the first game, but it still bothers me a bit. Luckily it's much easier to skip seemingly ""forced"" battles. That's another mark off from this game, is that ittriesto force you into a battle, but it is possible to skip. It's nice to have the option to run away from a battle, at least. (Note: I'm referring to cannon fodder enemies, of course you can't skip boss battles.)-Progression. I will say that I haven't beaten this game yet, and I've gotten to Act III. What Icansay is that I know Act III is a little bit unnecessary, at least from a story standpoint, and maybe from a bit of a gameplay standpoint. It seems to me they got it mixed up from a story standpoint. Act IIIreallyshould be Act I, with toned down difficulty, and then Act I or II could happen from that point on. It almost feels like filler.-Graphics, from a PC standpoint, are rather lackluster. You can definitely tell it's a 3DS game on a PC, and that's a bit of a disappointment. It would've been nice if they cleaned things up a bit for the PC port, but as it stands, I don't find graphics to really impact my enjoyment of a game, so I will consider this one a minor complaint as well.Overall, I'd say this game faresbetterthan Lords of Shadow, as far as fun and enjoyment. Of course it still has problems, even some lingering from LoS, but I would rather play this over LoS. If you're a hardcore oldschool Castlevania fan and you want to play a LoS game, I would say just stick to this one since it seems much more in-line with how the oldschool games did things, while experimenting on being its own separate thing."
,Recommended,282530,9963617,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,LuizSpec,"Buy launches Mercury Steam? NEVER AGAIN!The developer took almost a month to fix an emergency bug  (which happens after many hours of play) and still had not repaired completely, because it, I had to play the game from the beginning again. After I finished the game, the developer has released the fix to repair the corrupted saves, a month later ... Too late!Good game, bad developer.Score: 8---- Português (BR) ----Comprar lançamentos da Mercury Steam? NUNCA MAIS!A desenvolvedora levou quase um mês para consertar um bug emergencial (que acontece após muitas horas de jogo) e mesmo assim não havia consertado por completo, por causa disso tive que jogar o jogo desde o começo novamente. Depois que terminei o jogo, a desenvolvedora lançou o fix para reparar os saves corrompidos, um mês depois... Tarde demais!Bom jogo, desenvolvedora ruim.Nota: 8"
,Recommended,282530,26393718,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,"Revolver ""Shalashaska"" Ocelot™",A great 2d Metroidvania-like game! Great for beginning vampire hunters.
,Recommended,282530,25864765,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Oz,"It's October and time to break out the darker games....Took me a while to get back into this one because I didn't have an Xbox controller... until now.  Trying to play this with keyboard and mouse is just a no go.  Too clunky and poor response time make the controller a must.After beating the thing I'm left feeling... MEH.It's very ""on the rails"" type of game.  Exploration isn't really.  It's poking your head into nooks and crannies while travelilng along a very linear path....  Aaaand that's what killed it for me.  There wasn't an epic feeling to the Castle at all... it felt ... MEH.Buy it on sale, but don't expect SotN... not even close."
76561198094467164,Recommended,282530,29922874,Posted: 14 February,all,✪ FokerPace,"1. Story was good, i mean this game just gives you simple understandable cutscene and its good storytelling between castlevania: lords of shadow and castlevania: lords of shadow 22. Gameplay was just 2d or 2.5d version of castlevania: lords of shadow and i kinda liked it3. I didn't like graphic but if its graphic was like its cutscene it would be awesome imo.4. You know what? Most awesome thing of this game is its soundtracks, i just loved it, they gives you eargasm, i mean if u hear those soundtracks somewhere it gives you imagination of darker castle, bats, some demonic creatures, Simon, Alucard and especially Gabriel /Dracula/.So i can give this game 7/10"
,Recommended,282530,25382408,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Dandy,"Mirror of fate takes the place of cvIII-cvi-SoTN in the lords timeline, it merges all three stories into one that serves the plot, and the plot is this: your protagonist just became the antagonist of castlevania and now you must play as simon- an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, trevor- a bigger ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and alucard- the reason you're playing the game in the first place.along the way you'll suplex werewolves, ♥♥♥♥♥slap undead abominations, stick your combat cross down a giant bat's throat, drink the blood of vampires, ride giant insects who use naked she-ghouls as a lure to attract prey, and most important of all, get the answers to one very important question ""Why is dracula being evil? did he seriously kill his own son?""Pretty much the draw for this game is uncovering drac's motivations, you spent enough time with him in lords of shadow to know he's not just some bad guy, he's actually a really badass holy warrior who put satan in a chokehold while sermoning him (this is a thing that happens in the game) but then this game happens and leaves you with that very important question: ""why?""fortunately it's one big ♥♥♥♥ing thrill ride as you make your way though three versions of castlevania in order to uncover these answers.just....be ready for some serious feels by the end...then for the rest of the secondary playthrough as a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥you ignored in the background suddenly adds to the ending you saw and suddenly the entire game is cast in a very new, very sad light.but ♥♥♥♥ all that noise, YOU GET TO FIGHT DRACULA!!! YEAH!! BELMONT TIME!! TIME TO MAKE....the....the...make the castle...fall....oh god....I need a tissue....I think i'm gonna ♥♥♥♥ing cry...."
,Recommended,282530,10845849,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Geeman79,"Finished this game on normal difficulty. Really, really great game if you like Metroidvania games. Hardcore difficulty is unlocked after finishing the game on normal which hides all of the items on the map. Well worth a second play through on Hardcore. Absolutely loved this game."
,Recommended,282530,11061461,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Lehmann,"6.5/10I love Casltevania SotN and I missed playing with old Alucard, if you wanna know a bit more about his origins, this game is for you :)Pro's-3 playable characters- Combat is not bad- Much better than the first Lord of ShadowsCon's- Castle is almost linear to explore- Not very fluid as a platform game- Not really a fan of the graphics (pixel art PLEASE)"
,Recommended,282530,9657472,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Kain Klarden,"Mirror of Fate is a curious beast. While I didn't like first Lords of Shadow all that much, apart from the stunning visual design and an intriguing, but porrly told story, its 2D sequel/side-story feels an improvement in almost every way. It's like most of the best things and few of the bad things from LoS put together in a 2D action adventure RPG platformer.While it does noticable, that the game was originally designed for portable devices with smaller screens and not very powerful hardware, MercurySteam still managed to create a very pretty game, which looks good even on big screen. There's less variety and chance for the artists to fully reveal their talant, where the game wants to look gothic and beautiful, it does it very well. Music, which was good, but slightly lost in desire to be ""cinematic"" in the original, felt more memorable and interesting here.Fighting system is almost identical to the one from LoS, which means, that unlike many older 2D Castlevania games, there are not a *lot* of enemies on levels, but each enemy presents more challenge and a specific approach. I felt, that the fighting system actually felt more responsive and better working in 2D, than it did in full 3D in LoS, but maybe that's just me. Also, since there are 3 playable characters (+1 one in the prologue), each one has his own set of magic, secondary items and other helpful things or upgrades, which makes gameplay with each character a bit different, including the way you fight enemies.Big change from the original portable version of the game lies in the (welcome) removal of almost all QTE/button mashing sequences, which, sadly, also has a small negative. There are a few sequences and, technically, a boss battle, which works completely in QTE and with them being almost completely absent elsewhere, these sequences feel very alien and more of a weird annoyance, than anything else. But other than that, removal of QTEs and ""mash the button to do a simple thing"" moments is really nice.Biggest complaint I might have with the game is, surprisingly, the camera - something that, you'd think, cannot go wrong in a 2D sidescrolling game. Sadly, there are some weird choices - like chase sequences, where camera shows you more of where you came from, not where you're going and when you need to jump until the very last moment. Or the fact, that during the fights camera tries to helpfuly pan to the side, where the enemies are, and if there are enemies from different sides it tends to lead to hits from off-camera or player not being able to see some enemy at all.Another complaint is almost ironic to voice. While I felt that Lords of Shadow should've been cut at least in half, that it was agonizingly long with lots of pointless padding, Mirror of Fate feels short. There are characters and threads that feel underdeveloped, some things are there probably just to tease Lords of Shadow 2 (which I haven't yet played) and, more importantly for a more Symphony of the Night-like Castlevania game, running around and exploring is so fun and exciting, and there's not enough of it. So while I hate the argument of judging the game by the time it takes to complete, I do wish Mirror of Fate has been longer, but quality longer, not padding longer. And when I feel that I can't get enough of a game, that probably means that I like it a lot. Quite a lot indeed."
,Recommended,282530,9664066,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,huxley001,"Its good...ish.  Not great.  Worth playing, but maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,282530,9687994,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,viewtifulguy,"this game goes back to the old style of castlevania and reminds me very much of SOTN and castlevania 3 as in you have 3 characters you play as in certain Acts, really don't know why it had negative reviews as it is a good entry into the lords of shadow trilogy, fully recommended"
,Recommended,282530,12245064,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Leo - Joga,"Mais um game da mercurysteam que eu gostei muito. Nã0 é um jogo grande, mas tem belos gráficos, boa história, desafio na medida certa e um lindo boss rush. Se você é daqueles que joga tudo no easy, lembre que no hardcore o desafio é real. Tem de 20 a 30 horas de jogo se for fazer 100%. Não comprei pelo full price porque não estou podendo agora, mas vale os 28 reais. Esperando uma boa hora para comprar o castlevania 2 e seus DLCs."
,Recommended,282530,9654738,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,loryka,"Well I must say, Have at you! A very nice port from the nintendo DS platform. The graphics are good although not LoS quality but very close. The voice acting is decent and the game play well. Thats the best part its like playing a normal side scrolling Castlevania game. I have been stuck on DS titles such as portrait of ruin, dawn of sarrow and order of ecclesia (ecclesia is a total nightmare) and this was great to come to steam for the price. Its a good game so far. I have no complaints and I will wait till I have completed this title before either adding more to this review or completly trashing the game. As a huge fan of the franchise and play all titles except for judgement and the nintendo 64 game I am overwhelmed with joy to have been able to get this for 10 dollars. The DS verison used is still 20+ bucks HA. You start out as simon on a quest (pun intended) and are in search of anwsers, fueled by rage so far the game is a lovely addition to my steam library and castlevania titles alike. If your a fan of the games get this when you can afford to get it. Will update the review when i complete the game solid 8/10 I have issues with cell shaded cut scenes...but thats just my thoughts."
76561198036167614,Recommended,282530,9649604,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Struggler,"This is a wonderful port of the original 3DS adventure. It's not a groundbreaking entry in the series, and it ultimately serves as a bridge from the original Lords of Shadow game to the second. However, this is a great example of what could be with a full-fledged, ""metroid-vania"" on next-gen consoles and perhaps PC (hopefully). If you comapre this game side-by-side with the other two LoS games, you might end up a little disappointed; this game should be viewed as a 'special entry' in the series as it was originally created for a handheld.That said, it's still massively fun and looks gorgeous. Mirror of Fate is going to play in the vein of an old-school Castlevania with a new combat system implemented. There are a few QTEs that serve as a 'finishing move' and/or big boss battle sequences, but they aren't relied on so much that it hinders gameplay or becomes monotonous. The puzzle aspect of the game is prominent and there are some puzzles that will have you thinking for a bit, but there's really nothing that should stump anyone. Another difference in the core of this game that sets it apart from the other two is the leveling system, wherein instead of upgrading with a point system, you'll gain experience and be rewarded with a predetermined skill.All in all, it's a nice Casltevania throwback adventure, but after all is said and done, it leaves me with a wanting for a more fleshed out adventure in a 'true HD' entry in the series. Mercury Steam has done a fantastic job in proving that the Castlevnaia name doesn't have to be confined to the 2D realm. But now they've teased us with what could be in a pseudo-3D side-scrolling adventure, and I want more! Before that happens though, this is a great rendition.NOTE: I've beaten the original on the 3DS, but am still playing the PC version."
76561198119525316,Recommended,282530,13063860,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,danoteck,"Fun game, excellent Castlevania story. A little simplistic, but over all fun."
,Recommended,282530,9648507,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Magnus Vlad Tepez,"Even though the gameplay itself seems stiff and somewhat short, I feel that the combination of stories from various castlevania games as well as the gothic-comic art style completely makes up for it.The game looks amazing and it makes a great basis of what castlevania is about for those who are just getting into the series.I recommend this to everyone, ESPECIALY those looking for a good place to start the franchise."
76561198141332572,Not Recommended,282530,23573058,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,intronaut,"Bland, repetitive, and stripped of nearly everything that makes Castlevania engaging and interesting. Just listen to the music - that dull, unremarkable soundtrack is about as inspired as the rest of the game.On the bright side, enemies are appropriately grotesque, environments don't look all that bad, and the game is pretty short. The first Lords of Shadow is far better, which is saying something considering how many low points that game had."
76561198142624105,Recommended,282530,25228455,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Strider,a great game which narrates the story before the lords of shadow 2 :D
76561197975895891,Recommended,282530,14666889,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,-[c-unit]- dark-crow,Great game. Everything was fine and this game gave me much more than I expected. Can't say anything negative about it. Had much more fun with this game than Lords of Shadows 2.
,Not Recommended,282530,16014094,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TechnoWolf,"- Graphics :Hmm. Well it's not ugly but not incredible. It's an HD rescaling of a 3DS game... easy on the eye, but nothing incredible. Also, it's confined in Dracula's Castle, so there's not that much variety in terms of environment.- Sound & Musics :Very good voice acting, musics are alright. Nothing extraordinary though.- Gameplay :Again, it comes from a 3DS game, so it's more barebone than the original Lords of Shadow. It still is kind of nice, although having three campaigns with always the same weapons kinda make sitting through the whole game a bore... and that to me is the biggest problem with this game.- Storytelling :I would say it's important to understand the event of LoS 2 if there wasn't a big recap in that last game. It's somewhat interesting... but nothing very motivating.- Length :I'd say the length's okay with the three campaigns, but after doing that there's not much else to do : you got the boss rush mode which I never tried because... I didn't really enjoyed any bossfights, they all seemed ""meh"" to me. On a go I could see the reason for this game's existence, but on PC... well...CONCLUSION :You may want to pass on this one unless you're a big fan of the first LoS game, or maybe take it on sale. As for the full price release, well it's not over expensive for what it is, but I think it's a pretty boring game and, frankly, not that useful in the story department. So I won't recommend it for people who disliked the first LoS game or at full price."
76561197992229015,Recommended,282530,34720139,Posted: 3 September,all,Dire,"Mirror of Fate or ""How do I annoy the player the most and not letting him skip cutscenes and camera drives""...seriously annoying.The game itself tries to bridge the gap between Lords of Shadow 1 and 2 (or probably was created before LoS 2 was released or even a concept, I don't know). In any case it follows the story of Gabriel's son and grandson. You will play as three different characters. Each character has unique abilities and has his own act. Expect backtracking, skill unlocks and collectables. The game was originally developed for handhelds I think and the graphics engine is obviously a step back. Why they opted for a cell shaded look in cutscenes only, is beyond me however.Contrary to LoS 1 this game plays strictly on a 2D plane and to be honest that alleviates pretty much most of the issues with the first game, as weird as they may sound. The camera won't♥♥♥♥♥♥around, combat is more straight forward, blocking now actually works easier without constantly rolling and special abilities as well as combos are simpler to use and actually do make a difference.Traversing the terrain is relatively straight forward, once you got used to the wonky animations that make it seem like you've missed every jump. It's definitely not a shiny game and the story lacks emotion...hell, there's barely any story here anyway.I would get this for a discount, personally, but 12 bucks isn't insanely high for a 8-10 hour experience if you want to clear it all. Took me 8 hours on easy for 84% or so. Higher difficulties will certainly make combat more challenging (though most enemies aren't really dangerous and I'm not sure why the Y move (area attack) was included in the game other than for some combos which require it. You've also got access to a boss rush mode, once you finish the game and the bosses are actually pretty fun."
,Recommended,282530,25343330,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Dozenbeer,"Its not Symphony of the Night 2, but its also not a bad game at all.Pros:+ controls feel good, sometimes the jumping is floaty and not 100% precise, but it is never gamebreaking or anything+ the game is mainly linear, with optional backtracking if you want all health and magic upgrades. I really like it better that way+ challenging boss battles+ they toned down the QTEs by a lot. You can clearly see in the cutscenes that they were designed to be QTEs, but they changed them in the PC version to just be cutscenes. (There are some QTEs left, but they are all fitting in my opinion)+ the fighting system is also very basic, which is great, you are going to spam the best combo anyway, why not just make it simple? You get various attacks but never too much and complicated+ many powerups and items that are fun to use+ little spoiler ahead about a game mechanic:you play as more than one character+ it took me 10 hours to play through+ the difficulty is great, not too easy, not too hard - once you beat the game you can play on extreme+ the artstyle is still true to the Castlevania franchise+ it runs very smooth, with no bugs or crashes, solid framerate+ the story was never something I looked forward for in a Castlevania title, but here it is acceptable and not as boring as the other titles in the series+ interesting puzzles and leveldesignCons:- since this is a port of a Nintendo handheld console the resolution is somewhat messed up. 1080p in fullscreen is strechted and you have black bars or a letterbox. Maybe something with the scaling- there are a little bit too much trial and error parts, where you constantly have to die unless you know 100% the specific pattern- although the soundtrack fits the mood and atmosphere of the game, it is not that kickass metal/rock soundtrack I would have expected- in many areas you can just completely ignore the enemies in the game- enemies drop exp but its completely unneccessary to farm them or kill them, as they drop so little , that it does not matter. You gather the most exp from pick ups in specific spots. The combos you get from leveling up, also didnt matter that much. I only used the standard combo on the final boss and still beat him.I liked the game. I dont think its particularly standing out in the genre, as there are way better games than Castlevania nowadays. But its still a solid game that was fun with interesting puzzles and bosses."
76561198055693421,Recommended,282530,26358025,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dross,Great game.  Screams Castlevania - SOTN with new twists.  I love it!
,Recommended,282530,30314117,Posted: 4 March,all,Sterling,"I'm a long time Castlevania fan, and while I have issues with the whole 'Lords of Shadow' storyline, it's fine considering it as an alt+universe idea. It's a solid game. Bosses were challenging. It has everything a 2D-Castlevania ought to have if you were a fan of the handheld series."
76561198045234824,Recommended,282530,29473368,Posted: 24 January,all,sascomander,"So this is my second ever Castlevania game my first being Lords of Shadow one. Now I bought all 3 of the Castlevania games that are on steam after watching a Lament of the Innocence Lets play. The Dark fantasy setting of that game got me interested in Castlevnia.So this game is a side scroller game that has been ported from the Nintendo DS and given better graphics. I didnt know this was a side scroller when I bought it. The screenshots and the fact the game isnt using 2d pixel style graphics made me think it was like the first lords of shadow game.SpoilersThe game seems to all take place in and around the big castle from the first lords of shadow game. I believe this is supposed to harkon back to older castlevania compared to the first lords of shadow that took you around a linear but large map with multiple locations.The gameplay is the same as the first lords of shadow for the most part accept you are on a 2d plane. Lots of press X and Y with jumping. A lot of the spells are the same.Now you get to play 4 different characters well 2.5 in reality. So for the prologue you get to play as is Gabriel Belmont. In this 1 real mission you play as him you fight multiple enmaies that dont really appear later accept for the boss at the end of the level.Next we have Simon Belmost who isnt really a Knight like most of the characters in the game as being more of a Barbarian as he doesnt have any form of plate armor on and the throwing axe says something about Barbarians.Third and Fourthly we have Alucard/Trevor Belmont. You play as him first as a Vampire then later see how he became a Vampire.So I enjoyed the game overall but there was some really annoying and bad spots in the game. Like this weird marry go round that you have to duck and dodge for a set time. This doesnt seem like to much of a problem accept if you get hit once it I found it can hit you again right when your character is in his getting up animation basically stun locking you. I would say this mary go round is the hardest boss in the game. Just because you cant kill it just dodge it.Next is Steam, Steam comming out of walls is possibly the hardest hitting thing in the game. Gaben must be the most powerful being in this games universe as I have been killed more by steam then by any monster in the game. Daemon lord , has a mere once of the power of the steam.Fall damage is inconsistant sometimes you can fall from a great hight and take no damage , sometimes you can fall and just take a little damage, other times you can fall and it just instantly kills you.Input lag? Sometimes I noticed that I would press a button and the actoin would not play especially if I needed to do multiple things gast. Like jump , using the grappling hook. It happened a few times I would press the button and nothing. Mostly this would happen on parts that had instant death if you didnt do something perfectly.Instant deaths. My god is there so many spots that just result in instant death for nothing pressing a button perfectly during a quick time event. Sometimes I would press the button like mentioned above but it wouldnt register.Grabing ledges doesnt look good sometimes you will jump to a ledge and miss it but it will slide you to the ledge. Not really a problem but it doesnt look good.It doesnt fit the screen. Like I set it to 1080P what my screen is but I noticed I had the black bars at the edges of my screen. This isnt a big problem just something I never liked.7/10 is my final score. Cool story sort of and interesting Dark Fantasy with Christian overtones."
,Recommended,282530,9674844,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Phantom Symphony,Last boss battle is more satisfying than Lords of Shadow 2
76561197966869625,Recommended,282530,10133927,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Mr.Buds,LOVE IT WAS HELLA FUN!
76561197973865945,Recommended,282530,10114026,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Tiffany_Rye,"As a huge fan of the Castlevania series dating all the way back to when I first played the Original on the NES. Like mostt I am not a fan of the current lets copy God of war style that is Lords of Shadow. However this game you really dont need to have played those to enjoy it.first what I like about the game.Great story that will have any castlevania nerd such as myself fanboying all over. The fact you can play not only as Simon and Trevor Belmont but Alucard as well is aweswome.The graphics and art styleI love the whole 3d/2d graphics and the game very much feels like Symphony of the night metroidvania style exploration. the cell shading cut scenes are impressive as wellConsIf you dont have a xbox wired controller good luck trying to get yours to work.After hours of trying to get my usb controller to work I gave up, The keyboard is playable but with a game liek this you really need a controller.No mouse support what so ever and for a pc game thats just lazy. That goes for the menus as well which you need to navigate via the keyboard."
76561198006309489,Recommended,282530,9658183,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Lazerous Maximus,A necromancer pretended to be drapes.  Would be ambushed again.
76561198012301706,Recommended,282530,9710516,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Asher,"I went into this game expecting VERY little, but was pleasently surprised, even enjoying it more than LoS.  The gameplay is very much LoS on a 2D plane using 3 characters who admitedly have very little differences outside of magic powers and subweapons, but the combat feels a little more gratifying (at least to me) without the extra dimension.  I can't recommend this game to people who werent wowed with LoS or LoS2 if they skipped ahead, and it certainly won't please the Metroidvania purist, but if you temper your expecation, you might be wowed by some of the boss/character designs and lovely architecture."
76561197961522025,Recommended,282530,9767932,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Weltron,This game was great! Now I've never really played much of the old-school castlevania but i was looking for a refreshing sidescroller with lots of action and adventure and this was perfect! Get this if you are looking for a fun 2d/3d platformer with god of war style cutscenes and lots of fun combos!
76561198003888260,Recommended,282530,10658953,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,nomad,"A true masterpiece!!! For everyone that loves side scrolling games this is a must have. The story is great, the gameplay is amazing, the bosses are well thought battleing, a few puzzles that won't give you much headache, breathtaking artstyle, what can I say more...A must have!"
76561198048411327,Recommended,282530,9802399,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Der-ShadowFax,"I started playing this game, and couldn't stop. I recommend to start with Lords of Shadow first, as this is a proper sequel."
,Recommended,282530,9710138,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Guillo,For all the Fan of the Old school 2-D / 3-D... Its a Must!
,Recommended,282530,9744653,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,SnAkE,"Good game, I really liked how they mixed the original castlevania gameplay with the Lords of shadow mechanics.It plays really well, the combat is satisfying and the graphics are pretty good.There are 3 (well 4 if you count the first 10 minutes) playable characters, but they are practicly the same with different abilities.Story wise is fun to see the bridge between los 1 and 2 being created and i'm really glad they ported this to pc.loved it.8/10"
,Recommended,282530,9748339,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"This 7 hours - side scrolling single player Castlevania game is alright.There are some that would/could hate on it, but I actually thought it was average and on par with many of the side scroller Indie-games for about the same price.I'll start with what I didn't like.  The core problem with the game is the combat drawn out.  While it has a lot of moves (same moves as the 3D platformer Lords of Shadow), they are too slow/drawn out for a good side scroller action game.   So you start swinging and beating the monster to a pulp, but it attacks while being attacked and moves more quickly than you can stop attacking.*You can take it slow and avoid this from ever happening.However the combat is the main crutch of the game and the main flaw.  If the movement, combat, and cancel attack was faster w/faster monsters.  It could be Great!   The other bad thing... a bit too many ledges and jumping areas.  Not hard, just time consuming.I did however enjoy the boss fights a lot and the levels were fun to look at, even if they are lower rez textures.  You get to play as three different chars (even thought they fight the same), and it is not a bad story since it is simple and holds enough to be a little interesting.A step in the right direction, but feels like an Indie-side scroller/platformer than a Konami game.  If the combat was faster/more responsive, this would have been a blast, but instead its average at best."
,Recommended,282530,10853031,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Failcaptain,Classic Castlevania gameplay. Was feeling nostalgic and picked this up. Worth every penny. 5/5
,Recommended,282530,9712645,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,The Moody Welshman,"So far SO MUCH FUN!This game received a lot of negative press for its DS version, however it seems the HD remake is something of a triumph.The voice acting is...well...let's just say you won't be blown away, and witnessing Simon Belmont's comical ""...DAMN IT! >:("" may leave you snickering for quite some time.However, the game itself (so far) seems rediculously fantastic. As a person who's not usually fond of side-scrolling games, this has blown me away. The combat is a lot of fun, as you level up you unlock new moves/combos and EVERY single one has a use. The boss fights are insanely entertaining, although a little frustrating, a challenge is never a bad thing.I have found myself getting a little lost here and there, not noticing ledges I can jump up to and instead running around the lower floor looking for an exit. More than likey my own fault for simply not looking hard enough.Graphics are perfectly decent for the game, although strangely I found a few places in the game left me with some irritating lag...I'm not sure if this game should be run on a certain screen resolution or something, maybe the transfer from DS to PC hasn't been PERFECTED, even so, it's a minor hinderance and not a huge deal.No rating yet, as I'm only about 20% through the game, looking forward to whipping my way through the other 80%!"
,Recommended,282530,19497606,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jacowboy,"This game is FANTASTIC!!! It does everything right... So yeah, it's a 3DS port or something, but it's a rather full experience, with lots of content and GREAT gameplay... It's like a perfect combination of old-school feeling and modern game design.Also, one I thing I love is that it doesn't have a million active keys like a lot of modern brawlers... Yes, there's quite a few but you can find a nice comfy set up on a keyboard so you don't need to worry about mis-clicking and finding the damn keys. That to me is a plus, since it's a problem which has really ruined a lot of other similar games.Anyways, for a port, it has, not only a lot of content, but a lot of extras and settings, which is good. Plus a very good menu with a list of moves and combos and enemies (and their info/weakness). It's really a very solid complete package. The game keeps it fresh by giving you 3 acts with a different hero each, albeit with similar attacks, but varied enough so it'll keep you happily progressing through. I haven't played any of the other Lord of Shadow games, so I'm not too aware of the universe's story, but the game did a competent job of introducing all characters and making the story understandable for a noob.If I have one ""complaint"" it's that the graphics are obviously not as pretty as other PC games... But they're not jarring  either, in fact they're quite nice for a port (hence the quotations marks on ""complaint""), I just kinda wish they made use of the full PC capacities, because as it is, it's pretty sweet, so imagine what could've been =PDefinetly recommended if you think you'd enjoy an old-school brawler spirit with a modern twist game. My 12 year old would've KILLED to play a game like this back then... xD"
,Not Recommended,282530,22904113,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,thainen,"Long ago there was a great game series called Castlevania. It featured large open levels with lots of space for exploration, hardcore 2d action, memorable characters, cheesy-but-still-cool gothic atmosphere.That series is dead. There hasn't been a proper metroidvania in it for aeons. The game we are looking at now is Castlevania's dead, empty husk, an unholy mockery of once great series, rotten inside, yet still moving, animated by evli marketing wizardry.The game plays like an insult towards everyone who loves metroidvania. Yes, it does feature getting upgrades, backtracking and searching for secrets. However, the game is divided into three chapters, each one so small that it becomes a travesty. You don't look for secrets, you just get the available power-ups, then go back to collect the previously unreachable chests. Other than that parody of metroidvania backtracking, the game is linear, moving from level to level.The gameplay is basic and mindless: timed blocks and other feints are useless, you just button mash your enemies into oblivion. Puzzles are either rudmentary or tedious. Platforming parts are so easy they can be completed blindfolded. The story is an over-the-top fake-dramatic sausagefest: ""you killed my mother! Also, you're my father! Also, *I*'m *his* father! Also, you killed *his* mother! Also, NOOOOOOO"". Dialogues are written so badly that I don't even blame the voice actors for sounding like they are falling asleep reading  them. Clearly, not a single person in the development team gave a bite about the game, so why should they?If you love what Castlevania used to be, avoid this soulless cash-grab. Play Ori and the Blind Fortest, Axiom Verge, Dust, Shantae, Cave Story... Or wait for Bloodstained to come out. Don't support this flogging of a dead horse. Castlevania isn't, and will never be what it used to be, let it rest in peace."
,Not Recommended,282530,16806618,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Simms,"Castlevania Mirror of Fate is a game that has an identity crisis. It really wants to be a 2.5D God of War, but then someone told it that it has to appeal to the SoTN fans. So it attempts to do that by putting in lame level designs, repetitive puzzles, and abundant leaps of faith that have you killed often."
,Not Recommended,282530,11040924,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,exblue,"Weak 2D Platformer.Mirror of Fate is by far the worst 2D Castlevania platformer. Dull level design, uninteresting art, unmemorable music, stiff unresponsive gameplay and meaningless story. The Konami produced Nintendo DS games are far superior in every way even though they are lacking HD graphics.The game runs well with no serious issues and is best played with a controller."
,Not Recommended,282530,10030869,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Laodecia,"Those looking for even a small glimmer of Symphony of the Night, don't bother. The negative reviews will do you more justice than the positive. Simply being better than the last game doesn't justify a postive review for this game."
76561198068730724,Recommended,282530,23355926,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,forestever,"The game play are excellent. If you are a hack-and-slash fans, you should buy this game."
76561197993394667,Recommended,282530,13318147,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Berserker,"It's pretty solid, i haven't finished it yet, But im far in and can say. It's Metrovania at it's best!And it fills the Cap between the first and de second Game very good and in a diffrent style aswell!Buy it! it's worth every penny"
76561198004145760,Not Recommended,282530,21575623,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Avenger8,"Looks good, plays like a sub standard platformer. I expect more from a Castlevania game. Might be ok for a no name game but I was definitely disappointed in the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,282530,23505866,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Talkoon,Game controls can be a bit finiky and the enemies take too many hits to take down. Just doens't feel like a castlevania game. Feels like they wanted to borrow a few too many mechanics from the God of War series. Pretty disapointing.
,Recommended,282530,24067834,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,fujiewaranosai,"I'm use to the old school castlevanias, however this was a refreshing twist on the gameplay and design. Much more story/puzzled based than combat which was different but a cool switch. Would recommend to fans of the series."
,Recommended,282530,19805573,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Pakkidis,"Mirror of FateRating: 7/10Overview: 2D Action/PlatformerThe Good:+ The story takes place between Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 1 and 2 focusing on the adventures of Simon, Trevor and Alucard. Each character has their own light and dark spells.+ The combat is identical to Lords of Shadow, I really enjoyed the combat system so I felt really at ease getting use to the mechanics again.+ Collectables to upgrade your character providing incentive to backtrack through previously played levels+ Boss battles are fun and challenging. Boss designs are really well done.+ Boss rush mode allows you to fight  every boss back to back.+ SoundtrackThe Average:+ The graphics do look like a 3DS port. The graphics are not bad but low polygons and low res textures hurt the overall look and aesthetic of the game.+ I found the platforming to be a bit 'floaty'. Jumping near a ledge would automatically place your character on it. It never feels as precise as it be.Conclusion:This game is not a typical metroidvania game. You play with three separate characters each with their own level layout and the majority of the level layout is linear. Backtracking is only necessary if you want all the collectables. IF you love 2D action platformers, this is a great game to pick up, it is not as polished as other games in the genre but if you can pick this up at discount then I think you will enjoy yourself."
,Recommended,282530,25034972,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,wuzizname,"Surprised by this, never heard of it before. It wasn't the best Castlevania game but I enjoyed it a lot. Good action / platformer with some decent puzzles."
76561198021757575,Recommended,282530,9659097,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,Classic Old School Castelvania..The Best!!A Must Own Indeed!!Go To Hell No Wait Hell Is Too..Good For You VAN HELSING...You Be Good An Go To Heaven..Sux It Van Helsing!!
,Recommended,282530,29736795,Posted: 5 February,all,Draculascastle1,"Now I know that Lords of Shadow doesn't bring Castlevania justice, but Mirror of Fate is an exellent rebel in that series. I first bought it on 3ds and loved every aspect of it. It was like bringing back an onld game like SOTN, but puting on a new 3d shine to it. It is unique, yet familiar. If you like the old metroidvania type games this one won't disappoint you. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,282530,26591445,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Zatchel,"Excellent castlevania gameThere are a lot of challenges in this game, so its easily adjustable to the difficulty of your liking, the secret areas and item collection is one of the easies in its series (specially compared to the GBA ones) but its quite satisfying.The combat is great, counters, combos, item combinations. If you really dominate the combat after some practice no boss is even going to be able to hit you. Also the reimagingin of the castlevania story is awesome, very creative and really fitting I really enjoyed it.The boss rush mode is for those looking to master the game, the challenge is HUGE!Very recommended."
76561198055499616,Recommended,282530,29809855,Posted: 9 February,all,canaan banana,A bit short with an abrupt ending but fun and easy to play
76561198116246133,Recommended,282530,16750686,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sleeping dog,"High quality platformer which includes: pleasant graphics, physics, mechanics. story, sound, controls and overall impression. Native 3D stereo video support. I wish I could play more games like this."
,Recommended,282530,9645701,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Madmerlined,"The game is definately fun if you like the original sidescrolling castlevania. One problem, no mouse support on a PC port?that's not great."
,Recommended,282530,27689204,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yavuz,I cried.
76561198002162017,Recommended,282530,16717118,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MaroK,"Since I loved the original Lords of Shadow, and I also played this when it came out on the 3DS I knew what I was buying. This game delivered everything I need from a modern game and everything I expected from a LoS direct sequel. This HD is a great improvement. It looks beautiful.First of all, I highly recommend playing LoS first, to understand the epic Vampire story.Gameplay was a blast, Castlevania LoS beat'em up combined with puzzle and old metroidvania elements, like finding secrets, shortcuts, some backtracking etc. If you love action, beautiful artstyle, little puzzle solving and a good story then this game is definitely for you. The 1st playthrought took me about 12 hours. Hardcore mode is unlocked now and so is the bossrush mode. This game is also suited for speedrunners.I think the value in this game is awesome even at full price which is like what 10 $ ?One final note : Controller not recommended, but needed ( mandatory, a must have, no discussion here ). Playing this without a controller must be a terrible experience. Don't buy this if you do not own a 360 xbox controller for the PC.9/10"
,Not Recommended,282530,17714011,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,White Shadow,"Where to begin? I'm a huge fan of the Castlevania series, although I've not played any of the Lords of Shadow games in the series until now, and Mirror of Fate was my first venture into this corner of the franchise. I knew, according from other reviews, that Lords of Shadow games are meant to be somewhat different to the rest of the series, but I was willing to give them a try to see if they captivate me.Mirror of Fate is a smaller game that links the events of LoS 1 and 2, and unlike those games, it's a sidescrolling platformer for the most part, done in 2.5D (2-dimensional play but with 3D graphics). The first thing I noticed was how dull the visuals are. Most of the areas are just brown and grey, and most of the locations are just forgetable. The music is also barely noticeable at all. Nothing sticks out. Every area just feels the same.The gameplay didn't really save it either. Most of it seemed quite repetitive to me. Enter room, fight baddies, climb a few walls, enter next room, fight more baddies, and so on. The combat doesn't know what it's trying to be. It uses the mechanics native to 3D games, such as parrying and dodging, but the whole game plays in 2D, meaning most times you have one enemy in front of you and one behind, and no matter which way you dodge, you get hit. Blocking is pointless, since you still receive tonnes of damage. So your only chance is to keep hitting the enemies and hope you kill them before your health bar depletes.I've fought a couple of bosses as well, and although they do provide some interesting combat situations, they have an overblown amount of HP, meaning you just have to chip away their enormous health bit by bit via the same technique.I eventually got stuck trying to ride an elevator platform that kept repeatedly getting destroyed by a gargoyle. After numerous unsuccessful attempts, I had to consult a walkthrough. Turns out there was some kind of a magical companion I had to find to help me with this section, except I've no idea where in the castle it is. The locations are all so boring and forgetable that it's no fun at all having to backtrack and re-explore them again (something that was fun with the previous Castlevania games). Once I've had enough exploring the same stone-grey areas, I decided to leave it there.Mirror of Fate is not a bad game, but it lacks all the charm that made the Castlevania series so good. Every single aspect of it was a step down. Visuals, music, gameplay, even atmosphere felt subpar. It's by no means comparable to the likes of Symphony of the Night and Aria of Sorrow. I am starting to think that the only thing still left of the old gold Castlevania is the name."
,Recommended,282530,17962054,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[死]TyrannoScorpioRex,i dont Rate Games that often but this Game is a Gem yes its a port but a really Good Port i Enjoyed Playing with Each character My Fav was Alucard any way for a Castlevania Fan its 9.5/10 as a Gamer i rate it 8/10 i recommend it
76561198062716482,Not Recommended,282530,23879379,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Medium Bot,"Awful map design, 6 varieties of enemes, and a very small amount of repetitive ""atmospheric' music. Nearly everything fun from Lords of Shadow 1 has been watered down and nerfed. Absolute trash."
76561198014248285,Not Recommended,282530,18688411,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SuperToads,"All the gameboy advance games are far superior to this one. Remake those Konami then ill buy some castlevania games again. This one was boring and unoriginal. The combat appears deep with all the nifty moves you unlock, but youll only ever use about 4 of them."
,Not Recommended,282530,28142241,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Vookatos,"I guess I should begin by saying that I've not played Lords of Shadow yet, and went into this game looking for a Metroidvania experience. If you're like me, I suppose you will be disappointed.The story is divided in 3 acts where you play as different characters in different (or changed from the previous chapter) maps. I suppose I can't say much about the story. I found it to be quite bland, but maybe it's better if you have more context.Still, no matter the context, your suspension of disbelief is going to be thrown out of the window with the fact that first 2 acts have different room layouts and secrets, despite the fact that they take place at the exact same time. Main characters of first two acts meet several times, yet some of the rooms you visit in both acts are changed. Terrace is a room you visit in both acts after theatre, a place where characters meet up, yet in one act it's a featureless room, and in another it's a boss fight that wrecks the place. It would be cool to see actions of one character affect other's path, yet it's only present for cutscenes. I don't get how I'm supposed to take this story seriously when it tries to do non-linear storytelling, and immediately backs down on it.Characters retain most of their their abilities from one to another, which is good, but inability to go further than few rooms back really hurts this game. You only have so many rooms to explore with only 2-3 powerups to find in a given chapter. Essentially you're not playing one metroidvania game, but several small ones.Exploration is weak, and all of the secrets are completely obvious. I really don't get why game has a guide, note system, map markers, and secret counter for each room.The map is pretty linear aside from a few shortcuts. Frankly, maps are small enough that I can understand that decision, but it still leaves a bad taste in my mouth. It might not be a small castle, but it sure feels like one.The pickups are pathetic. Most of them are bestiary pages and random notes from dead soldiers that give you exp. Lore isn't really that interesting, and aside from that, you only get chests with small boosts to your hp, mp or ammo. Again, pretty much all of them are in plain sight. I once found a secret which I thought was not documented on the secret counter, and it just turned out ot be a useless story item for later. I'm not a big fan of incredibly weird obtuce secrets, but isn't that, along with optional goodies, pretty much the point of the genre? Instead, this game is closer to original Castlevania games for NES and SNES in terms of room layout, it just sometimes asks you to go few rooms back.Compared to 2D Vanias, however, platforming feels way sloppier. It's alright, and it's not the worst, but it's no Symphony or GBA/DS games, where characters, for the most part, felt just right. You're not gonna be annoyed with stairs that cripple your abilities, but you're also not going to have a blast.The level design is mostly boring. Good thing game's quite pretty and changes its enviroments often, so at least you're not stuck looking at hundreds of similar traps in the same rooms.Combat is what you'd expect from a modern action game, but it's not very spectacular. The bosses are pretty cool aside from few places where game wrestles away the controls for another QTE. Thankfully that doesn't happen too often.I've played this game on hard difficulty and bosses provided a pretty good challenge similar to other Castlevania games.As opposed to other Castlevania games, where you have a lot of sub-weapons to choose from, usually with different forms, each one of the characters in this game gets only two. If in other games figuring out the right approach was part of the fun, here your choice is not only limited, but your subweapons barely work on bosses, if at all. I really can't believe they managed to dumb down this system to the point where it's worse than even the NES games.Since all characters use the same weapon as their main way of attacking, this makes combat quite dull. Thankfully your subweapons work good on normal enemies, which means you can at least run past them quickly if you have enough ammo.The music... I think this game has that, yeah.Alright, I'm kidding. Given the style, I did expect the music to be a bit more subtle than loud, energetic themes of the old castles. Still, I think it's fair to compare games in one series. Even when music picks up it's mostly forgettable. I might be a sucker for bleeps and bloops in my games, but I doubt anyone will enjoy music from this game as much as classic Castlevania tunes.Unfortunately, this game is not better than sum of its parts. It's pretty to look at, but it's one of the worst Metroidvania games I've played. I wanted to love this game, but all it did is made me want to play a better Castlevania game. It's bland, doesn't provide enough satisfaction from exploring the castle, and it's not the most technical, nor the prettiest action game there is. There are a few parts that are enjoyable, but most of the time you'll be running through hallways with samey enemies. Still, it is not a bad game, just very mediocre. It's playable and might scratch your Castlevania itch til Bloodstained or some other Metroidvanias come out."
,Not Recommended,282530,13769891,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Void01,"I hate this game. The controls are incredibly sluggish and imprecise, cut scenes are godawful and unnatural with no flow between character animations. The only reason that I can think of for anyone to make this game is that they hate all things Castlevania from the bottoms of their crusty, blackened little hearts."
,Not Recommended,282530,33319591,Posted: 6 July,all,tearfromthered,"Not as great as the standard 'Lord of Shadow"" episode. Not as great as most 2D ""real"" Castlevania old games: this spin off is a nice homage to the franchise roots, but never really brilliant in his art or level design."
,Not Recommended,282530,33330483,Posted: 6 July,all,WyrdFate,"I picked this up because I love Metroidvania games, the GBA and DS Castlevanias in particular.  That is not what this is.  It has the basics down, but it feels very wrong.  Your attacks are slow and laborious and everything feels heavy and weak.  The game is very concerned with combat itself and it zooms in massively on combat to you can more viscerally experience this God of War lite fighting.  This is another Castlevania that doesn't understand why Castlevania is good."
76561198005643249,Recommended,282530,28108388,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Varvarg,Pros:Good musicNice atmosphereCons:Not as open as for example SotNControls a bit floaty sometimesBottom line:Good old school Castlevania
,Not Recommended,282530,13170159,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BeeAre,"It's ok.  One of the weeker 2d Castlevanias. Feels very waterd down It'll kinda scratch your itch for a Metroidvania but you won't be wowed like the original DS ones (Dawn, Order, etc).  I'd recommend ""Valdis Story"" over this anyday."
,Recommended,282530,21780792,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dyldo,Sometimes i like to think to myselfheywhat a wonderful kind of daythen i play disdont forget your library cardObama lied
76561198010641857,Recommended,282530,25775583,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ivan Moreira,"Its a must for players of the Castlevania LoS series. Good gameplay, great history (as the whole series) and interesting (although not that much hard) boss batles."
,Recommended,282530,14188366,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"This sequel to Castlevania: Lords of Shadow reveals the story of the Belmonts as they battle destiny across generations to discover their true fate.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQxhbtDLPgkTrevor Belmont, knight of the Brotherhood of Light, embarks on an epic quest to avenge his mother who was killed by his father Gabriel. Gabriel, now known as Dracula has declared war on the Brotherhood, leading to a cataclysmic showdown between Father & Son! Explore Dracula's castle to discover hidden secrets, play with different characters, master 30 different combat moves, magic and secondary weapons. - Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,282530,16321861,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Retro-Pixel-Lizard,This is how they should have made Lords of Shadow and it's nice to see a non 8-Bit Simon appear in another Castlevania. :D
,Recommended,282530,18024390,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Reeze The Vampire,"I'm not really sure if I lke this game or not. However, being a huge Castlevania fan, I m giving this game the benefit of the doubt. The story is really interesting, as with all the Castlevania games, so I didn't have a problem there. The graphics were really pretty and the design was asthetically pleasing. Well, except for Alucard; being my favorite character of the series, I was excited to know alucard was returning. After playing the game with him though, that is where my dissapointment began. Alucard looked unbelievably stupid, with a stupid outfit, and stupid hair, and a grey, blocky face. On top of that, the studio was lazy and gave him an identical move list and weapon to Simon, instead of a sword or something of the like. The I raelized that a lot of the gameplay was just frustrating, with bosses that were really awkward with the ported controls and 2-D platforming. I think the game was good overall, but I can't help but feel unsatisfied with it. SoI do reccomend the game, but dont expect anything spectacular, and expect to be a little let down if you're a fan of Castlevania."
,Recommended,282530,12114517,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Dash Attack,"Farily new to the Castaselvaina series, and this being the first Lords of Shadows game I've played, I have only comment.SIMON MOUTHER ♥♥♥♥ING BELLMONT!!!Who knew he was sctotish?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8s39suvsi0Edit: Get this game if you like exploration, finding hidden crap, combo attacks, or the orginal castelvannia on the NES."
,Recommended,282530,17662725,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,El Chupacabra,"One of those missed gem.Please, do not make the same mistake with others and play this action-platformer with well designed gothic era."
,Recommended,282530,20978350,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,The best 2D Castlevania game since aria of sorrow.
,Recommended,282530,24003683,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cerieously,"Something Old and Something New. Mirror of Fate continues the tale of Gabriel Belmont where Lords of Shadow left off before the jump cut to the future. Bringing the traditional metroidvania style of gameplay with Lords of Shadow combat; Mirror of Fate seeks to bring lovers of Castlevania to a meeting of the minds of old & new players.This time around the story goes beyond just Gabriel's story; We meet Trevor Belmont, the mysterious Alucard, and even Simon Belmont the son of Trevor. As each of their stories unfold a greater story plays out.I wouldn't say it's the best metroidvania of Castlevania series, but it certainly warrants at least one playthrough if you enjoyed Lords of Shadow."
76561198054519435,Not Recommended,282530,33988355,Posted: 3 August,all,drdouglasdark,It's an okay platformer!  The controls are passable but alas there are a couple of quick time events which made me quit the game!  If I wanted to play PaRappa The Rappa I'd have bought PaRappa The Rappa!In all honesty if this game didn't have Castlevania plastered on the front you wouldn't link it to any other sidescrolling Castlevania titles!
76561198052627469,Recommended,282530,34737591,Posted: 4 September,all,Captain Ballsack,"Great game. Good story, graphics and game mechanics. It keeps you engaged till the very end and it never gets boring."
76561198056352614,Not Recommended,282530,18535839,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"So... when did Simon Belmont get an Irish accent? Well....he obtained it through the Mirror of Fate apparently.Here we go fellas:They took the same concepts from the original Lord of Shadows game (because the sequel sucked sweaty ballz), and included some of its sound design INCLUDING THE SAME SOUND FILES, and tried to recreate the game in 2D fashion. The game has a decent combat system, but the design overall for the game is pretty horrible compared to its prequel. There is just no camparison.Did I get burned by a CLASSIC game series AGAIN? (*ahem* Lords of Shadow 2*) YES.... most definitely yes.I just wish I could finish Castlevnia 2: Simon's curse. ♥♥♥♥ it has been 20 years when it was released on the NES ffs.If you really love the Castlevania series, this game makes a mockery of it. SO ♥♥♥♥ing sad.FFS when are they going to get the original programmers involved in this series again? The only successful series in the modern era has been the prequel to this game. (Lords of Shadow 1)This game is a shoddy attempt at a spin off from an ALREADY successful game. If you are  true fan of the series, I would NEVER recommend it. IN FACT, I am going to ask STEAM for a refund on the basis of its suckdom.I hope I get a refund, cuz this has happened before on STEAM where lackluster programmers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ artists try to copy an already successful game. (*Ahem* Batman Arkham Origins Blackgate*) It is ♥♥♥♥ING SAD.FFS Simon has an IRISH accent in the Cutscenes when clearly this game was set in Romania/Transylvania from the original NES release!!! Are they just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the flames out of spite and jealousy of a masterpiece? I DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING KNOW... but alll I know is that I was fooled again into thinking someone actually cares about the success of this game series, and I was ripped off by a charlatan game team. Perhaps they are just using the name to rip off people that have a sentimental connection with the ORIGINAL concept of Castlevania. That is my best guess.♥♥♥♥ing posers are ruining this series.I am not saying that the programmers that created this game are ♥♥♥♥ing losers, but♥♥♥♥♥♥man.... they gotta do better than this to succeed in life. WOW.... what a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of licensed royalties.I mean.. it is like they are making a♥♥♥♥♥♥sandwich. Lords of Shadows 1 was great, Lords of Shadow 2 sucked ballz, and this game is just a flat out piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ shoddy work up of what some strange amateur programmers in the phillipines might make up. What the ♥♥♥♥ is happening right now? @_@Can't people get a ♥♥♥♥ing job for a living instead of pretending to be something they are not? Apparently they can't, because this game got published.... WTF? @_@"
76561198084239937,Recommended,282530,24223547,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DEV,"10-Jul-2016 : Finished main story + extrasEquipment : MSI GT80-2QE NotebookREVIEW :The graphic is really good for a 2D side-scrolling platforming game. The story and characters are good enough as a bridge to Castlevania Lords of Shadow 2. The scrolls collectible in this game provide additional backstory for the environment and I recommend you to collect them all. Some of the scrolls are more crippier than the game itself. One little detail that I also like and never found in other game is the ability to make notes on the in-game map.CONCLUSION :Recommended on full price, a must-have on sale price."
,Recommended,282530,12305046,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,edge2000,"This is a fun little game. I was really hoping for something like Castlevania: Symphony of the night, I think they close enough, for me anyhow. I posted a full rundown on my blog over athttp://swhipgaming.blogspot.comif you would like to check it out."
76561198071419613,Not Recommended,282530,28925935,Posted: 1 January,all,Sparky mark phillips,"castlevania symphony of the night for dummies.it's pretty, and thats about it."
,Recommended,282530,27509832,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hidden Character,I've not played too many Castlevania games in my life so in my opinion for the noob vote. This is a really decent game. I've really enjoyed it. Wasn't expecting it too be so good.
76561198043636033,Recommended,282530,27743622,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jimbothegreek,"Creepy and annoying soundtrack, but solid installment for 2D Castlevania fans."
,Recommended,282530,27379040,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dexterio,Incoming plot twist!! Great game and story!
,Not Recommended,282530,19565905,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Putifari,While the game is actually quite good - being a 2.5D platformer - it still doesn't fix my utter disappointment that this wasn't a true actual Expansion toLords of Shadowthat uses the same graphics and gameplay.I did finish the game even so... so... I don't know what to actually say about the game. You might as well just watch the story cinematics from web stream.
,Not Recommended,282530,34296043,Posted: 16 August,all,Brandongl,"Does nothing significant. Combat tries to play similarly to the main LoS games, but ends up being even more boring and shallow in 2D. Puzzles were very few and pretty long to do for how easy they were. Barely a metroidvania, it may not be super linear where you just go right, but it's defnitely not open or exploration-based, even though you spend more time walking around than fighting.. Story is short and unnecessary for the series. The music is nice, atmospheric, but you'll hear the beginning of the song very often and there's not even too much variety of it.Just really feels like what you expect from a ""handheld spin-off"", obviously really low-budget.Kind of funny seeing some of the cinematics, you can tell when they were trying to make use of the 3DS screen, but personally I hate it when games/movies do scenes specifically for 3D.Hopefully Nintendo will keep these guys on the right track with the Metroid 2 remake. Speaking of Metroid, this game has magnetic rails, using your whip as a grappling hook, and very-fast running. All felt very Metroid inspired."
76561198065150638,Not Recommended,282530,34043552,Posted: 5 August,all,Gypsy the Chill,"Mirror of Fate tries to blend the exploration and world building of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night with the combat system and environment climbing of the first Lords of Shadow, and sadly it just doesn't mix very well together. The game brings interesting story elements into the Lords of Shadow saga, but it makes none of it feel worthwhile in the end, especially since the second Lords of Shadow goes through the whole plot of this game in about 5 minutes at the beggining. The first Lords of Shadow is a master piece and my opinion, and this game is deffinitely not a worthwhile follow-up. after completing the game 100%, it ultimately left me wanting to play through Symphony of the Night and the original Lords of Shadow again than go through its new game +"
,Recommended,282530,22909539,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Piszozo,I recommend it
76561198260012196,Recommended,282530,24620816,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ArielinaK9,Classic Castlevania fans rejoice
76561198025499975,Not Recommended,282530,19859076,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cogigo,Argh why does this game stops me so much from playing it. Little cutscene after cutscene. Camera paning here and there.It´s infuriating. I had a horrible experience so far. It´s uninteresting and boring. I was BORED!It´s like the game is thinking I´m dumb. I get it! Let me play...Maybe I will be coming back to it later. But for now it feels like its wasting my time.
,Not Recommended,282530,29131483,Posted: 8 January,all,Tiripsflow,"This game wants to be an old school Castlevania game.It tries, but at the end fails to deliver anything interesting.This game is playable, the music is good, and the storyline is passable. Its just boring.It has simple level design and fails to capture the fun of exploration of metroidvania games.Overall this game isn't terrible, but it fails to be entertaining and eventually proves to be a chore."
,Recommended,282530,23812128,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Apostle The Fraud,"I've felt the beating heart of the one who was stillborn. I have mourned the loss of a man who was once innocent but was corrupted at his youth. Father see the sins that I bear for the blind to follow. I have lost the salvation that you have granted me and have bathes in the sins of the flesh. I have come to you with an empty heart with nothing of value, I lost the foundation of my life. I am lost and the lost souls that you have turned your back on, want to follow me on my path of despair. Am I not a man like any other? Have I not bled enough? I am already deep in the abyss and no hand has reached out. I am in this hell, purgatory was suppose to be my repentance, yet all I know and all I will ever know is this sorrow and this vapidity that guides me day in and day out. May the holy father forgive us all, we're all ♥♥♥♥ing doomed."
76561198047802337,Not Recommended,282530,30714439,Posted: 24 March,all,Roesia,"THE GAME DOES NOT SAVE! I've tried playing the game 8x now, one of those times getting up to the first boss. Even if I run Steam as Administrator, manually navigate to the game's CMOF.exe file and run that as Administrator, verifying the file's integrity and rebooting my computer, nothing works.  Probably something to do with the PC port from the DS, I don't know. As for my rig: Asus ROG-G751JY-DH72X (https://www.asus.com/us/ROG-Republic-Of-Gamers/ROG-G751JY/specifications/). Sad that I'll never get to see Simon and Trevor's experiences. :("
,Not Recommended,282530,19680443,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ThatRadioGeek,"Mirror of Fate is an attempt at bridging the new Lords of Shadow style with oldschool Castlevania. It does not work. The game is riddled with lazy QTEs, bad combat mechanics, and obstacles that just feel forced. Briding the gap between LoS 1 and 2, this is basically Lords of Shadow's version of Alucard's origin story, and they make it pretty obvious. By the time the ""big reveal"" at the end played out, I had already figured it out hours ago and was just bored. There's also an extra cutscene for those who feel like wasting enough time on this game to complete it to 100%, but said cutscene does nothing to set up anything interesting. Good try, but ultimately, poor execution."
76561198005128610,Not Recommended,282530,12059568,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,the Winter Warlock,"Can't use mouse buttons???? I wish I would have know this, and I would have not been suckered into buying.If I missed something and can use a mouse, someone please tell me..."
,Not Recommended,282530,9730187,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,yukeae,"It looks like a Castlevania game. It's sounds like a Castlevania game. It almost feels plays like a Castlevania on occasion, but in the end it's not a Castlevania game at all. Not really.What it is is an Ok action platformer but it pales in comparison to SOTN or any of the other great 2D games that came before it. If you absolutely must play every game Konami slaps the Castlevania title on then go ahead, you could do worse. But if you're after Castlevania, and I'm not referring to convoluted Hideo Kojima GOW wannabe, then look elsewhere. I mean, SOTN has go to be on Steam by now, right?"
76561197967834031,Not Recommended,282530,13899690,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Interceptor Special,Pale imitation of SOTN. Don't waste your money.
76561198124975036,Not Recommended,282530,9976462,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,dzdncnfsd73,"for a newer game sure does look cartoonish and not realistic . I sure hope the other 2 were better then this one because this one sucked badly . Don`t waste your money, if you like realistic games that take long time to complete this game is NOT for you. Dam i wish steam did refunds i just wasted 15 usd on this big steaming pile ......."
76561198068631678,Not Recommended,282530,10310034,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,JohnRichter,"To put it simple, this is the wort thing I ever played in my life, the graphics looks horrible on big screen, the comands are horrible, its only  Castlevania game on the name and just only that...."
,Not Recommended,282530,22097630,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lewd,lol it's a game meh. can't say much...it's not good butt not bad.
,Not Recommended,282530,13427063,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,luison.cpp,"This is not a terrible game, you can have some really fun moments with this game, but I think that for a 2D Castlevania game maybe it's the weakest in the series (I haven't played all of them, but right now it's my least favorite).Why? there are lots of reasons; the game try to have exploration but the map it's very linear, the combat and the platforming sections I felt them frequently unfair, it has a couple of bosses that are completly QTEs, and I felt its presentation uninspired (you can argue that it's a port from 3DS and I shouldn't be strict with the presentation, but I think that the music could be a lot better, at least as good as the original Lords of Shadow, and also, older castlevania games of Nintendo DS has more attractive visual style).I recommend to play first other Castlevania games instead of this; even I recommend to play games inspired by Castlevania instead of this (like Guacamelee, Dust: An Elysian Tail or Rogue Legacy).Maybe the only good reason for playing this game could be to be preparaed for Lords of Shadow 2; but you can always skip this game and check the wikis."
,Recommended,282530,24181478,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jão,TRYING TO COPY Castlevania Symphony of the night
76561197998209121,Not Recommended,282530,18932555,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,stile17,I cannot recommend this this game.
,Not Recommended,282530,13258672,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Kei-chan,"Every time I go back and play Castlevania 3 on my NES, I think to myself, ""Gee, this game's alright, but what it REALLY needs is a generic, uninspired orchestral soundtrack, God of War-style combat, and Uncharted-style traversal rather than tight, challenging platforming.""Thanks, MercurySteam."
76561198046675266,Recommended,282530,18137632,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dustin,"A 3DS port that's the sequel to Lords of Shadow where you play as Simon Belmont, and doesn't look a whole lot ""HD"".The cutscenes are very cartoony and the overal graphics aren't that pleasing.Gameplay is the exact same with some tedious controls, once again having me to use the number pad for buttons since it's keyboard only.I'd stick with the original but if you want to play more of the story then give this a shot.4/10"
,Not Recommended,282530,33436156,Posted: 10 July,all,Scott Prian,"Had this been my first Castlevania game, I probably could have liked it. However, I purchased this seeking the castlevania I'm used to, which is completely different from this game."
,Not Recommended,282530,9835762,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,«Dustie»_★Xeno•Bunny★,"The game stopping to tell me what everything is just made me stop right away.The combat is boring, just mash attack (I would hope I actually have to use that block the game really wanted to make sure I could do)."
,Not Recommended,282530,12381930,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Gwaed,"I got this game during a steam sale. Graphics are good similar to the style of TellTale Games does. The game play is a little boring not much going on some fights are a little RNG but easily dealt with. The first hour or so of the game really didn't impress me at all, really bland story and nothing too the game."
76561197970843512,Not Recommended,282530,9646985,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,iydkmigthtky,I have Nvidia 9800GT card. Game crashes my latest official (stable) drives all the time. impossible to play :(
,Not Recommended,282530,12547917,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,biga,Zoom out FFS. My pc screen doesn't have 4 inches
76561198026955085,Not Recommended,282530,24870020,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sabamika,"I purchased this hoping for what would amount to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night 2. Was seriouslly let down. It's not a bad game, but it's not worth paying full price for. If you must purchase this game, wait for it to go on sale. As it is I cannot recommend it."
76561198100969167,Not Recommended,282530,9652363,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,xhishamx,"not a real pc game, it is ported from somewhere. (k,o,p buttons attacks while a,d moves)the graphics is very clean though with some minor glitches."
,Not Recommended,282530,33140888,Posted: 2 July,all,AGV,Castlevania was fun when it was 2D game.
,Not Recommended,282530,32405377,Posted: 14 June,all,Tenthadorn,"I like Castlevania: Lords of Shadow. I really do. I dislike traditional Metroidvania games (with a few exceptions), so there's the disclaimer.I didn't get past Chapter 2 with Alucard. I found myself not only bored, but upset by the game's difficulty (or lack thereof), the superficial story (that literally feels like they wanted to cram backstory between LoS and LoS 2), and the ""different"" style of animation.Again, I really like LoS. I think it's neat. I dislike Mirror of Fate."
76561197980172024,Not Recommended,282530,31359128,Posted: 25 April,all,megamanx321,"After playing the suprise hit Lords of Shadow, this game was a huge letdown. LOS was one of my favorite games last year; I think I played it more than any other game (for an FPS type game), even more so that DOOM. I saw there was a ""sequel"" which turned out to be in name only. Maybe story too, but I didn't play it past 20 minutes. The gameplay is awful. The cutscenes are bad comics. The keymapping is all screwed up compared to LOS and even if you re-map, its still not good. There wasn't really any mention it was not the same 3D style as LOS.It's not worth the $15, not even for free if it came with LOS as an add-on."
,Not Recommended,282530,30378712,Posted: 7 March,all,slashz,Cons: it's not SotN.Pros: I got to write a review.
76561198022721027,Not Recommended,282530,25643977,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,bagwelljarrod,do not buy this game
,Recommended,282530,11476868,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cath Nought,"9/10+ a huge relief in controls after the nightmare keyboard port of Castlevania Lords of Shadow+ much easier to play, no chance of camera twitch to butcher your carefully planned jump, again.- it's a classical simple 2D platformer with toon-esque cut scenes, which does take away a LOT from the drama of Gabriel and the whole Belmont family.- no leeway for chance or any passion of the feeling of actual taking part in the story, which was the major point in other LOS games for me, automatic calculation of jumps / dashes / swings makes playing the game too mechanic.Overall a nice inbetween filler game worth playing to learn the details of the story firsthand, but I am glad they did a more complicated thing with the Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2."
76561198009067077,Recommended,282530,12060030,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,GRANIT Salvo,"Having never played it on the 3DS, my only comparison is to the venerable C:SotN.The 2D exploration being the only reason this one caught my eye.Am I happy with my purchase?  Yes.Is it like C:SotN?  KindaControls: The combat is snappy; I block when I want to and I attack when I want to with no lag.   Movement on the other hand...well, I can only describe as 'assisted'.  There is no lag, but turns and movements (not combat rolls) start almost with momentum, jumps are strangely high/far,  and if you don't quite reach a platform visually, the game corrects and counts you as grabbing a ledge.  Less of bad programming and more of ""Assisted Platforming"".  Yes, that is what I will call it.Combat:  Fighting is fun.  Especially the fist boss, the night watchman.  It pulls heavily from it's parent C:LoS's movesets and includes timed blocks and unblockable moves.  They add in the 'hearts' and secondary weapons of previous games, but it seems like there may not be many options and you are limited to 5 of each.  At least they are very powerful and not linked to up+attack.I would complain about the random uninterruptable animations that let enemies move through your strikes, but I think it is that way because a veteren brawler could march right through combats if all strikes had effect.  You get used to it.What you don't get used to is the vibration.  Near constant rumble (all on high) for everything including footsteps sometimes.  You are only safe during loading screens.  If I were of opposite gender or had a custom controller this may be more enjoyable, but I just turn it off.Music/Sound:  Nothing noteworthy.  The sounds are not ""HD"" so do not fade well or have too much variety as they were limited by the Gameboy hardware.  The music sounds nice and is very dramatic, but is also missing at times and none of it is memorable.  Nothing like old Konami titles (which used to be their best features) .Gameplay:  Exploration is limited but the 'metroidvania' feel is still there. . .Just missing some of the spirit, and that came from level design and map planning.  Shadow Complex got this right (and I would love to see that on steam) but others don't:  Just like a Feng Shui house needs 'circulation', so does a great metroidvania map in order to not feel linear.  Areas that interconnect.  So far the layout of this game is in chapters and in a line very similar to C:LoS.   So, some of the soul is lost.[A notable feature though is typing notes on the map!  A feature that I have been wanting for a great deal of time.  Very happy to see this in a game.]So, It's linear then, right?  A bit, but you get a good sense of freedom from one simple thing.....you don't have to fight.  Sure, the camera suggests that you stay and fight, but you can easily just run past and continue exploring.  Well done.Final Thoughts:For the Metroid/Castlevania Enthusiasts, this is not a ""Great"" game.  But it is fun and worth your time, in my opinion."
,Recommended,282530,12067286,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,ufamsm,"So far so good, but don't even think about playing this game with the default keyboard controls. They are based around ASDFJKL; and then for some inexplicable reason, ALT to block. Horrible layout, don't even try for basic combat with it."
76561198001251929,Recommended,282530,12068821,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,KasperKyd,"What I love in Castlevania Series that the games are long enough that it worth more that the cost of the game, I thought I finished the game when I noticed I just started Act II :D Lord Of Shadow Ultimate Edition is still my favourite though I didn't play Lorad Of Shadow II. They all look awesome in 3D Vision Mods."
,Recommended,282530,17085024,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,BallisticCrow,Awesome game... It will make you feel like if you were playing a classic Castlevania game...Gameplay 4/5Music 4/5Story 5/5Graphics 4/5
,Recommended,282530,18916667,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Frostjaw,Really nice port to PC. 100% compatible with controller (both Xbox and Steam Pad). Really sticking out thos 3DS graphs on this one. A must have if you're into Mercury Steam's Castlevania franchise!
,Recommended,282530,18621434,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lancer,An amazing throwback to the classic Castlevanias of the past while retaining the feeling of the Metroidvanias. Continuing the story of Lords of Shadow with a nostalgic feeling. A must have for any Castlevania fan!~
76561198043933101,Recommended,282530,18670584,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,therob,"Great game for Castlevania fans!  Don't worry if you didn't play the 3D games in the series.  This game can stand alone with its story (however, some enemies/bosses will only be seen and not actually fought until you play the others in the series).During the course of the game, you'll play as:-Gabriel Belmont-Simon Belmont-Alucard-Trevor BelmontEach one gains their own abilities as the game progresses.The music was fine, but nothing to write home about.  There were no catchy tunes, mainly just atmospheric background music.  A lot of the music sounded the same too.  However, one piece sounded a bit like Castevania IV's ending theme, which I liked since I'm a big CV IV fan.Also, after you beat the game, the game allows you to go back to any of the playable characters' storylines you did to more easily 100% the game and get whatever you missed during your first run through.The game took me roughly 13 hours to beat 100%.  There's also a Boss Rush mode and some other unlockables/achievements.Overall, great game for Castlevania/Metroidvania fans!"
76561198065531666,Recommended,282530,17906669,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Binary Apprentice,"Good:-Visuals are decent considering this was originally a 3DS game.-Combat is about what you'd expect from a more classic style Castlevania although there is a greater focus on evasion (rolling) compared to the NES or Super NES titles.-On that note on combat and evasion, enemies and bosses will crush you pretty quickly if you haven't picked up on when to evade.  The difficulty is fair for the most part; there were only a couple instances where the enemies used cheap tactics.  I found it overall to be fun.Bad:-The story is largely forgetable.-The player is encouraged to explore a bit but make no mistake: this is not like the earlier Metroidvania titles, this is a largely move from point A to B affair.  I like the older linear titles and the Metroidvania ones but this game doesn't play to the strength of either of those game types.  I found myself zipping to the next checkpoint as quick as possible whereas in Symphony of the Night, I enjoyed checking every spec of the map.-I wish the characters played a little more differently with respect to combat.  That would have really helped the issue of traversing the same ground with different characters."
,Recommended,282530,17566084,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SharkFanFTW,"A fun Metroidvania-style hack-and-slash 2.5D-platformer that manages to keep a touching narrative although the voice acting isn't top-notch. At least all the characters have Scottish accents! The graphics are good, although a little 3DS-like, especially during animations, but that's what one got to expect from an HD-port of a handheld game. Combat is really fun and satisfying! Design is dark and gritty, music fits the mood, everything fulfils your expectations, but nothing really exceeds them, if I have to make a small nitpick. Good game overall, for newcomers to the series and seasoned fans all alike!8.5/10"
76561198145560727,Recommended,282530,17780150,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,kat_freak,This is one of my favorite game series! I love all of the castlevania games but this was a good twist on the original game.
76561198019576097,Recommended,282530,15967548,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,FullMetal,"Well, it's not the symphony of night sequel u wish so much, but still a good dose of the classic metroidvania with some of ""2d God of War"".The story is great and if you miss Alucard this will do the job for now. The main problem is the exploration, it's too easy and  does not feels right, having to go back all the map just to find one of the 3 kind of upgrades or a scrolls isn't fun.Still worth your money, buy it on any sale.Keep in mind that this is a 3ds game in HD."
,Not Recommended,282530,15819006,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,SavingPrincess,"I wanted to like this game so bad.Here are some immediate reactions:- Jumping feels awful.  You stutter and lose forward momentum, this is awful for a platformer.- You die from fall height.  Coupled with the aforementioned jump feeling, this leads to many needless deaths.- Attacks have ZERO weight.  The whip cuts through enemies, it's like swinging at nothing.- YOU have zero weight.  The movement feels completely unsatisfying and empty.  You neither have the ""heavy"" movement of a Super Castlevania IV or the ""smooth"" movement of a Symphony of the Night.- The maps are disconnected.  Instead of giving you a big area to explore, you ""explore"" lots of small ones and move on (simply having a ""square-based"" map does not make you a metroidvania).- The ""grab"" animations are too long and repetitive.  If that will be your main means of finishing an enemy, you'd better make it fast, or interesting. Instead it's neither.I can't even use the ""well it's a 3DS port"" excuse, because there were so many (Igarashi-made) fantastic Castlevania's on GBA/DS.  This development team tried to take THEIR Castlevania and put it in the Igarashi formula and managed to miss every single mark of what made those games so satisfying."
,Not Recommended,282530,15701584,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ArYahn,"Ulitimately this game has been a pretty disappointing experience for me. I haven't finished it, and I'm probably not going to, so maybe put an asterisk next to everything else I have to say.The combat is largely tedious, they pretty much directly ported the combat for lords of shadow into a 2D game, so you have direct attacks that hit a quarter of the screen, and area attacks that do less damage and hit about half of it. Basically you'll be mashing the direct attack button a lot. I'm not sure why they decided to give you a block, considering every almost every attack you run into in the game is unblockable. You can parry normal enemies, but it's almost always simpler to steamroll them by spamming the same combo. The boss battles I played were fairly interesting in comparison, but not enough to redeem it.I have no idea why there's falling damage in this game. It barely comes up on the first pass, and when I was retracing for hidden items it's a simple matter to restore lost health at a font. It's just an annoyance. The platforming itself wasn't particularly enjoyable either. For the most part it's just moving from magnetic ledge to magnetic ledge, but there are definitely times when it's a trick to get your character to latch onto the chain whip point you want him to, for instance.The plot is not very interesting, and frankly the game would be served better by a 1-2 minute scrolling text intro than the voice work and cutscenes it rams in your face. SKIP!Overall, the game is really mediocre, and I wouldn't go up to a friend and say: ""Hey! You should really play this game, it's nothing special!"". It's certainly not awful, but I feel like anyone could find a better use for their time than playing this."
,Recommended,282530,14434451,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,ElementOfDanger,"Although it’s a bit strange going from 3D LoS games to 2D Mirror of Fate, I found this missing link just as entertaining as an enjoyable throwback to Mega Drive platform games. The storyline fills most of the plot holes and the fact that you go through different generations of the Belmont bloodline offers new perspective and refreshing gameplay. Despite a bit trying at times, I found the the game to be fairly straightforward and the castle grounds very fun to explore."
,Recommended,282530,14590002,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Schlangus,"Was a lot better than Lords of Shadow/2. It came as close to the old Metroidvania style as it could while also maintaining the hack-and-slash elements of Lords of Shadow. Lo and behold it worked, and pretty well, too.If you're a big Castlevania fan like I am then yeah, purchasing this should almost be a priority."
76561198167357035,Recommended,282530,15484245,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,dafnic,"Just finished the game and gotta say it was worth its cost.Story is okPuzzles are okGameplay is....kinda ok i guess but i beat the whole game not using one single combo.. hit attack 3 times then dodge or break enemy's block then hit attack 3 times.. all there is from battle perspective.But still i liked the atmosphere and story, game can even be jumpy at certain points.so.. yea if you have 12 euros to spend and you like castlevania its a go.This ,even with dated graphics, is better than Lords of shadow 2."
,Not Recommended,282530,15197804,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sammael,This game is lame as hell. Just play Trine instead.
76561198038553944,Recommended,282530,16147605,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Isilidor0404,"It's not absolutely god-awful. I like it better than Lords of Shadow/Lords of Shadow 2, it just feels more like a classic Castlevania game. The combat's pretty satisfying, but the keyboard controls are pretty wonky. This is also the first instance of a game I've seen where the gameplay graphics are better than the cutscene graphics. It's kind of weird. But it's pretty alright so far. So I can recommend it if you preferred the old-school style Castlevanias."
76561198074656212,Recommended,282530,12231480,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,OctavVIII,"Mirror of Fate was a fun entry in the Castlevania Series. Sure it's no Symphony of the Night, but I don't understand all the hate towards it.Highlights:- playing as 3 characters (actually 4)- all classic parts of the castle are thereThe bad aspect of the game is the lack of serious RPG elements."
76561198112626016,Recommended,282530,12215429,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,The0nlyRaiden,"this game is one of my top 5 castlevania games IMO. The story is good, the gameplay is really fun, and it has many secrets to unlock. Finish 100% and you suppose to get a secret movie called ""Seperate Ways"". I recommend this game to any castlevania fan."
76561197993174997,Recommended,282530,12217712,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,QT,"This is actually a good port and plays great with an Xbox 360 controller.As a 2.5d platformer, it is looks good and plays great. It is slightly linear, but you can always backtrack via chapter selection and it won't reset your progress on that Act. The game is still very much Castlevania in sense that you'll also be backtracking for upgrades and scrolls.It is overall a fun game and good for anyone who's interested in this Castlevania reboot."
76561198072182182,Recommended,282530,12253495,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"This prequel to Lords of Shadow serves up a hearty helping of good 2.5D action, but it drags a bit in the middle during the Alucard segment, where all the crappy block-pushing puzzles are.  The final third of the game, however, is nothing but one terrific bit after another."
,Recommended,282530,13253231,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,neo_bushi,"For anyone that loves Castlevania games, you will love this one. Classic Castlevania adventure with upgraded HD graphics and pseudo 3D camera angles to increase the cinematic effect. Mirror of Fate might be non-canon but it sure spins a great storyline.Only downside I can mention is that it is a bit on the easier side of Castlevania games. Played on HARD but still would have liked more of a challenge. Boss battles were awesome though :)Highly recommended!"
76561198029356387,Recommended,282530,15069554,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BlueIce76,"All I have to say is that THIS IS A GREAT GAME compared to the other two Castlevania games I just played.  The other two Castlevania games on Steam, Lords of Shadow and the second one, I did not like at all. This game feels more like Castlevania and I love playing it.I give this game a:   9.5/10  A+"
,Recommended,282530,14387464,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RecQuery,A short but pretty good budget game set in the Castlevania reboot universe.
76561198006304047,Recommended,282530,13165931,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sanschanger,"I loved ""Lords of Shadow"" despite some initial misgivings, and was thrilled when Konami announced they were releasing the ""intermediary sequel"" on Steam. Hallelujah and pass the holy water.This game is a true side-scroller that maintains the great story and ambience of the first game. The protagonist is divided between four ""parts"", which are (in order of play): Gabriel Belmont (1 year before the events of ""Lords of Shadow""; this is the tutorial level), Simon Belmont (about 40 or 50 years after the first game), Alucard (concurrent with Simon's story), and Trevor Belmont (20 or 30 years after the first game).Combat is simplistic, but includes combos and dodging; it's never as gripping as the climactic battles of the first game, but some of the fights were amazing experiences for me (the ""Necromancer"", the second-half of the ""Lady of the Crypt"" battle, and the final fight are all on par with ""Lords of Shadow""). You can't attack in 8 directions or let your whip go limp like you can in ""Super Castlevania"", but this doesn't detract anything. Boss battles are always either straight combat or quick-time events; they aren't mixed as often as the first game (which is unfortunate).Being the most classic oriented of the new series, this game has some really great environments. The player gets to see a lot of Dracula's castle as it appears over the course of 20 or 30 years, and I loved the way this passage of time is depicted; as Simon you will see things that you later learn were caused by Trevor. A lot of detail went into what is seen in the background, as well as consideration for how things change over time.Unlike old Castlevania games, there aren't hordes of enemies that you'll dispatch with a single hit; the fights are more realistic and pose some degree of challenge. Secondary weapons are unique to the protagonist in play, but it was great to see the battle axe, the stopwatch, and the holy cross/boomerang make returns to the series.The storyline is epic despite the game being somewhat short. The voice acting is excellent, and the pure drama of the events is great stuff. Nothing here felt juvenile or contrived; it's a tale of good against evil, but also of family ties, courage, and what happens when some heroes give it their all, but still can't stop the forces of darkness.The music mostly reuses cues and remixes from ""Lords of Shadow"" and a couple of tracks from ""Lords of Shadow 2"", but this is great news because the music here is some of the absolute best from both games.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the Castlevania series, fantasy in general, or side-scrollers. There's plenty of exploration and combat to make a player happy, and the controls are less complicated than other modern side-scrollers, such as ""Mark of the Ninja"".NOTE: As much as I love this game, and I love the character of Simon, I didn't care for his appearance in this one. I've never liked the red hair look on him, and his costume is a bit silly in my opinion. Doesn't detract from the game really, but I couldn't post my review without mentioning this.LAST NOTE: It seems to me that Gabriel Belmont represents determination (no matter the cost), Trevor represents pure skill, and Simon is raw strength. It's a great way to identify the characters of the Belmont family."
,Recommended,282530,13131698,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The_tooth,"I've always been a big fan of the MetroidVanias. This game is another good addition to the Castlevania library. I would have liked to avoid the quick time events, as I feel they are not really needed. Other than that, I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,282530,13136321,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tashigi,Brought me back to the good ol' days of NES/SNES Castlevania.
,Recommended,282530,19516474,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,InfinityDriveX,"Castlevania: lords of shadow - mirror of fate HD is a great castlevania game, it really gives me that old castlevania feel with a new school look. you play as 3 characters trevor belmont, simon belmont and alucard and you eventually find out the fate that binds them all together, its a good tie in to lords of shadow 2 which is next on my list to play."
,Recommended,282530,23336772,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Riku,"i played the Nintendo 3DS port of this game, it had a good story, great gameplay, and a very well designed world for each character, ans it\'s a game worth playing."
76561198043448541,Recommended,282530,17001339,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Kiyoshi15,"Solid Castlevania game, but as a side scroller, compared to Symphony of the Night or Aria of Sorrow, it lacks something... Still very, very good vampire-driven story."
,Recommended,282530,22402718,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,mentatparadigm,This is a very underrated game. Would I have preferred a SotN style Metroidvania? Hell yes. But it still works well for what it is. I'm not a fan of the Lords of Shadow reboot but I do love 2.5D platformers and this satisifies that craving.
76561198050095459,Recommended,282530,22852958,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DanimalRlz,"I enjoyed it. Not as good as the Metroidvania sidescrollers (sotn etc) but it was worth the purchase. Alot of ppl don't like the storyline from what I hear. And I didn't at first, but it's a reboot. Once I got that into my head, I was ok with it. Interesting take on the belmont storyline. Played Lords of Shadow, didn't get to play 2 yet."
,Recommended,282530,21744024,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,vEK,Awesome game!And not just because I was the sr. game designer... xDEnjoy! ;)
,Recommended,282530,20764645,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,J0hnnieW4lker,"Good game, if you like side-scrolling games and have played the first Lords of Shadow.The S3D is Ok."
76561197974112108,Recommended,282530,20849726,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SpidyM,"I was unsure to buy this or not at the time.. but as a big fan of the castlevania series it would have been wrong not to.Well i was certainly glad i did! This game is epic!!! An amazing experience with breathtaking graphics and a solid story. Gameplay is fun..just like previous titles in the franchise but a more gripping story which fills in the gaps between Lord of the shadows 1 and 2. Plus for me answered a few questions about castlevania.There are plenty of puzzles, bosses and beautiful backdrops/scenery to keep you going throughout the game..a few frustrating moments as of most castlevania games...they are NOT easy...but makes it more rewarding to play....... Ive completed this game.. but now going back to look for all the secrets ive missed...Totally recommend this game ....even if your not a huge castlevania fan you still wont be dissappointed!!! 10/10!!"
,Recommended,282530,21065126,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Grafvolluth,"A fun, if fairly simple, Metroid-vania style game.If you've played pretty much any Castlevania since Symphony of the Night, you'll have a pretty good idea what this game consists of. It took me about 8 hours to run through this game on the hard difficulty while ferreting out 100% of the secrets, and it would have taken about 3-4 otherwise. The combat is rarely that challenging, and the bosses were pretty good, but not that challenging barring 2 or 3 of them.At the time of this review the price for this game is $14.99 and I would recommend picking it up, albeit with a tad of hesitance. I don't regret the purchase, but I feel like this is more of a $10 game."
,Recommended,282530,20757456,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,MarKo BlanCo,"I'm having a great time with this game. Not my typical type of game which is why I'm surprised I'm really enjoying it. Great game, buy the series and play it in order!"
,Recommended,282530,20824462,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Caster_Trash,"While it fails to match the heights of the series Mirror of Fate is still a good time, for the most part.Most of what made the 2D exploration-based Castlevania's fun is here, as is a few gimmicks of its own.Rather than having 1 large and open world map you now have 3 smaller and less open ones, and rather than 1 character with a huge amount of varied skill, and maybe an unlockable one or two, you now have 3 character with somewhat less varied skills.So yes, this is a somewhat simplified Castelvania but it still scratches most of the right itch's and to its credit, there's a lot of good in here, fun, well-presented puzzle/boss setpieces, yep, a move set that starts out simple but really opens up as you play, yep, fantastic designs for the many monsters, yep, plus they don't let up on bringing in new ones.I'm not gonna call it a platformer due to the lack of difficult platforming, well mostly, there are a few parts here and there, and some of them make up the most broken parts of the game, not hard, broken, like having to jump onto a moving platform that you can't see because the screen doesn't show it till your falling, this sort of issue popped up a few times and caused more deaths than most of the monsters combined and is easily the games biggest issue, but,overall this is a solid 2D action adventure game that should entertain."
76561198042434950,Recommended,282530,29049789,Posted: 5 January,all,paulyster,"If you are looking for a very solid adventure platform with a decent story, then this game is for you. The combat is solid and it feels great to fight giant enemies. The story is well written, and theres very little to complain about.Pros:Solid CombatDecent GraphicsGreat sound track and in-game atmosphereDifficult enemiesGreat exploration rewardsCons:None that I can think of!"
76561198279204238,Recommended,282530,21895887,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,maozkov,"Superb game!I was shocked to see that there was a more unanimous stance on this - especially since so many folks seemed to go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ over the previous installment - ""Lords of Shadow"". After exploring the mixed reception to this game, I think I figured it out:People either wanted more of ""Lords of Shadow"" or more ""Symphony of the Night"". What you get with this game is an excellent mix of the original, NES Castlevania style, ""Lords of Shadow"", AND ""Symphony of the Night"". It has a lot of combat elements from ""Lords of Shadow"" in it (but not quite as complex, which is good), as well as many of the creature designs. It has a slight Metroidvania structure to it, but not quite as open as ""Symphony of the Night"" - fusing it with a slightly more linear style from the original NES games, as well as keeping the journey to the castle in the game (rather than SOTN's stle of taking place entirely in the castle).The story was probably my favourite part. Fans of the original NES series will be pleased at how the characters and elements are slightly rewritten to form a cohesive, and brilliant plot.Judged as its own game, without any expectations getting in the way, it was a very enjoyable play (I just finished playing it my second time through, so it was a good enough game to bring me back). I suppose I'll try it on a harder difficulty or attempt the boss rush mode next.As far as true flaws go, there are some minor control issues, I found. Slightly stiff/slow. Nothing compared to the stiffness and slowness of the original NES games, of course.This is one of my favourites, and I find that I enjoy playing more than its predecessor. While ""Lords of Shadow"" is impressive in many ways, I think it mostly comes down to the fact that ""Mirror of Fate"" doesn't suffer from the staccato breakup of levels and chapters that ""Lords of Shadow"" does. You can lose yourself in a larger, continuous environment.****"
,Recommended,282530,33733581,Posted: 22 July,all,Vampster,"Ugh, this game!  How do you sleep at night!  I like the 2Dish platform and the graphics. Pretty neat. But the gameplay is lacking. When you get stuck towards the beginning of the game, it's frustrating. I really really wanted to like this game.  But i can't force myself to like it.  I keep coming back to it though until I get so frustrated that I never will. I can have a lot more fun digging up other Steam games I haven't even scratched the surface of yet. Oh ya, use a controller.If I get further in this game, I might change my review. Up with hope! Down with Dope!2nd Chance - I got further and defeated the NIght Watchman Boss which was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you like a 2D challange, play this game.It just gets me that if a Belmont doesn't know how to whip swing before he goes into Dracula's Castle, there's something wrong.5/10 - When you got a problem you must Whip it!  Whip it good!"
76561198064761967,Recommended,282530,33907866,Posted: 30 July,all,Bink,"At first I didn't like it, especially playing it right after LoS, but it grew on me. It's enjoyable, but I felt it was too simple. Upon leveling up it just gives you new abilities instead of picking through them for yourself, and the puzzles were very straight forward.The attacks feel a lot slower than they should, but once you get the hang of the change in pace from the last game it's manageable.AND THE MAP. I hate the map. It's very old school where it's just the blocks, which is fine, but it was frustrating when actively trying to find scrolls, and the backtracking is a pain.You basicly start over with a different character in each act, each with different bosses and slightly different routes through the castle. I did like the moments where the characters would notice each other, or something you'd notice in one act would be explained later because it happened simultaneously in a different act. The acts seemed a little out of order; I personally felt like the last act probably should have been the first.I think the fact that Alucard is Dracual's son across the board in Castlevania games, and that (surprise!) Gabriel conveniently has a son before LoS, yeahhhhh....No duh Trevor is Alucard.Or maybe it's just a surprise if LoS is your first Castlevania.It is backstory rich, and pulls from the first and second game. The boss battles were fun. Many of the visuals are lovely, and the music is also quite enjoyable.While technically it's a sequel, as it does take place after LoS, it feels more like a filler/mini game.For those who do love lore, just keep in mind that LoS is a reboot and not based off of the the old story line many of us grew up with and came to love.With that in mind, it's a decent game. Not the best. But decent."
76561198011651510,Recommended,282530,34446807,Posted: 23 August,all,Dracone En Valec,+Story+Boss fights+Puzzles-------------Repeating chapters. when take a new skill you will to return to the old parts.
76561197998009941,Recommended,282530,34963965,Posted: 14 September,all,nandagaijin,"If you loved SOTN then you will want this game. Basically most of the good stuff from SOTN with the Mercury story line. Fun, challenging and scratches that Castlevania itch."
,Not Recommended,282530,35263838,Posted: 28 September,all,chemicalvamp,"I Was hoping for something like a Symphony of the Night, Harmony of Dissonance, or Aria of Sorrow, got garbage. Indie developers without a single 'big hit' game under their belt such as the great games I mentioned have made a better metroidvania game. Sad that I have to look away from the company that helped pioneer one of my favorite genres to find a good game. Ya know like the ones that made this a profitable franchise. The fact that Konami didn't devlope this (probably the last) 2D or 2.5D castlevania game shows me that they don't care/aren't interested in making anymore. Disheartening.."
76561197993464335,Not Recommended,282530,35406328,Posted: 1 October,all,EmperorCesar,I can't think of a Castlevania game I enjoyed less than this one. Simon's Quest at least had the phat beats.
