user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,282590,16255666,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Xangi,"There are two types of people who play Star Ruler 2.The first type are the kind of people who will not like this game. These people generally will lodge complaints including but not limited to:- Not as complicated as the first game- Art style differs from my preference- I dislike the economy system- Combat is too hands-off- There is no ""soul""- The menus don't look like the first game- Research sucks- Diplomacy is confusing/uselessThese people also often do not have more than a few hours in game time. I'll tell you right now, at 5 hours in I had exactly the same complaints. The problem is that SR2 doesn't have a very good tutorial and that a lot of the complexity is somewhat hidden. Some of those complaints are also purely subjective and therefore cannot be addressed beyond ""Yep, ok"". For the rest of them, see below.To a person who hasn't played more than one or two games against some regular AIs, the combat would most certainly appear to be blob vs. blob. However once you realize how damage works and how to effectively utilize the support AI patterns it becomes obvious that, while not micro intensive, the combat is far from hands-off. It's just that the hands-on part happens in the preparation. Armor type makes a HUGE difference. Taking a torpedo on reactive armor will produce very different results that taking it on ablative. Neutronium may seem like an uber-armor but since it's so heavy and expensive it's rarely cost-effective. Weapon types are very important, the difference in effectiveness between a railgun and a laser depending on the situation can be vast. Ship speed is vital to not only engaging in time but fleeing as well, especially if you have no hyperdrive. Speaking of FTL, the type you have plays a big role in how you approach combat. Pinpoint Hyperdrive strikes are certainly effective, but fling beacons are far superior for offense (due to their speed and usually lower cost vs distance) though they lack easy-retreat capability. Gates are usually only used for turtling, but a gate in deep space can attack an opponent at points and from directions they don't expect. Slipstream can be used the same way except with less setup and more risk (since the enemy can also use your slipstream tears). There is a ton of depth, but again most (though not all) of it is in the setup.The economy would certainly seem strange and stupid, after all you can't stockpile resources and have to expand. Except that the cycle system discourages inactive play and actually results in the player actually making MORE ships and improvements than they would otherwise. Dry Docks can help you build ships that you couldn't otherwise afford. The forced expansion eliminates AI abuse strategies and also makes empire defense more of a priority. Even the smallest world can be a critical component in the supply chain for your L5 forge world. Losing a link in the chain doesn't have immediate crippling effects but it's certainly not something to ignore. The pressure system eliminates the need to micromanage planets beyond choosing good supplies and letting the system do its work. The level 0 resources (they don't contribute to planetary development) provide a variety of useful effects and if used correctly can provide a significant advantage. Terraforming can help provide more L1 resources for extra income and Artifacts/building/diplomacy can provide food and water if there is a shortage.Research would seem like a step back from the first game until you realize that SR1's research system, while unique, was inherently broken. Ships were outdated before they were even finished being built and the effectiveness of subsystems grew to such absurdities that tech advantages were instant-win conditions. The new tree applies passives automatically without the need for retrofit except if new systems are to be applied, and while not infinitely scalable is not the silver bullet in engagements that it was in SR1. Good tactics and planning can easily defeat fleets of twice the strength of what you're throwing at them. However it's fairly obvious why a lot of people would fail at this, since if you believe the combat to be DeathBlob Fights 2015 you wouldn't think of using any flanking or varied fleet makeups.Very few people complain about the diplomacy beyond ""I don't like it"" but the solution is simple. Add ""Influence Peddling"" to the main screen by clicking the ""..."". Keep track of who votes where and USE THE SYSTEM. It's incredibly effective if you put some time into it. Save some cards in case you need them. If you ignore it you're inevitably going to get screwed by it at some point. Oh and for god's sake read the Zeitgeist cards. Zealotry can be game changing and so can Co-operation.Well that was longer than I expected.The second kind of person is the type that will buy this game and enjoy it because they aren't looking for MOO2 Remake #232432 and are willing to put some time in to truly appreciate its uniqueness. If you read this far without downvoting this review you're probably in the latter category. Bear in mind that this is by no means a perfect game, but it is certainly worth the money. I paid full price for this game, and that is not something I do very often."
76561197996123460,Recommended,282590,14187304,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Malorn,"I do not even know where to begin.   There are some amazing ideas in this game, and it seems a lot of polish even during early access.  The diplomacy is unique and very complex, with influence and interactions that feel very very real.  The planetary resource systems are fascinating to me, as is the resulting trade networks that grow organically.  The ship builder is actually better than the first Star Ruler, which had an amazing ship builder.  FTL was weak in Star Ruler 1, here there are 5 different methods each unique and tactical.  Combat seems solid, manageable, and interesting.  The flagship system means that you are ordering around fleets, not ships, but you still have a nice amount of control and the ship numbers are amazing.   Everything is . . . perfect.I'm a highly critical gamer with jaded tastes.  I've been disappointed by one 4x game after another.  MoO3, Endless Space, Sword of the Stars 2, all sad memories.  Even Galciv and Distant Worlds weren't quite good enough for me.  I have never been so completely blown away just playing a tutorial, realizing the depth of the systems I'm seeing laid out in front of me.  Assuming there is nothing horribly wrong with this game that is hidden from me currently . . . well damn, I'll say it, this might be the game that surpasses Master of Orion 2.It's an overused cliche, but it fits with this game.  Things could go wrong, the AI may turn out to be useless, or some other chronic mistake, but I don't think so.  Star Ruler 1 was visionary and flawed, fascinating but clunky.  It seems they learned a lot from that game.  Seeing this come from a small studio . . . I hope it gains the accolades it deserves.  I also suspect modding will be amazing, since Star Ruler 1 had a wonderful modding scope, and I suspect they did the same here.Buy this game.  No seriously, if you like 4x gaming at all, buy Star Ruler 2.  This isn't a game you buy just to support the ideas of the devs, though those ideas are amazing.  This is the game I wish I had paid more for, because I think I cheated the devs and got way more than I paid for.:::Post-release:::The game remains very strong, with several major improvements over the beta.  The ship design remains the high point of the game, and sadly the AI remains a little weak.  The AI is competent, certainly.  It does know how to play the game properly, but it lacks aggression.  On the other hand, it is smart enough to know when it has lost.I won a game recently without actually taking a single enemy planet.  I out-expanded them slightly, and while they fought wars against each other, I offered surrender to whichever side was near to losing.  Most of them accepted subjugation, since I was a friendly power that was roughly 10 times their strength.  After I did this three times, I turned on the one remaining AI.  I declared war, sent my massive ships.  Three of my ships arrived in their systems and I received an offer of surrender before they could reach the planet.  I think they just saw the ships blotting out the sun and said ""Nope, this is not winnable.""  That is smart design and saved me a long slog to a certain victory.Recent improvements to the tech tree have made it far more understandable and elegant.  Technology in general seems far more unique and useful as compared to the beta tech tree, which was somewhat repetitive.  Performance remains very good, I've yet to see a bug or crash in any of my games.  The races and various FTL methods have vastly improved from the beta, and the AI knows how to play every combination without error.The modding community is rapidly expanding, as predicted, and has already furnished several very solid mods.  The devs have already incorporated some of the best additions as core gameplay, which does not surprise me.  I still recommend this game highly, it remains a very original and solid 4x game.  I have high hopes for the future, and I do feel they have delivered a solid game as it currently stands.  Of course, I always yearn for more."
76561198042941966,Recommended,282590,15085498,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Big Perm,"Having played for over 40+ hrs so far, my conclusion is that this is a solid 4x space game.  Space 4x is my favorite genre and I've plaved many of them, and this game comes off as  a very original and innovative game to me (have not played Star Ruler 1).First off, the game is an RTS, but its really meant to be paused...a lot (early on at least), and thats ok.  It takes quite some time to get the hang of how colonizing works, what to build, what orbitals do, how pressue works, etc.  There is a wiki to help you with most things, and some things you have to figure out by trial and error.  I've restarted quite a lot of games because I'd always realize something new I wasn't doing.  Main thing is if it seems too complex, just hang in there, read the wiki, experiment and you will figure it out, and its well worth it, trust me!-Research is nice, but the research screen could of been better.  Easy to get lost, but it works.-Ship design is daunting(for me).  Others I'm sure will enjoy it.  Thankfully you can have the AI design any size ship you want, or you can see what other players have designed and just use their ship!-Diplomacy is unique, but good.  Has a system where you can vote on certain propositions using cards and influence points.  Has your standared treaties as well (don't need cards), like Alliance, Trade Treaty, Mutual Defense, etc.-Exploration is nicely done as well.  When you start exploring you can run into multiple things, like Debris Fields,  which you can scan to bring up events in which you choose what you want to do.  You can find Pirate ships guarding special items which will give you certain bonuses. There is also Artifacts to find in which you can spend energy to activate whatever bonuses they hold.-Colonization is uniqe in this game as well, in which you constantly need to colonize planets for their resources in order to export them to planets you want to grow.  It can get confusing, but pretty much how it goes is, growing a planet needs resoucres, and those resources need resources, and those resources need resources.  Just pause the game, look at your surroundings, look at the planet you want to upgrade and it will tell you exactally what you need.-Buildings can be constructed on each planet by the AI and user.  The user can build things like Research complexes, Labor Factories, Megafarms, and more, the AI builds smaller buildings helpling the planet as it grows.  You can also build Orbital structures that go in space, like shipyards, supply stations, outposts, etc.  Careful on what you build though, they come at a hefty maintaince cost.-Economy is done well in this game.  You get income from population and ""Income Pressue"" and you have maintaince costs from buildings and ships.  Every 3 minutes you will get cash based on the difference in your income and maintaince.  So you can spend all your money and once the 3 minutes is up you will get another sum of money to spend in that time, based off the difference in Income and Maintanice.  Seems confusing but it works nicely.-Combat consists of having a flagship with multiple support ships under its wing.  Those support ships can specialize in missles, rail guns, lasers, rockets, etc. The flagship has a certain amount of support capacity, which means you can only carry so many support ships.  Your ships move in which your flagship is in the middle and the support ships make a big circle around it, so its like a circle of death.  Combat is real time and you can zoom in to see the action, but its pretty much just a bunch of balls of death shooting at one another, but it works for me.  Although ship building and making your fleets can be confusing.-UI is only ok in this game for there are many things I wish they would of done.  Can easily lose track of what you have building.-Graphics and Sound are just average, if not below par.  Graphics never mean much to me in these types of games, and the soundtrack didnt do anything for me.  Effect sounds are ok at best.-Scale can be whatever you want to be.  You can choose from multiple types of universes and even ones with multiple universes, so you can make a game however big or small you want.Overall this is a solid game that id give an 7.5/10.    It might take a bit of getting used to, but its really fun once you get the hang of it.  One of the better space RTS games to come along since Sins of a Solar Empire."
76561198040401422,Recommended,282590,18153582,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Dolor,"Star Ruler 2 is a hybrid space 4X/RTS set in a fictional galaxy.What is Great about this game:- Intuitive and enjoyable fleet design, mechanics, and combat- Nicely paced 4X/RTS that does not require twitch reflexes or ADHD to have fun- High level of easy modification available and Steam Workshop supportWhat is Good about this game:- Detailed ship builder allows for different ship designs as the game progresses- Significant options such as diplomacy and trade to play the game as you would want to- Good use of Steam features such as Workshop, trading cards, etcWhat is Bad about this game:- Frustrating initial difficulty that requires mods to become more reasonable- Some systems such as the economy, resource dependency, and planetary development are too obtuse even after hours of playConclusion:If you can modify the game to relax its difficulty to a more manageable degree, Star Ruler 2 has a lot of good ideas to bring to the space 4X/RTS genre.8.0 / 10.0"
76561198012234150,Not Recommended,282590,13883788,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Anthreas,"Don’t get me wrong its a good game but If you have been playing Star Ruler 1 and think this is an improvement to that stop right here.Lets first go over the things missing in Star Ruler 2.Economy: You no longer have a galactic bank with credits, food, metal, electronics, advance parts and luxury items. Nope your planets basically run themselves without the need for these in fact what they need are items you have to import from others in a glorified connect the dots experiment.Your income doesn't pool up instead your on a budget that resets after every cycle.Research is capped in that you cannot level a type of research over and over instead there are x amount of research options with x amount cost involved in unlocking them.Some changes in shipbuilding schematics:Firstly now most support ships don’t have a power requirement unless you research shields and give them those.Schematics now called designs abandon the old way of doing it and now use hexes that you place on a hex grid. While this sounds good at first you will quickly be asking yourself, why can I specify size of my ship then still have to scale things on the hex-grid compared to adding different size components in like in Star Ruler 1.Additionally this system is a bit strange in my opinion. If you create a probe using 3 hexes it will cost more than a fully fledged out scout ship?Mining asteroids is your fancy? Well give up here you wont be making civilian ships anyway... yip no more miners, traders, colonizers, repair ships, scanning ships, heck military vessels don’t even have boarding parties.All this aside the game gets you in combat quickly and fleets are controlled by flag ships that replenish their support ships which make the game allot easier to micromanage so you can get straight to the combat.Overall I understand many gamers are put off by StarRuler 1 however Star Ruler 1 is the most unique game in its genre and the most complicated. Its  a jewel that this game is not even close to.As for this game I personally think Sins of the solar empire is more fun. Want space combat? That game has awesome graphics too!Now only if Star Ruler 1 was on linux like this game is I'd play so much more. 1 up to the developors for supporting another OS in this build!"
,Recommended,282590,15073686,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Giacom (Alex),"Just really good. The UI is intuitive and beginners can easily get into this game. Multiplayer is enjoyable and it supports over 20 players, which is mad to think about. Galaxies can have as many systems as you want and you can even build more than one galaxy. You can even blow up a blackhole!These are my favourite features of the game.The race and FTL you choose can drastically change how you play the game.Ship design can be fully customized with gun, armour and engine placement and much more. Having no armour in the back will leave your ships vulnerable in the back when retreating, for example.Ship AI can be customised, ships can be made to attack in the rear or to shoot from afar, very impressive.Buildings on planets can be placed but civilian buildings will automatically be generated based on the pressure of the planet (a resource to determine how much the population build)You can build moon bases, halo-esk ring worlds, ship yards, customisable orbital stations and customisable  gateways. Content like this just makes it more enjoyable.The resource, democracy and research mechanic is much better than it was in Star Ruler 1 and is really enjoyable.Some criticisms:The AI is hard, even on easy, so I would recommend playing with passive AI first. You need to expand or you will be out-expanded by the AI, I wish you could create a more quality over quantity empire but an AI is a computer and the larger they get, the more they can do.It needs to feature more modules for the ships, there were tons in Star Ruler 1 but not as many here."
76561197970807880,Recommended,282590,22636204,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"Star Ruler 2 is the best 4X I've ever played, and I don't say that lightly. I've played virtually every 4X ever released for the PC, starting with the original Civilization all the way to the newest releases such as Endless Space. None of those games have come close adding the same amount innovation as Star Ruler 2, and I'm afraid I won't enjoy any other other 4X from here on out. Why? Because Star Ruler 2 breaks the old rules, distilling the genre down to what is fun, and minimizing what is not.eXplore: You are rewarded for early exploration, just as in many of the modern 4x titles. However, In Star Ruler 2 this is particually important and exiting because you need certain types of planets to have an effective empire - money, labor, research. High-grade planets of these types can be rare to find, and may result in early conflict. The AI also does a great job ofeXpand: In a typical 4X expansion is a multi-step, time consuming, and once the shooting starts - tedious process. I want to focus on combat, not on building a new granary out on an island somewhere. Large empires becomes an especially annoying chore; turn after turn going through dozens of cities / colonies, with only a few actually contributing to the war effort. Star Ruler 2 requires literally less than one click to colonize in some cases. Planets require no management. Furthermore, which planets to expand to is a strategic decision based on income, boundary disputes with other empires, future expected resources, and strategic / tactical value.eXploit: Planets typically only have one resource. Lesser resources are exported to planets with greater resources, forming supply chains. You can build structures on your planets, but mostly you don't need to; structures are built automatically based on the type of resources supplied to the planet. If you do build, it's not usually for the benefit of the planet itself (the granary example), but to address higher level tactical concerns such as increasing your combat reserve cap. This is a more fun and direct expression of what you do in other 4x games anyway, with a few key colonies contributing to the war effort.eXterminate: Star Ruler 2 lets you build your own ships from the hex-up. This directly ties into the combat system, with a hex-based damage system. You can place weapons on the sides of your ship to make them less vulnerable to being disabled by frontal attacks. You can add interior armor to protect your reactor from going offline. You can add bulkheads to internal systems to increase their toughness, at at greater cost. There's no limit to the number or size of ships in a fleet. And for the first time I've ever seen, larger ships are not automatically better for the cost, such that a mixed fleet is superior to a single large ship.The diplomacy system feels like actual diplomacy, with an intelligent AI making good decisions behind it. You use a resource called influence to buy cards, which you spend for various effects such as negotiation points, planet annexation, or becoming the galactic senator. Use too much influence on one measure and you may not be able to get your way on a later more important measure.Up until about 20 hours in I lost the majority of my battles because the AI just plays that well. It does a great job at picking when to attack, attacking with coordinated fleets, and responding to your own attacks.In summary, I don't usually spend this much time on a Steam review but Star Ruler 2 wasn't even reviewed at all by the major gaming outlets. It's true that many aspects of the game could be explained better given how complex the game is. Still, the developer did an overall excellent job on all aspects of the development and I feel deserves more credit."
76561198023143191,Recommended,282590,13313901,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,JohnCriton,"This will be my longest review of a game ever for me , I am over 40 gamer and all those years, I thought they forgot how to make an indepth game. Now enters StarRuler 2 this game is great from top to bottom it keeps giving and giving.RTS customize and make your maps and systems in space till it fit you and your friends.so many options.Design and test ships before you ever go into battle !The economy and way you look at your planets linked together is just wow good to say the leastGame Play  smooth as glass , never lagged once and this game is in beta !Huge Huge Huge battles and Ships design vs ship design is a challenge!I love that a friend logs on to spectate a game we have been playing for hours and can just hop right in and play or watch!How many games have diplomacy that is a joke? alot This one I still dont know all the things you can do but the things you can do are sweet. Boost stystem output , increase cap ship stats ect.I felt i owed the Star Ruler 2 Team a thank you for a game with some depth and fun! Hours of FUN soThank You! been long long while sence my friends and I had a great RTS! IN SPACE thats it for nowIf you like space RTS multi player this is the game for you!Did i mention you can generate a star or planet that is just to cool!"
,Recommended,282590,13696090,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Barfbag,"A hidden gem in the space RTS genreI haven't had much time to put into this game as of yet but so far I am loving how everything fits together. This is a complex game that doesn't have a big learning curve and is extremly addictive. Below i will describe the elements I like and some improvements that could be made.Empire Management:In most space rts games your star systems are pretty much self reliant and doesnt require reasources to travel from one system to another. Here, if you want to have a powerful industrial/economic/science system you will need that primary stystem to have trade connections to other systems. Each planet can level up, increasing the population and amount of structures that can be built on them but to level up the planet must meet certain reasource requirements (example to get to level 1, a planet must import food and water from both a food and water planet). What this does is allows the player to have multiple home worlds that have a specific purpose (industrial,economic,science) thus opening up a wide range of tactics an enemy can use to damage an empire. It's difficult to explain but once you see it for yourself it makes perfect sense.Fleet Managementthe combat in this game is all about building fleets and the start of every fleet begins with a flagship. Once you have a flagship built you can link multiple support ships, the only limit being the number of support points a flagship has and that number gets bigger the larger the flagship is so a size 100 flagship may only support a size 300 support fleet whereas a size 500 flagship can support 3000 using the right modules. Which brings us to....Ship DesignLike other space RTS games you can design the internal specs of your falgships and support ships (weapons, armor, shields, command and control modules ect) which allows you to change your tactics when approaching an enemy. Maybe you want a flagship designed around amassing a huge fleet, or a flagship that is a WMD, its all whatever you make of it.CombatSupport ships will always stay in formation with the flagship so managing which supportships go with which flagship is not an issue as they are linked. This makes it easy to coordinate offensives and defenses with multiple flagships. in combat your flagship targets an enemy flagship (or whatever target you specify) and the fleet engages. It's very simple with the fleet management that is implemented here and it looks epic when you have massive fleets duking it out.DiplomacyThis is the crown jewel imo. In most space rts's diplomacy takes a backseat with very limited options. Here it's a card game.... Not kidding, it's all about using influence (a reasource you aquire from specific planets) to buy cards that pop up from time to time. Certain cards are very desirable and your enemy may buy them before you do if you aren't quick enough. For example certain cards allow you to capure an entire solar system without ever firing a shot. Such cards when you use them bring up a galactic vote where you can use negotiation cards to win favor and it turns into a game of who has the more votes wins! It's pure genius and much like how politics works in real life. (it's all about political capital)There are some things that could use some improvement but i expect some of these things could be handled with mods. For example there could be more ship designs and different ship formations. The graphics are also not stellar (no pun intended) but that also allows for bigger fleets and smoother gameplay (I haven't run into any latency at all). A storyline would also help not only get new people into the game and learn the mechanics but also immerse people into the lore of the game.I think that's enough from me, this is a must buy for any fan of the space RTS genre that crushes others like it. I'm suprised I only heard of this after scrolling through page 10 of steam's top sellers in the strategy section."
76561198007310984,Recommended,282590,15143067,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Meowfyy,"Star Date: Wrote this on Patch 1.0.0------------------------------------------------------------------Captain's Log: Have been playing 4x Space Games since I was in elementary school starting with MOO, SE, Gal Civ, Stars!, etc. If there's been a good 4x game, I've probably at least tried it.------------------------------------------------------------------Combat Systems Ready:(+) Diplomacy - Faction on Faction diplomacy is simple enough. All of the basic functions are there. What really stands the game out is the innovative card system. Use influence to purchase cards to suggest new universal regulations such as annexing a rival's system or declaring your own homeworld as the home of the Galactic Senate. Buy other cards to support your own proposals while rejecting those of your rivals. Manipulate other empires to join your crusade against your enemies lest they remember your wrath in their future proposals. The possibilities are extremely deep and I'd place this as the #1 innovation for SR2.(+) Ship Building / Planet Building - Ships you build tile by tile. The larger you build a gun and it's subsystem, the stronger it'll be. Place armor around vulnerable areas such as the front but don't forget to neglect the rear lest the enemy sends in a pincer fleet. Planets have building room dependent on size. Each planet also has unique terrain features that seperate from other worlds. Depending on the terrain, buildings such as research labs and farms cost less so you'll have to plan accordingly to maximize your credits.(+) Fleets - Most games you'll command 20 ships in the late game. Some give you a hundred. Here the basic unit of combat is the fleet. You build a capital ship and then attach up to hundreds of smaller support ships to that capital ship to fight. What results is hundreds of laser beams, missiles, cannons firing off at each other. Each ship is rendered and simply put, that's just awesome.(+) Economy - I'm hesitant to label this as purely a strength. I find the economy a bit simple but more on a positive note than a negative note. For those who are used to the complexity of games such as Distant Worlds, SR2 will be a big downgrade. Each planet usually produces 1 resource. You then connect those resources to other planets that produce more complex resources to level them up and then you ship those complex resources to a major population center to level them up so they grow more and are more productive. What results is many resource worlds and a few concentrated centers in each empire. Now this does provide interesting opportunities such as allowing an apt leader to focus their attention on those major centers  to deal the biggest damage. On the other hand, perhaps the regional capital is too difficult to assault and  knocking out all of the food suppliers might be a more effective way to neutralize the population.... Overall, I'll label this a positve because for new players, it's simple enough to get into and only the most diehard captains of industry will feel bored with the economy of SR2.(+) Tutorial - There's a lot of games that do the tutorial wrong or make it super confusing. SR2 did it right. It explains all you need to know to get started and does so in a UI-friendly manner.------------------------------------------------------------------Out of Supplies(-) Empire Customization: Yes you can customize by assigning your empire a unique government / space travel method and a few other features. You can also give your empire a portrait and which set of ships to use but that's about it. I'd have liked to be able to pick more bonuses for each empire such as maybe I'll take +10% budget but my ships do -10% damage or some trades like that. These are usually basics and for the game not to have them available was a bit of a let down.(-) Tech Tree: The tech tree is a bit convoluted to look at. There's simply too many options being thrown onto a beehive grid that just disorients the eyes. Oh I need more budget, let me find how I can get to more business techs. Scan, scan, scan, oh there it is. Now I need more budget, oh the next tech and it's prerequisites for more budget is up here. It's just a bit too disorganized, especially for new players.------------------------------------------------------------------Overall I'd give this game 8 fleets blowing up out of 10. You'll find some new features that are unique to this game such as fleet design and diplomacy done right. I didn't touch on this but moddability will surely fix some of the weaknesses such as the lack of empire customization so that's why I didn't weigh too heavily on that part.Anyways, fleet battles are epic and hopefully we can see thousands of thousands of ships fighting one day over some backwater planet that was only made important because multiple fleets decided to clash over it. That's my dream and the dream of many 4x space lovers!------------------------------------------------------------------I recorded the tutorial for those who want to see some gameplay of all the features:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWXO4cpcMochttps://www.youtube.com/user/xBr0wnBear"
76561198001983352,Recommended,282590,21067133,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Orinoco,"I really think that SR2 is one of the best space 4x games out there. It also has some elements that are very different and unique, which take some getting used to but I think are things that I would really like to see future 4x games model themselves on.I really like how SR2 handles the economy model. Each planet has a resource token, and you improve planets by connecting them with supply lines to other planets. So for example to get a level 2 planet you will need to connect it to a level 1 planet, and a level 0 planet. And that level 1 planet will itself need to be connected to two level 0 planets. Leveling up your planets allows them to generate more player resources (money initially, and then the other resources too as the civilian economy builds up), which you then use to spend on stuff like normal.Unlike other 4x games where building your economy means collecting resources from the environment and spending them on upgrades, in SR2 you essentially build your economy by gaining access to planets (by colonization or by force) which you then use to create a web of supply lines. There's a lot more depth to it than that, but there's the basic idea.It's very different from other 4x games and kind of board-game like. It also takes some getting used to, but I love it. Supply lines REALLY MATTER in this game, and it makes strategic warfare really interesting. While in other 4x games you kind of just build the biggest stacks you can and throw them at your enemy's homeworld, in SR2 it really pays off to figure out what systems form the ""critical link"" in your enemy's supply chain, and strike there. While likewise protecting your own critical systems.Sure you can try smashing your fleets into the enemy's home planets, but generally highly developed worlds also have large automatically generated defense fleets to go with them. Meanwhile, breaking that link could cause those powerhouse level 4 or 5 planets to start turning back into level 2s or 1s!There's also lots more about this game that I really like, the diplomacy system, the ship building system. It's really fun watching the back-and-forth on a contentious issue in a diplomacy vote, or trying to push your side of a vote with the right use of diplomacy cards. Diplomacy is another one of the game's strong points, but this review is already long enough.  I've also spent hours in the ship design sandbox playing with designs, it's a fairly solid system, even if the hex grid causes ships to be a bit oddly shaped sometimes.And now to the minuses. The game REALLY needs better documentation. While the tutorials and tooltips do an adequate job, it takes some time to get the gist of things, and there are a few UI tricks (like using the mousewheel when transferring ships between fleets) that you can only find out about by searching online. It took me several hours into my second game before the philosophy behind the economy in this game really clicked (which is why I made sure to describe it above, once I realized the idea behind it, my enjoyment of the game literally went up an order of magnitude). Other things like how damage penetrates into the insides of ships along lines on the ship's blueprint's hex grid (which has a big impact on how you design ships), you can only find out through playing the game, really. The default race portraits are kind of bland looking, but that was easily solved by picking up a portrait pack from the Workshop.Even if everything was well documented, the game still has a fairly steep learning curve. Even if you are a 4x veteran, I highly recommend starting your first game with all AIs on the lowest possible difficulty setting. Yes, the one lower than ""easy,"" and starting a new game once you've mastered the basics of building an economy up to at least the tier III level. It does take some time to get used to SR2's way of doing things, but once you do I really think there is a lot to like about it."
76561198012821328,Recommended,282590,16307982,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,The Unfettered,"This is an utterly stellar game (pun... partially intended). It's hard to express in a brief review what this game does and how well it does it, but suffice to say, it delivers on every promise it makes in the store page breakdown. It takes the basic 4X formula, then does so many innovative little things with it that I never once had another 4X game in my mind. As bold as it is in this regard, everything it changes WORKS, and oh so well.I'm really at a loss for how to properly lay out this review, so I'll refer you to some other users' reviews and instead touch on some of the highlights for me personally. It'll get long-winded, so if you want a summary, here it is: Star Ruler 2 is a spectacular game, both for 4X fans and sci-fi fans in general. Even RTS fans are like to find appeal. If you're on the fence, thinking, ""Well it looks good, but I dunnooooo..."", my advice is get it. I was, I did, and I'm not sorry.Now, to the point-by-point breakdown:- The hex-based ship design is way more fun than I'd have imagined. It really makes every ship ""count"". It attaches you to your creations. Furthermore, the design MATTERS. It's more than just racking up numbers and min/maxing; the combat in Star Ruler 2 actually simulates physical interactions between ships, meaning you have to take care to lay out your ship in a way that protects vital subsystems without sacrificing too much in the way of firepower and maneuvering.- The fleet system is just so great. Where most games force you to tediously build every single ship by hand and then group 4 to 12 of them to call it a ""fleet"", Star Ruler 2 centers fleets around one (often expensive) flagship, and has hundreds of smaller support craft attached to it. Each individual ship acts on its own in battle, but as a part of the whole the is the fleet. it's awe-inspiring to watch, and it somehow doesn't break my system, either!- One of my favorite features regarding ships is the ability to set a size. You input a size when designing ships, and that size scales everything from the health offered by each hex to the amount of damage your weapons inflict and your armor soaks.Even more impressive is that the ships ACTUALLY scale, physically, with the number you input. I was shocked when I made a copy of a size 500 battleship and set it to 5,000 as a test, to find it turned out to be bigger than the SUN. Given that you can make orbital battle stations and the like, you can literally build a Death Star; a hulking behemoth with over 8 million HP. (I am not exaggerating one bit; of course, this is if your empire can afford such a thing.)- For those who fancy ship creation and simply watching battles, there's a ship designer sandbox that allows you to create anything your heart desires, ignoring cost and all else, and spawn it in open space as an ally or enemy. If you just feel like watching ten massive fleets of your creation duke it out without all the 4X fluff, you can do that.- Empire management is meaningful. Where other 4X games just have you taking a planet and letting it get bloated with population to become a big producer of the major resources, Star Ruler 2 forces you to think. Planets require certain resources to grow, and these are supplied as exports from other planets. But a planet can only export a resource to one place. This means you have to really pour resources from several planets into one key planet, rather than just sitting idle while everything grows to insane proportions.- The 4X resources - in this case, things like wealth, influence, FTL charge, energy and research - aren't automatically produced based on abstract values attached to a planet. In general, they require pressure. Each planet can handle so much pressure, and pressure tells the planet what to produce. It's hard to explain... Here's an example. Electronics generate wealth pressure, because if electronics are being imported to a planet, this means they're being sold as a consumer product. That leads to sales tax revenue. In other words, the types of luxury resources a planet has, either natively or by export, drive the production of the major resources in your empire. It's a novel and very fun mechanic to play with.- Diplomacy matters! Influence is a resource you can generate, and you use it to pick up diplomacy cards or to play cards you possess. You can play these cards for a variety of effects, from spying on other empires to giving your flagship a name, but one key way you spend many of the cards is in diplomatic events. These are events that pop up, either organically or when played by another empire, and affect every empire equally. However, there are boons both for the empire who placed the most votes in favor of the motion and to the one who placed the most opposed votes, depending on whether the motion ends up passing or failing.These are often significant bonuses, and thus it can be worth going after them, plus there's the matter of the actual policy being voted upon and the outcome you desire for it. It becomes a tug of war for votes one way or the other before time expires on the vote, and you can either spend Influence to cast votes with certain cards, or you can offer gifts to empires who supply at least a given number of votes for or against the motion, according to your request. It's fascinating little minigame that makes the political side of the game fun and engaging.- The creation of races is pretty fun as well, and not extremely time consuming even if you want to bring in custom portraits and flags. The latter is simply a matter of dropping PNG images in the appropriate folders. The rest is a matter of choosing options for your civilization using a point-buy system. Similar to customization in the Endless 4X games. What makes it feel cooler, however, is the fact that you get two very specific types of options that feel like they have a pretty big impact as opposed to the options in similar systems: government and FTL method. Your choice of government dictates several starting bonuses for your empire, and certain choices will even affect your play style for the rest of the game. FTL method is something I'd never have thought of myself; you pick how your race achieves faster than light travel. You can build gates that allow fleets to jump between them, similar to the FTL in Mass Effect lore, you can have your race build standard old jump drives, tear holes in time and space to achieve instantaneous travel... Or, for a huge increase in points to spend on other aspects of your civilization, you can say you haven't even achieved FTL travel.There are several more things, and I could rant all day, but this review has already gone on far longer than I'd have liked. The summary: Star Ruler 2 innovates the genre in an astounding way, and is proving to be the most fun I've had with a 4X game since Civilization was a new series to me. It's a breath of fresh air that I feel is precisely what this genre needed. I've owned the game for around 20 hours and have been playing for nearly half of those; I can easily see myself playing for 150 more."
76561197974628587,Recommended,282590,16246078,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Kinder Bueno,"There are a few key elements which makes this game special:1)You cannot stockpile money. If you didn't spend your budget then the excess will be transfered to either diplomacy, science, labor, energy or defense. You can also spend all your money for each budget but it means that you won't boost one of the resource listed above.2)Diplomacy is played through cards. Each card is an action, a vote or a proposition. All these cards are purchased with the diplomacy resource from a global pool showing who purchased what. The cards are sold in a kind of auction system so if you have a strategy and you really need to purchase a specific card then you will have to pay early and pay more for it. You can also purchase the leftovers and try a more defensive diplomatic approach while you beat your enemy with military.3)You cannot just colonize each planet as soon as you discover them.. This is how the game limits the ""rush to expansion"". If you just rush and colonize every planet you will find that your planets won't produce any money and will in fact cost you money. Planets have level, ranging from 0 (colony) to 5 (huge metropol).  For a planet to produce money you have to upgrade it (starting from a L0 colony) by providing it with resources from other planets. In the end your empire will look like a pyramid of planets, a lot of small planets providing food, water and material to bigger and bigger planets. This works well, you can choose to auto-upgrade your planets and the game will make the import/export of resources for you. Some people prefer to optimize it and do everything by themselves.If you are a min-maxer you will find plenty of mechanism to keep you busy. For example the game let you unlock new systems for your ships through the research tree and then it's up to you to come with a new design including what you just discovered. (You can also download new designs from the workshop if you are uninspired). Nearly each planet comes with a specific resource which will boost something in your empire (production,research,diplomacy,etc) of unique features so if you enjoy fine tuning things you will be fine.On the downside, the research tree is a mess, it's difficult to find which technology you are currently researching but it makes the job. The main map can also be a mess when many races have overlapping systems, the frontiers become nearly impossible to read. But all of this is cosmetic and the core of the game is really good. The AI also tends to surrender too easily to another AI, which makes the endgame snowballing against you if you are too cautious.TL;DRThe game needs more polish but this is a very solid, features filled RTS game."
,Recommended,282590,18477167,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,The Riz,"I'm going to make this short and sweet. I like the diplomacy part of the game, it's better with more participants. I have won matches without firing a shot just due to good diplomacy. The card system is perfect.The tech tree is a mess. The developers may have had a logical flow in mind but whatever they were thinking I don't see it. The tech upgrades go all over the place and don't seem to fall in a logically linear order that we see in many other similar games.The planet management portion is probably the biggest part of the game. Upgrades to make planets more capable require certain planet types. The level five planets require a huge chain of planets. Lose a planet at the bottom of the chain and a large portion of your chain of upgrades comes slowly crashing down, along with your income.Fleet management is rather easy, the flag ship-support ship relationship is ingenious.Ship design is an art form. Literally. It's like a mini-game in itself, just trying to get the most effective ship design with what tech you have, interior space and funding available. The more you design and test in battle the better you'll get. Note that the support ships can perform certain roles within the fleet, like protecting the flagship, killing the opposing flagship, etc. So you can design support ships to fit those roles.The only thing i've not really figured out is the rate at which you gain anything other than money... influence, energy, FTL, etc.Otherwise I like the game."
,Recommended,282590,17025010,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,MaximumTrekkie,"Alright, here's what happened-I mined all of the asteroids in my home system, even tractoring some from other systemsI built and artficial planetoid and upgraded it to a level 5 and built a gate and outpost in orbitI added additional layers to it for more spaceI then filled it with production facilities and REALLY BIG GUNSI then slapped a massive planetary thruster onto itI then used a rename card to call it the Death StarTL;DR- I built the Death StarI also made a massive size 10,000 ship that can destroy a planet in 6-8 seconds(But it has a cooldown of 30 seconds).Or another awesome thing-I use a Star Forge to eat multiple star systems to build a massive ringworld around my capitalUnfortunately, it uses the health of the nearest star, so I left it there too long and the star went supernova and blew the Star Forge and the new fleet I'd been building to Hell!TL;DR- Don't leave your Star Forge unattended or bad things will happen1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000/10 - I built a Death Star and accidentally caused a supernova (and then later caused a couple on purpose)"
76561198067516181,Recommended,282590,11357361,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Provolt,"THIS REVIEW IS OUT OF DATE, I'm no longer updating. I will release a new one when the game comes out. Ps. It's awesome buy it if you like RTS's or if you like fun._____________________________________________________________________(Edits now at the bottem of the review)(Excuse the terrible grammer and such.) (12am and I'm tired.)Since this game seems to be getting more hate than love I thought I'd throw in my two logical cents in, and take a real look at this game.In it's current state (7/21/2014) the game is playable and very enjoyable. Im not a big fan of Rts games when it comes to space. I've played sins and AI war, neither seemed to grasp me as this game has. Sins is certainly enjoyable, and has a slight one up when it comes to combat. However sins is a fully realized game and is complete. This isnt, and thats what people need to realize when it comes to early access games. AI war in my oppinion was a mess. I'm sure it was a great game but the UI just made my mind explode. Star Ruler 2 has a fantasic UI and an awesome alert system on the right side of the screen. The UI reminds me a bit of paradox's games, CK2, and Europa. In regards to visablity and ease of access that is.Comparasins aside:The diplomacy, from what I've seen, Is very orginal and fun. It keeps you on your toes and makes diplomacy a real part of the game, and not so much as a side mechanic. It has you buying cards. The cards are used in a multitude of ways, from an eco boost, to the annexation of an entire star system.Economy is in my oppinion very fun. Planets need resources from other planets to help your population grow and become more andvanced. There are tierd resources that go up to 3 and range from common to uncommon. There are even special resources that you can export to certain planets for an added boost to a certain stat. Aside from planets you can also mine comets and astroids to gain more reasources.Research is a bit lack luster. Dev's can correct me if im wrong, but I've heard that they will be working on it more and making it more intresting. As it is now, you pick a catagory to research and depending on your science per minute you will accumulate points in that catagory until its complete. With ceratin tech, you will get these other things that go with them. (I'm %0 sure on what these are or how that work) From what I've seen, you get a point to spend after youve researched 4 peices of tech. That point is random in its specialty, but with that point you can spend it in the special things youve gotten from past tech. (If this review gets popular, the devs might want to put in how it actually works, otherwise I can edit this once I figure more out.)I also can't really speak for the ship building as I havn't really used it. I've heard that the ship building will also be worked on extensivly. (I may be wrong on this too.)The combat is not special but has potential. You can do cool moves with the FTL drives but besides that, you kinda just build your ships and throw them at the enemy.My favorite things about this game:-You can explore space in anyway you like (Sub-light, FTL, there are no set paths)-THE ♥♥♥♥ING PLANETS DONT ALL ROTATE AROUND ONE STAR ♥♥♥♥♥♥really bugged my about sins)-You can manage buildings on your planetsThings I don't really like:-The 2D artwork is a bit nasty. I really hope it's a place holder (profiles, buildings on the planet view)-The lack of races to choose from. (betting that there will be more)-Combat could be a little more interactive. Rather than just throw stuff at eachother-I would like to see maybe some fleet formations that you could set-Maybe some sepical heavy weapons-Really you can do a lot with combat(This review will be edited in the future) (Prolly left some stuff out by mistake)-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Edit 1:I forgot to say that there's also an ingame wiki that works really well!Edit 2:I would really love to see some patch notes on the game. Like an archive. I do realize that there is a live patch notes discussion on the steam fourms. However thats only talking about up coming patches, and isn't reported down somewhere after it goes live. (There might already be something like this, I could be really blind)Edit 3:Sadly I've gotten two crashes now, once when first starting a game and the second was during a game in which I had put in good couple of hours into. Save often if you dont wanna end up like me ;_;. Dev's Please fix."
,Recommended,282590,15460539,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Felicity♡,"First of all, I'm a fan of 4x games. Now, I've somewhat strayed away from them over time; I've found a differing love for grand strat in the vein of Paradox games, specifically the economical and political ones such as Victoria 2. I ended up having a distaste for civ 5 and certain other new games (the endless bunch, etc) because they were just.. well, either too easy, or too messy. Several decent ideas wrapped in a gross tortilla, or something like that. I started to dislike how board-gamey they got to cater to the people who couldn't stand micro. I hadn't even really heard of Star Ruler 2(SR2) until earlier today, when I saw Scott Manley blow up a black hole. I pretty much bought it on the spot.I've not played SR1.Steam says I've played almost 8 hours of this game. An hour of that was in the tutorial and a 'practice' game I played, and the other seven hours were in a full game I did. The full game took place in two galaxies of 40 and 30 planets respectively, with myself and 4 AIs. I used a custom race.I will go through each of what I feel are the main elements of a 4x game, rate them, compare them, and write criticisms.--- The UI ---Positives: One of the biggest dinks that most 4x games get- the user-friendliness of the UI. It is understandable, as pushing enough information to the user that's required can sometimes leave the UI cluttered, with too many buttons, too many numbers, etc.. SR2 does both extremely well and somewhat poorly in this regard, neutralizing out to it having a decent UI. The big pluses are fantastic- the game operates in a tabbed format with different types of windows, so if you want to have four tabs for your best planets, you can. You can customize your different views of the galaxy, zoom to them at will, etc- keep a tab open for research, keep a tab open for whatever you want, really. The quick-ui that shows fast info on the side of the screen is also fairly informative, and makes it easy to do things at a glance.It also doesn't restrict much of what you can do, as you can affect the game using the UI (tethering planets for trade is one of the most important game mechanics as I will explain later, and you can tether a planet from its notice on the ui, for example). For what it does, the UI is extremely functional, and superior to its competitors. The built-in wiki that runs very well and the IRC to get quick help/talk to other players is also very nice, as while I may not want to play multiplayer at this time, I do still like talking to other players.Negatives: On even a medium sized map, the UI gets extremely cluttered near the end of the game. You get lost in a sea of information that takes quite a while to discern exactly what you want to do. A lot of the 'resource icons' on planets are fairly small, so when I'm looking at 20 unused resources I seriously have to mouse over to see what each one is, unless it's something very easy to remember and see like water. There are quite a few resources, so I can't imagine how to fix this without shafting users with a lower resolution.The technology grid is a chore. It's somewhat difficult at a glance to tell what is researched and what isn't, what is available and what is. It took me much longer than it should have to even find the starting point of the grid. In most other 4x games, even Distant Worlds, the research grid/chart is extremely easy to understand, though the actual contents of it may not be. Greying out techs you can't even possibly buy yet(but you can still mouse over for info) would be a huge step in the right direction. It's also sometimes hard to tell where the tech grid is going.. it will end up in weird places that aren't really logically conducive to itself. Overall, the grid isn't very nice to look at. I'm sure familiarization with it would help, but compared to something like Endless Legend which has a pretty good tech grid system, this is just a bit too ambiguous.The technology grid has been redone to be easier to understand and find what you're looking for.--- Core Mechanics ---Just like every other 4x game, the core mechanics are to build your empire, strengthen your military, create a massive economy, protect your borders or crush your enemies, and be the dominant empire on the map. SR2 uses some traditional 4x systems (such as the building construction), some things of its own design, and things from other genres. The game, first of all, runs in real time. You can slow down, speed up, and pause the game. It is not the pseudo-realtime of Paradox games- it is true real time. Thankfully, everything happens slow enough at 1x speed that it is not much of an issue. The most imporatant part of the game is managing your resources, colonizing useful planets, leveling up your core worlds, and making economic powerhouses. The game REQUIRES expansion; you cannot support a huge economy by trade alone, and there is no way to turtle. I think it is one of the few games where I got to the end of my expansion and truly started eyeing my neighbors for what they have, rather than being content with my borders while being able to endlessly improve on itself. You 'tether' trade from worlds to other worlds, leveling them up by tethering a certain amount of resources to a specific world. For example, it takes merely food and water to level a planet up to level 1. After that, it requires more food to sustain the higher population, plus raw materials of some kind to create planetary 'production' which is reflected in a higher population, level, labour (production), and more things.Each colonized planet has a single resource, and rarely two (typically one that it supplies to itself for free). Some resources have extra special effects, such as increasing research, influence (to be explained), or your 'energy'(also to be explained).This leads to feeding all your expansion planets into one of your core worlds to make a few very powerful economic powerhouses; managing all your resources to efficiently make as many strong planets as possible to support a larger military and production base. No longer can one create a Venice and protect it only; you MUST keep your logisitical supply lanes protected, as one lost system can break your whole economic structure down and require a full restructuring. This is the core, and the essence of the game. It reminds me very dsitinctly of the Anno series, though you do not specifically need certain resources to enhance planets.Although you may find yourself strained for resources, there are ways to increase your number of planets without conquest. There are a few 'relic' type things scattered around the map which let you do things like create new stars, new planets, etc etc. There are lots of cool things. Using one of these requires energy, which is gained via research and resources. Energy is simply a 'mana' type substance which is used to activate these abilities and certain extra special abilities ships have that can be equipped later via technology, such as blink. These types of abilities are very cool, and you definitely start to feel like an interstellar god as your empire grows bigger.Construction is based on the civilian sector. Much like Distant Worlds, you, as a federal government, have little control over your civilian sector. It automatically constructs cities and improvements on your planets as long as you supply them correctly. There are buildings you can put on planets which are expensive and cost upkeep, but for the most part, civilians and the AI take care of everything on the surface. Orbital space stations are player-built, at least.Steam reviews has a limit on characters, so please go here to continue reading:http://steamcommunity.com/app/282590/discussions/1/611703999978496608/Thanks if you got this far already!"
76561197969743394,Not Recommended,282590,11392755,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Adepts,"So far Star Ruler 2 has me extremely concerned....  I'm not going to condemn it quite yet because I understand it is effectively in beta the same way Star Ruler 1 was when I purchased that game, but even in its beta I absolutely LOVED Star Ruler 1.  In comparison Star Ruler 2 just feels like a step backwards in several departments but I will try to sum up my opinions in point format.Pros:1.  So far the audio that I've heard makes the audio in SR1 look like completel garbage, awesome job guys.2.  The graphics are current about on par with SR1, better in some regards, worse in others but I'm sure after they refine everything this will be like the audio making the graphics of SR1 look like crap.3.  Ship movement seems to be better in SR2 thatn SR1 so far and I can only assume it will improve.  I liked ship movement in SR1 but sometimes whatever controlled ship movement in SR1 would do silly amusing things that would require intervention.4.  While I've never been big on dealing with the diplomacy side of games as it isn't my thing, I can say thus far SR1 practically has no diplomacy in comparison to SR2.5.  Ability to not only add additional systems to a galaxy but to have multiple galaxies! I wanted this in SR1 so badly!Cons:1.  Ship design - Okay, maybe I will condemn SR2 just a little bit.  SR2 has a ship design similar to other games I've played in the past and I absolutely hate this style.  SR2's ship design feels like the beta for a game that came out 10 years prior to SR1.  I'm sorry, I absolutely hate this new ship design method.  In my opinion you guys nearly had it perfect in SR1 and has been the best method I've used in any game to date.2.  Colonization & Planet development - I spend far more time in SR2 finding the planets I need and setting up routes than I would ever care to, this is such a huge complaint for me as it is a massive boring time waste to me and I don't to customize my planets nearly to the extent I could in SR1.  I end up searching through multiple systems on a constant basis trying to find all the requirements I need to set up a trade route to level up a planet and on a regular basis end up never colonizing some planets simply because I can't use the single resource they have and don't want to pay any upkeep for the stupid planet.  In SR1 no matter how small the planet was I could find some use for it, I could make a planet dedicated to research or producing food for my empire or just make a multi-purpose planet, I was truely the ruler of an empire where as in SR2 a planet is marked as 'fish' and that is all it can and ever will be.  I could go on about all the flaws of this system but suffice it to say I am seriously let down by it in comparison to SR1.3.  The research page is just bleh, I wish I could give more constructive examples/reasonings as to why I dislike it or how it could be improved but I honestly don't know at the moment.Others: (I'm like 99% sure these will be resolved overtime but I feel I should mention them anyways)1.  Race portraits - Small selection and no where near as good as SR1 in my personal opinion, way to cartoonie2.  Racial traits - Very small selection limiting your ability to create a custom race3.  Unless I'm missing something I don't see anywhere to pick a ship set (what your ships will look like)4.  Very few sub systems to put in your ship designs5.  Lack of detailed descriptions for various items/objectsI am still hoping with all my heart that SR2 will be a great successor to SR1 and will keep playing SR2 throughout its development, but as it stands right now I honestly couldn't reccomend this game to anyone as I just don't see the designers completely redesigning key parts of its system that I have such strong dislikes for such as the new ship designer."
,Recommended,282590,12395823,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Shurimoo,"I loved the first, though it had its problems and I love this iteration even more.Star Ruler 2 takes the good things from SR1 and makes the great.Diplomacy? Redone and changed entirely from the now 'staple' civilization-style diplomacy system, for the better in the extreme.Ship Design? Early in its design but the overall idea is far better and really only needs more hull types and subsystems to be better than SR1's system.Economy? Truly beautiful. Possibly complicated or difficult to manage for some, but they are definitely adding things to streamline it- from autoimporting resources at the click of a mouse to a ""Planets"" tab that lets you glance at the page and see your entire economic trade network instantly. A breath of fresh air from the fragility and unimportance of the planets in SR1, the planets in SR2 are very important especially when you take the time to upgrade their Tier.I realize this review is rather unspecific regarding the game mechanics, but I feel a lot of the other reviews cover them well enough and the nuances of the mechanics are technically still liable to change anyway. I mainly write this review just to add another voice of support to this beautiful craft of love from Blind Mind Studios."
,Recommended,282590,12702783,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The DM,"Being a long term fan of Star Ruler, I picked up Star Ruler 2 out of sheer devotion to the developers. Thankfully, after playing the game, I can say that the loyalty was well deserved. Where Star Ruler was a game of potential, but lacking little polish, Star Ruler 2 is a game that has ample servings of both. Wether you are looking to build a massive empire, or just see glorious battles of sheer carnage, Star Ruler 2 will sate your cravings.Still in Beta, the game already has most of the groundwork that will enable it to be played for hours on end. Be it the designing of ships from the bottom up, the beatiful beams of light sending ships to their oblivion, or the much more accessible UI, the game is a testament to developers who have a vision, and though they have made mistakes along the way, aren't above learning from their mistakes to create a better game. They have taken what works from the original game and worked it into a much higher quality version.The accessibility of the developers is also a huge plus to this game. Whereas many titles on early access have a hit or miss relationship with the developers, often times devolving into sporadic comments on a monthly basis, the Star Ruler 2 team has taken the initiative to integrate an IRC into the game, allowing instantaneous, or near to depending on work/sleep schedules, interaction with the developers.If you are interested in playing an Early Access game done right, and want to see your own ships, or the enemies, blowing up in the process, Star Ruler 2 is the game for you."
76561198106013105,Recommended,282590,15923911,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Galactic Origins,"Star Ruler 2 is a really good game. Although it is real time the speed can be slowed down so as to handle things nicely. Colonies level up real well, just connect food + water and maybe some resources and good to go. It is a nice looking game with decent graphics for the small size of the game (600 MB). The technology tree is varied and fun to explore - every tech makes a nice difference. Diplomacy is great! There are cards to play and votes to influence. Ship design is fun and highly recommended to get the best ships built. Watching the battles is a blast!Global resources include Influence for diplomacy, Energy for artifacts, Money for buying things, and Research for new technologies. There are all slightly different in how they work and are handled very well. There is not a lot of micromanagement in the game, just enough to keep a player busy just right. This is a good game design. The AI is fun to fight.I have played many space 4x games in the past 30 years and Star Ruler 2 is one of the very best!"
,Recommended,282590,22954485,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Horus,"Backstory: this game was released not two weeks before the much-anticipated Stellaris. It looked promising, and was on special, so I said, why not, I have a good 10 days to kill waiting for Stellaris. That is why and how I purchased this game. So I got to play 32 hours before Stellaris hit. For comparison, I have 36 hours in the Paradox space strategy game. So yeah, I'll do some comparions but first, let's talk about Star Ruler 2,The first thing that hit me is that it was intriguing from the start. It has its own flavor, its own style. The graphics are actually very nice, and you can zoom in to see the details of a ship, or zoom out until the whole galaxy takes up a third of your screen. You can make the galaxy humongous, over two thousand systems. You can design your own ships, it's easy, fun, AND effective.And this game is complex. If you want a challenge to wrap your brain around, then this is it, because it has empire-building, resource exploitation, warfare, piracy, technology, and last but not least, galactic politics, where grievances such as ""he took a system in my arm of the galaxy, make him give it back!"" can be put forth and voted on by the various empires.Of course, there is no voice acting. The menus and interface look somewhat primitive. Obviously the game is from a small studio and they didn't have a million bucks to throw at these very secondary considerations. If you prefer a very glitzy production, you'll be disappointed in this title. However, if you are looking for a space 4X with infinite replay value, then this is probably your ticket.So while Stellaris is basically Europa Universalis IV dressed up as a space 4X with some glitz on top, this is a unique, engaging, intriguing, and yes, complex space game that can have you coming back for more and more.Many a time during my 36 hours of Stellaris my thoughts went to this game instead...  A year from now, I believe I will have many more hours playing Star Ruler 2.TL;DR:This game gets a 9/10 from me. Looks good, runs great, fun to play, game style is fairly unique, discovery and mystery abound, the replay value is infinite, the only thing missing is some more refinement on the UI."
,Recommended,282590,14938909,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,BMF,"What I REALLY like:+++++ The battles... awsome.. just awsome. 5 stars there.+++++ The whole idea about building a fleet around a flagship and just adding support ships is genius, fits perfectly in a RTS where you do not want to start rallying your ships and form your fleets and so on. Really easy to manage without getting lost.+++++ The fact that you have a budget that you can spend and not treasury. It's indeed so in the real life macro economics.+++++ Planetary buildings and the fact that you have developed and non developed areas. very cool! Not so many choices for buildings, but that is ok it brings the complexity down.+++ You don't get lost in micromanaging your colonies, it's fairly easy and straightforward, you do not lose time with it.+++ Ship designer is pretty cool, not as cool as SD1 though, but still+++ The fact that you have resources, but not how you use them. Will get back to that.+++ Galactic senate and the voting and influencing principles. Extremely cool, Could be more developed, so that there are more economic decisions and things that affect your gameplay more directly, but the idea is perfect.+++ Artefacts, and anomalies. Niiice.+++ Multiple galaxies+++ Asteroids which you can mineWhat wasn't quite like what I would have liked:----- AI is not really challenging. I had 5 races in the game, one was hard. At some point I had like 25.000 points (diplomacy screen), and the hard computer had like 50.000. He started to subjugate other factions so I declared war to press the break for him. He had 0 ... none, zilch attack fleets. I conquered him in a matter of 20 minutes, bombed the planets did not want to occupy and good bye number 1...Everything he got in terms of military was stationed in orbit (only support ships) which I sniped from the distance with reaaaaally long range muon cannons. Which brings me to the next point:--- You can lineary increase your weapon range wihout limit by just putting more of the same weapon module next to each other. Does that mean that if the weapon is bigger will shoot farther? didn't really feel ok, you should have a limitation somewhere. I built a Titan with ONE Muon cannon that can fire across the solar system--- How the colonies evolve... completely dependent on one another. I think you should be able to upgrade your colonies somehow to get to level 5 on their own. Perhaps go into a direction (farming level 5, city planet level 5... and so on).--- How resources are used: I would imagine that for building a ship you need resources like steel, iron whatever the ship is made of. This is what I was expecting.I like for instance the idea in Sins of the Solar empire, where you accumulate resources and you need them to research build or as maintainance. This is something that I find realistic. Sending Explosives and Chemicals to a planet to increase it's level and still be a farming planet... well not really what I had in mind :-)--- Import/export : Economics and trade does not work that way. A government does not impose which resource goes where (well maybe perhaps in communism it does). However, trading should be based on demand/supply and not on what you want when you want it.- Diplomacy with other factions still needs work (I suppose it's beta this is why). No real espionage, and no real treaties actually. Completely non transparent on why they decline something when they do. Guess it's not readySo from my point of view, on a 1 to 5 scale (1 is crap, 5 is excellent)eXplore: 4.5eXpand: 5eXterminate: 4eXploit: 4From my opinion, it's worth the 20 bucks already, really good potential, wating for the final release, I think it will be one of the big 4X Games in 2015."
76561197969134510,Recommended,282590,17499556,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Zach,This is the only 4x strategy game where you can devote the economical output of an entire galaxy into one massive planet that has it's surface area covered in weapons and a giant planet scale engine. Then you can launch that planet through a wormhole into another galaxy to wreck up the place.Also the diplomacy system is kind of fun while playing LAN games.
,Recommended,282590,11556407,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Eik,"Imagine, if you will, a 4x game. a 4x game, that, on the surface, looks like any other. You know. Colonize, research, diplomatize, exterminate.now, imagine that 4x game without any limits. Imagine a 4x game that lets you research... forever. Imagine a 4x game that lets you build a carrier fleet with 10,000 ships. Imagine a 4x game that lets you design a ship larger than your homeworld.Imagine... Star Ruler 2.The first Star Ruler was a game that had so many great ideas, but was weighed down by lack of style. SR2 is the game the original wanted to be. Lasers from 20 systems away? You got it. Complex diplomacy system unheard of in any other game? Oh yeah. Scale that literally no other game can even come close to? Par for the course.It's Early Access. The developers are literally an IRC channel away and are always willing to listen to ideas and suggestions. THE GAME LETS YOU MAKE A PLANET BUSTER THAT IS LARGER THAN MOST STARS.Look, let's be real here. 4x games are all the same. you start, you colonize, you research, you slog out some battles, you win eventually.But what if you won by sheer ridiculous scale? What if you won because you fed half the galaxy's economy to your homeworld? What if you won because you have a ship that can ruin fleets from 3 systems away? What if you won because you blew up the black hole in the middle of the galaxy? Isn't that better? Isn't it all better?YES, YES it is. Give them your money. Do it."
76561198007514073,Recommended,282590,13849681,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,aMetzgermiester,"Its a fun game, and I cannot wait for the future additions.Additions I would like to see:Expanded ship designer- Ability to create the hull design- Weapons and exterior subsystems visible on the ship in-game- Hull deformation and subsytem destruction visualsFighters-Hangars to carry fighters/bombersPlanetary Assault-Troop carriers to assault planets- Ground assaults could add many different strategic options- Either bomb planet from orbit(destroys facilities and population) or ground assault (facilities intact, population intact for the most part, longer to capture than orbital bombardment, chance the defenders could hold off attack)- Addition facilities (bunkers, air bases, fortresses) locations could increase defense value, ie. fortress in mountains vs on a plain.These probably wont be implemented but I could hope, since these would, for me at least, make the game even better."
76561198241228778,Recommended,282590,22100707,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,randy,"I was looking for exactly this kind of a 4X strategy for years.For scale and depth - it beats all the current Space 4x games out there hands down. And this is the work of two people - not a big studio. I can only imagine what this game could become, if it had a big budget behind it.Both diplomacy and resource management consist addicting mini-games in their own right and are just a few examples of unique and new game concepts in Star Ruler 2.The game is also highly moddable and has a very active community producing mods that you can mix and match thanks to a great built in mod-conflict-resolution system.Pros:Quick to learn - difficult to master.Real time. Massivie galaxies. Detailed solar systems, down to planetary surface maps. Huge fleets and epic space battles.Addicting gameplay.Novel game mechanics.Cons:The devs closed down their studio. They still seem to support the game, but it's hard to tell how long will that last.I'm definitely recommending this to anyone who enjys a complex grand strategy in real time.Apparently there's an expansion to be released (despite the studio being officially closed) and will be a must-buy for me. I sincerely hope it helps keep this franchise alive, cause it sure deserves that."
,Recommended,282590,11310007,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,BlacKcuD,"After a couple quick games and the tutorial I must say that this definitely has potential. If you love games like Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion, you should definitely give this a try. Upgrading planets works totally different and movement of ships is less restricted. The interesting takes on resource incomes (budget system), colonization (SimCity lite) and fleet management (design your own ships!).If the multiplayer turns out to be running smoothly with multiple people on huge maps, this will easily replace Sins of a Solar Empire and AI War Fleet Command for me!"
,Recommended,282590,15575401,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dark Neuron,Innovative? CheckMod support? CheckDeep ship designer? Check5000 ships vs 5000 ships? CheckZoom in and see said ships blow up in realtime? CheckDeeply varied races? CheckCustomizable races? CheckShips the size of planets? CheckBlowing up entire galaxies with superweapons? CheckUnlimited galaxy size? CheckChallenging AI? CheckXCom-styled ground battles? Of course notI could go on. Will this game keep me occupied for a while? Check!
76561197979917835,Recommended,282590,15280163,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Xai,"It's hard to bring something new to the game in the 4X genre, but I think Star Ruler 2 does it.  I did not play the original, but I have played most of the big name 4X games since M.U.L.E. (if you consider that 4X).  The main concepts I like:- Planet development is both hands off and hands on...you can spend dollars to accelerate your empire growth, but growing it by developing a good trade network is more efficient and effective.- Research is a tool for refining your empire and improving efficiency, but does not provide a huge competitive edge over other empires on the battlefield- Fleet based combat provides ample room for tactical depth but without overcomplicating the game- Diplomacy is fun against the AI.  When is the last time you said that?  You can actually brow beat the enemy just with diplomacy alone.  This would be a blast against others but haven't tried it yet.- Variation in start-up settings would seem to provide a lot of replayability.- FTL is a cacheable resource, meaning that you don't have infinite tactical flexibility.  You may have to make a decision to either warp a new fleet in as reinforcement OR retreat your languishing fleet...but not both.Things I think could be better:- With a spread out empire, combat can be swift and fierce and there is no warning that your fleet is getting destroyed while you aren't watching.  There could be a warning so you could FTL out.- The AI doesn't put up an awesome fight when you are eating up his worlds.- The AI doesn't protect critical parts of his trade network very well.Overall, I think it's fun and definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,282590,14569886,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,apaine,"I would give SR2 a 8.5/10.Game is very much playable at this time already. Some features are still missing, as to be expected from Early Access, but given that I already enjoyed 100+ hours into this game, I'd say it already has more depth than many other games at release time.Diplomacy is done exceptionally well, by utilising a card system constrained with influence points. It is very satisfying to conquer galaxy without firing a single shot, or forcing AI into perpetual servitude after blowing up his fleet.Ship design is probably most OP fun right now, that will need to be fixed in the future. It is too easy to make a doom-mobile that clears whole star system at a time; hint - race to titan and antimater tech, then make an antimater beam titan of 2500 size, with only engines, beams and antimatter to power said beams (no supply or support modules).  IT'll cost ~6M to make, and only 500k to maintain, use next to no supply, and beams will have range spaning full star system. Make 2 or 3, park them at the edge of the systems, and watch them wiping floor with any fleet that tries to engage. The game is basically won, as AI notices your military power and surrenders."
,Recommended,282590,18725517,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Eigenmodes,"Awesome 4X.It's simple and easy to get started with, with comfortable default configurations and designs to use.As you play you learn the deep mechanics, allowing you to fine tune and personalize a lot of aspects to your tastes.Many different races with unique playstylesYou play in a galaxy where everything can be used to get an edge over your opponents.Battles are epic, with thousands and thousands of ships battling, you can use strategy to turn a battle around just by relocating your ships during the battle (skip drive), and redesigning your ships to exploit your opponent's designs weaknesses for the next battles.You can also blow up the galaxy's black hole and watch the fireworks as more than half of the galaxy gets pulverized by the explosion"
76561198025875663,Not Recommended,282590,24080721,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,yuriy206,"Let’s start with what I liked:The ship building was good it allows complex ship designs with individual hexes providing protection for internal hexes. There could have been more effort put into it (multilayer power/data distribution etc.) but it was pretty good.The card based diplomacy was interesting. It evoked a sense that there were limited political maneuvering options you could make in given situations. It would have been nice to get more complexity here too. Perhaps cards to modify other cards, etc.What I did not like:The planet exporting/importing. It was not just simplistic, it was trivial and boring. I get that they wanted an easy system, but as it is now it is a simple task of look what planet I need, connect, done. There is no fluctuating need for goods and exactly one resource per planet. It just provides no challenge.Overall:I liked some parts of the game but the planet system was just too simple. My complaints about this game mostly center around the simplicity of it. If that's what you want, maybe the game is for you but it's not for me."
76561198006668383,Recommended,282590,16127764,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Iniyari,"I whole-heartedly recommend Star Ruler 2. My full 2900-word review can be found here:http://www.mercedesmace.com/blog/review-for-star-ruler-2Highlights:What I appreciate about SR2 is what I loved about Endless Space, SoSE, Star Drive: it's the sci-fi 4x that we love, but the mechanics are different at a fundamental level. I'm not sure I've played a game before SR2 in which the varied win-conditions are so integrated. The ""currencies"" of the game are effective at all stages of play: some technologies can be researched using energy, cash, or influence; artifacts and some ship components require excess energy to activate/build; cash can be used on the diplomacy screen, energy during some diplomatic actions; some combat modules require energy to activate; diplomatic actions allow access to some resources (not currencies; see below), or enable actions that affect currencies; currency, resources, and diplomacy can all facilitate system defense.4x:-Explore: You have the option to either have all stars' locations revealed, or the opportunity to discover connections one system makes with another. Personally, I prefer the latter. All ships in the game have the option to travel in normal space between star systems or galaxies. The alternate forms of FTL travel make it faster, at the expense of a currency (FTL points), requiring a station, or the use of energy.-Expand: You can't just expand willy-nilly; it costs money to provide the colony ships, then it costs money to maintain low-level worlds. The higher level worlds more than make up this difference, and clever management can minimize the time between having your colonies work against your budget and having them work for it. Most structures require some sort of upkeep, so when you're not using those buildings anymore, feel free to scuttle them. However, your populace will slowly ""develop"" their planets, one tile at a time; structures built upon developed land have lower costs and upkeep. Some planets have moons that can be developed for a high, one-time cost to expand their developed land; some artifacts can perform a similar function.-Exploit: Most planets have an exportable resource, which can be used to create ""pressure"" on the planet to which it is traded. My strongest negative criticism of this game is the use of the term ""pressure"".  :P  Think of it as ""capability"": 1 X ""pressure"" allows a planet the capability to build a one-tile-sized structure that produces some resource/currency related to that pressure--economic pressure creates markets which provide money; energy pressure creates power plants which provide energy, etc. ""Pressure"" capacity is capability capacity: a planet with 6 pressure cap can build up to six of these small buildings.Something pretty cool: your empire only starts with a single planet, labor and cash on that planet, but that's it; all other currencies/resources require you to get out there and find them, or build them on your planets.Each planet begins at level 0 when first colonized, and can hold just 1 billion people--the smallest useful population level. Planets can, via the importation of resources, level up to level 5. Because the amount of resources increase at each level, your empire of 100 planets may be entirely focused on leveling up enough level 1's and 2's in order to level all of your level 3 resources to level 3, and a select handful of planets up to levels 4/5. Leveling a planet to level 1 requires food and water, so early in the game you're on the lookout for these resources, and eventually your empire becomes, in-part, a balance between which planets get the water/food resources, and which planets have the land upon which to build expensive hydrogenerators and mega-farms--which provide an innate water/food resource, respectively.-Exterminate: I love the fleet system: it's yet another small mechanistic change that provides SR2 its unique playstyle. Each fleet is headed by a Flagship--the only kind of ship that can keep care of itself. Your flagships are then provided Support ships--much smaller ships which you may not directly command, but which can share the propulsion (e.g. FTL) of their flagship. Once a flagship goes down, any remaining support ships effectively become automated: they will join your local support fleets if automated in one of your systems, or will simply float in space until destroyed.I'm still getting a handle on custom ship creation, which basically goes like this: Hull Size ~= internal space. Want a more effective subsystem: literally devote more internal space to it. The ship design screen is abstract, so the ""shape"" of your design has little effect on the visual representation of a ship on the map, though it strongly affects the order in which subsystem hexes are destroyed, and if the ""core"" of a subsystem is destroyed, the subsystem fails until repaired. Some players don't particularly care for support fleets, though, but it's an easy fix: just don't include any support command in your ship designs. Also, look out for the ""create random blueprint for this ship"" button; when I first dared to create ships, I pressed this button a lot.-Diplomacy: why isn't this an ""X"" in ""4x""? As stated above, this might be the first game in which diplomacy feels like a legitimate win-condition, primarily because part of it is mechanized to annex planets/star systems. That's right: if your influence is too low, you may not be able to prevent an opponent from just claiming one of your systems in a vote! But you can do the same, and *this* is why you've been sinking energy into intelligence drone artifacts, claiming leverage action cards, building influence pressure structures, etc. Diplomacy is a fundamental mechanic of the game: you can use influence to purchase certain upgrades in the research tree; some diplomatic actions will allow you to provide food resources to planets; influence can be used to ""name"" ships, planets, and systems, increasing their effectiveness. Some people feel that the diplomacy system isn't ""diplomatic"" enough; personally, the SR2 devs have given diplomacy a new kind of mechanistic weight such that it *feels* weird, but performs like it actually matters in all stages of the game.My first couple of games were on 50-60 star maps, because I was afraid my Dell gaming laptop would lag; it did with Star Drive 1, though it's my understanding the new Star Drive is better optimized. Haven't had any lag issues with SR2 thus far. My fourth game, currently on-going, has nearly 200 star systems (~800 planets) in three galaxies with five AI--no lag, no bugs. It's a well-optimized game.The tutorial tells you *how* to play the game: you move the screen like so, order around units and manage resources like so, etc. But it doesn't explain much of the kinds of strategies you can use to win, perhaps because the strategy is simple: ""master all of the mechanics, micromanage for efficiency."" In that sense, it is a ""medium to learn, difficult to master"" game; I'm still learning how to maximize the efficiency of my empire. The game doesn't penalize you for low efficiency...at the lower AI difficulties.It's a phenomenal game, with layers. At first, it was an intimidating process, but that wanes quickly, helped along by the intuitive user-interface. The lower AI difficulties will challenge you while you learn, and the advanced difficulties will challenge you when you feel like you've ""mastered"" the game. It's your fault for being so presumptuous. SR2 is a highly stream-lined, optimized, and mechanically inter-dependent system that will test your micromanagement skills without taxing them for the sake of ""challenging"" you simply by giving you too much to consider. As far as an indie game/developer goes, SR2 places as highly as any you care to name."
,Recommended,282590,15393089,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,HossPorkchops,"TL;DR: This is a great game and a breath of much-needed fresh air in the 4X genre. Unlike most other 4X games, it has its own DNA and doesn't rely on the Civilization tropes that have come to define the genre. While it's a RTS game, this is much more of a strategy game (think a Paradox title like EU4) as opposed to something like Starcraft or Company of Heroes. It has variable speed settings and can be paused. This game has a very unique take on several mechanics such as diplomacy, expansion/economy, and ship design.Expansion: Typically in 4X games, you colonize a planet/city/whatever and acquire Food (population growth), Hammers (production capacity), and Science (research), then build structures that provide multipliers to those values (libraries for science, for example). Things are different in this game. It reminds me a bit of the Anno series, where you need access to resources in order for your city (or in this game, planet) to grow.A planet's population is determined by planet level, which ranges from 0 to 5. In order to level up a planet, one must acquire sufficient resources. For a planet to reach Level 1, it only needs food and water. In order to reach Level 2, it not only needs additional food but also needs access to Tier 1 resources. Later levels require additional Tier 1 resources as well as Tier 2 resources. What this means is colonizing isn't just about spamming settles and running through the same build order for each planet. Instead, you are looking to acquire particular resources in order to create a trade network which can support high-level worlds.I should talk a bit more about resources, since they also relate to another mechanic of the game: Pressure. Unlike the Civ games, you typically don't build things like Libraries or Factories directly. Instead, your civilian population does. That's not to say that you don't have any control over this, it's just a little more direct. The mechanism used to push your citizens into building certain kinds of economies is Pressure, and Pressure comes from Resources. For example, Textiles are a Tier 1 resource, so this will be important in order for you to level up your planet past a certain point. Beyond fulfilling that requirement, _what_ resources you get also matters. Textiles produce Money pressure. What this means is if you import this T1 resource to your planet, your civilians will be more likely to build things like Markets that will generate money for your empire. If instead you import Chemicals, a T1 resource that provides Research pressure, they'd build more Universities that provide you with research.This game also has the hands-down best Diplomacy system I've seen. It functions almost like a card game and uses it's own resource (Influence). Influence, like Money or Research, is produced by your civilian economy, and there are several resources that provide Influence pressure. You use these Influence points to both purchase and play diplomatic Cards. Diplomacy here isn't limited to War/Peace/Trade Agreement, you can do all sorts of things such as hosting the Galactic Senate on your homeworld (providing diplomatic advantages), annexing other players' planets or star systems, provide bonuses to planets and fleets, etc.When you first play a diplomatic card, you need to have enough Influence to get it to pass. You and your opponents then play various cards in order to pass (or stop) the diplomatic faction. You can also offer bribes to other factions to throw their lot in with you. For example, you could offer a large sum of money, some of your diplomatic  cards, or even one of your fleets or planets in order to enlish their diplomatic support for your proposition. This ends up being a fascinating and deep system to play with. It's much more involved and interesting than your typical War/Peace/Ally toggle that most other 4X games have.Lastly, another area this game excels at is ship design. There are a host of interesting weapons, modules, and augmentations you can make to ships perform exactly how you want them to. Even better, the game ships with a Design Sandbox which lets you create and test your designs outside of a regular game. You can save these designs and they will be immediately available in every game you play. The game is also integrated with Steam Workshop, which means you can browse and import other players' designs with a click of a button. It's really slick and is a great option for those that might want to use additional ship designs but don't feel like creating them themselves.This review is already way too lengthy so I'll wrap it up here. Suffice it to say that this is a unique and compellling 4X game. There's really nothing out there that plays like it, from my experience. Because it has it's own unique DNA there is a bit of a learning curve involved, but the game does ship with a helpful and easy to follow tutorial. It won't make you a master of the game, but it'll teach you all the basics that you need to dive in and get geting."
,Recommended,282590,15839891,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Tarax00,"Hello there!So, Star ruler 2... You know, when i saw this game on steam the first time i got really excited, for good reasons.I loved the first game and this game was a nice face-lift for sure by the looks of things (and it is) when i looked it up.So the moment i was able to i bought it and joined the game in EA. And at first I was actually a little disapointed,it was kinda different from the first game. If you as me played star ruler 1,I really liked commanding large fleets or big and small ships induvidually.And the fact that you can't do that in the same manner in this game is what caused that disapointment.It scared me, because i felt it could potentially make the game ""to easy"" to control.In time however, I honestly can say i changed my opinion rather quickly,by the simple fact and realization that playing a game of star ruler 2. Especially multiplayer against/withthe devs, aka devastation fridays & of course normal multiplayer.Things can quickly get not only complex but a bit hectic lol (in a good and satisfying way!!).What you will get is this;- From management of planets on a macro level, import/export of wares from planet to planet(To gain more resources, population buy leveling up planets and their population cap etc)- Planet managing on the micro level, Building planet structures, ships, stations etc.(To improve everything from construction capacity, research gain, resource control etc)- The new (and awesome) diplomacy card integration. There is a lot to this in the game.Basically this is a card mini game where you aquire all kinds of diplomatic cards/powersby spending diplomatic points your empire generates. Cards varies from influence cards that gives you moreof a say ""say"" or power in voting. For excample - if you want to annex a planet (or a whole system!),from another player ""legaly"" without an actual war declared.  You can do that!But only if you have the stronger diplomatic strength than the other guy.So if player A wants player B's planet and A has the diplomatic advantage. He or she would get the planet.However everyone in the game can vote. So if player C, D, E etc. decides to mess up players A's plan,they could vote in Favor of player B - and thus denying player A's campaign to capture player B's planet.There are also other things like adding food production to a planet, renaming planets (gaining bonuses doing so) etc etc.- Ship designing, as before you can design ships but this time around its more fleshed out. And beyond the factthey are using a hexagonic design system. whatever you design and built - the icons for the ships will look exactlylike the designs you make from above. Though the ship graphical models themselves are ""preset"" to whateverYou chose when the game starts, which is fine in my opinion.Do note there is a random ship generator for certain ship types too!!! Keep in mind, you can design ships ""out of game"" with the design editor, you can find this in the main menu.You can even test your designs there as well!.- And back to my innitial dislike of the ship management... lol Im honestly greatful the way it is. It would have beenjust be to much (for me) to handle if you had the ability to control every single ship manually.The way it is now. you have Flagships, support ships and stations. Flagships and stations controls the support ships.To a point as they are limited to support command point limits and ammo storage (if you dont have enough ammoyou'll find yourself with a fleet that cant shoot rather quickly xD). Flagships are basically the only controllable andmovable ship you have. That's the core of your fleets, when you add support ships (smaller ships typically),they simply follow the flagship around until it's destroyed (where any surviving support ships either flies to thenearest planet or sits still in space till they are killed (or another friendly flagship arrives).Similar setup for stations, but yea, they are stations so you don't move them around exactly.- And lastly the economics and research. There are 5 types of economical resources. First of which i mentioned,the diplomatic power. We also have money, energy, research and FTL.Starting with the money system. Although the game is in real time. The money is gained on a turn kind of basis.The economics of money cycles around via a timer. Every time the timer runs out,the current state of your coffers updates with it.So if you are supposed to gain more money then you will by the end of ""it's turn"".But if you lets say start to colonize planets, your income will also take a downward turn as you basically take populationfrom established planets (and thus resource generation). And place it somewhere else.At which point the old things needs to recover slowly and regain the population back up again.Or maybe you built a new ship with high maintainence (or station etc)The other 4 resources are realtime generated.* FTL is used by your FTL method of travling. If you use a hyperdrive - the hyperdrive will take its power from your FTL storage.If you build a stargate it will cost FTL to activate/build it (but not using it).* Energy is used by various ship modules and world artifacts to activate.Some artifacts for excample will require 900 energy for you to convert one artifact planetoid to a random resource.But is also used in various research techs and diplomatic actions as an alternative to the ""normal"" methods.* Research ... Enough said* Influence ... With small addition: can be used in some research techs as well---------------All in all, I cant think of much else to say. My innitial fears about this game being ""to simple"", haha boy was i wrong.I just love how it turned out! It's deep, detailed and the costumization power you end up having is really great andfun to play around with for sure! No game ends up the same really if you start playing around with the differentfactions, make your own races, set up different world gen parameters. etc etc.haha I've lost a few games (and won) now due to the fact i just could not keep up with the other players in some areas.Once I had a vast economic strenght, that i was able to build large and many fleets with. But in the end i lost because myenemies had a strong diplomatic power (that i greatly lacked), they basically took my economy away and thus my feets.It is sooo easy to make mistakes and that's honestly what i also think is a bonus in a game like this.The cold war aspect is amazing. And sometimes where you start out in the game can ditermen the entire gameand how you yourself end up playing. It makes things more interesting and fun and this really has been a blast playing so far!And i would love to see this franchise grow even further in the future!I have played a lot of games, been in several betas, alphas and EA games now (as you can see in my library)And this has definitly been one of the best EA games ive had the pleassures of playing along side its development.And now when its released, I can full-heartedly say i love the end product! :)This 4x space empire game I highly recomend!Do note, there is a lot of fun to be had with other players!So dont be afraid to talk with others on the IRC chat.People have been really friendly there so far and there is always someone willing to play.Have fun and fly safe o7 !"
,Recommended,282590,29153133,Posted: 9 January,all,Percopius,"This is one of the deepest games I own, and I never knew it. I got the expansion (which is a must) played around a bit, but then I read this;http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=824408837This is a superb title that may confound you at first, but this is a triumph of design, and functionality, once you understand some concepts. I have barely played it, but now that I have the expansion, and read the guide I linked, it all kinda clicked.I now want to play at, a slow considered pace, liberaly using pause, and reading all the completely useful tool tips, and the Wiki which is build in the game, and the IRC chat, and learn this game. You have to learn it, but all the tools to do so are there.Buy the game and expansion, read the guide to get you going, study the forum, and challenge yourself to master a great game."
76561198056964829,Not Recommended,282590,29915428,Posted: 13 February,all,Sigi,"I would like to recommend this game, but just can't, for a few reasons.  The most game breaking is the fleet system, which mostly I love, but a well documented series of bugs exist where you lose your support ships.  I'm not sure how much faster than light travel is effected, but sublight is broken because of this as far as I can tell.  One is if the game is saved while a fleet is in motion, and you change that fleet's destination, all of your support ships are lost.  Another, which isn't exactly a bug, but what I could consider a design flaw, is if you move your fleet after combat and some support ships are slightly damaged (whether or not it was their shields that took damage, not their hulls), their speed was comproimised enough that they couldn't keep up with the command ship, and then die once they are far enough away from it.  The worst that I experienced didn't even have to do with combat, but I would have a newly created fleet (command and support ships), with more than enough command supply and speed for both, but I lose ALL of my support ships traveling between star systems.  I've tried tweaking speeds so the command ship has more speed than supports, and another set that has much less speed, but it doesn't make a difference.  These were ships made with the ship edidtor, which is a major part of the game that is also qutie flawed.The ship editor here in SR2 is mostly very well done, the scaling is such a fantastic idea!  The problem is it isn't intuitive, and doesn't have nearly enough information to guide you.  I had to watch quite a few youtube tutorial videos to get the hang of it, and I had fun with it, but I had no idea how well built my ships were.  Even during and after battles, I really have no idea how well my fleets are performing.  Scaling might actually be the cause of the problem, but I just can't be sure.  I've had to just go with making my fleet twice the size of the fleets I'm trying to fight, just to be safe, which means I'm wasting a lot of resources, but I can't seem to find a way around this.  In game there is a section where you can share your ship designs, which seems like a great idea, but it is very poorly setup, and there is no search function.  Even if you do get ships from there, unless you have completed all tech research, you're going to have to edit those designs anyway.  Plus, there's no way to tell if those designs are any good to begin with.My other major complaint is how micromanagement intensive this game is.  Ugh.  Diplomacy has some great ideas in it, but having to keep an eye on it every 30 in game seconds is sooooo tedious.The way the planet resources work is pretty neat, and unique, which I applaud, but I think it should be setup more smoothly.The 'money' screen in particular really needs to have a further breakdown of your finances, so you can easily identify problems, instead of having to check on every planet individually.  This gets really old, really fast, and you have to keep doing it throughout the game.Just about everything could use a little more detailed information.  They give such basic descriptions on most of the buildings, it's hard to know how beneficial they really are.Technology also needs to be expanded, or rethought at least.  There are fewer than 40 named technologies, across all disiciplines.  Fewer than ten weapons, a handful of structures.  Everything else is incrimental increases in weapon strength or supply usage or capacity.  In my first playthrough of a small/medium map, I finished researching every technology before I had control of all of the star systems in my own starting galaxy (yes, there are a lot of factors involved, so that doesn't mean anything by itself).  I felt the game had really just begun, but a major portion of it had already ended.The 'Pressure' system is interesting, and has potential, but it took me a long time to figure it out (though that could just be me).  It could use more information, and a much better control system IMHO.A queue option for planetary upgrades would be so helpful.  Since you work on 3 minute budget cycles, you can only do so much at a time, then are stuck waiting (and checking the damn diplomacy screen, distracting from what you were working on).  It would also be great if there was a way to flag planets in different ways, or have a note function.  My first game was a smallish medium I suppose, and had over four hundred planets just in my starting galaxy, there were 4 opponents in their own galaxies (though you have to keep in mind there are many beginning settings, and I had planet population maxed out, but even fifty planets is a lot fo keep track of when you have to check on each one regularly until it is completely built up).Again, I really want to like this game, but it feels like it's in the final stages of Beta, isntead of a finished product that's been out almost two years.Only buy this if you're willing to spend weeks just figuring out how it works, or if you have friends that can explain every aspect to you in detail."
76561198129101111,Recommended,282590,15195672,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"First, if you liked the first Star Ruler, understand this is different. They are almost two different games entirely, of which both have merits. Personally I favor this one.To me, this is good. It reminds me of a refurbished Space Empires, but toned down in a rather unique, yet rewarding way.The empire structure and development leads to an impressive way to build and manage your empire, leaving many questions to how to balance your Diplomacy, Research and finaces for Fleets and Defense well. All and all, I think it is a good way to limit and balance the game to which its not easy to be overpowered without paying for it - and it rewards you well once you are. It also alows basic levels of Terraforming from worlds that produce Labor, letting you determine a sizeable portion of that empire's structure, but the biggest and key parts still get left to fall under RNG and planet generation to actually make those particular worlds so you can use them. Sometimes the RNG doesn't let a game have many of certain higher level world resource types be around, making the game slant some in its gameplay, but that's really a minor gripe in smaller matches with less systems and worlds. The more planets availible, the more options so its kind of a moot point - but it does bring up performance issues in the game if oyu have TOO much around.Diplomacy here is also done with a bit of a unique twist, using cards to determine actions and votes in a galactic senate that follow a simple yes-no flip. The Diplomatic actions are determined by a resource earned that needs to be spent to use it. That resource is determined by your empire's worlds and you can help determine how well it is. Its part of that determining faction to your empire if you focus on it being more influential, warlike or economic. But you need to find a balance so its not overwhelmed if you break out in war with another empire that outseps you on another front.The ship/station design mechanic has been heavily refurbished since the first SR, and I would argue also in a much better way. Ship classes are either Support or Flagships leading the supports in default fleets. Each ship has limited Internal Component totals you need to balance how you build it. Do you make it a massive, slow-moving single weapon, split up for variety of damage types or build it to speed across the galaxy at will? You need to balance that as it limits how much room you have left for other parts. Armor is largely left out, so long as its external, letting you make really tough vessels, but that weight has its own costs. Flagships also need to manage supplies for themselves and the fleet, as well as control to keep and maange support ships for additional firepower. Stations are much like that, but can also have their own defese forces and fleets. Each ship aslo comes with their own patterns for attack strategys and behaviors, letting you mix and manage how your fleets are built and operate. Close quarters brawling with alot of firepower? Or do you skirmish as a whole, just out of the enemy main weapons range? I just love the whole list of options here.Even with its restrictions, it is balanced remarkably well. But you need to udnerstand that there are limits. You can't go all out, you have to play by the game's rules and learn them well. But it does reward you well for getting it.I think its a good game, well done and crafted to its own well-balanced rules and gameplay. One I can enjoy and regard well for doing it so. A definite reccomendation from me."
76561197991088969,Recommended,282590,15144875,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sethfcm,"I would recommend this game to anyone whom enjoys large scale rts gameplay.Ship customization from the first game is vastly improved with the ability to design module by module, piece by piece, and modding has been expanded as well giving it great customization ship wise, and datawise. Races are alright, and provide decent variety, but I suspect mods will greatly expand on the 'life style' system they developed.Before release they removed both the bonuses from food/water, and faction customization, but this is worth it for all the other features they added. I feel the game was rushed abit out of the beta stage (with very huge updates back to back then release) but it's quite polished, and plays well so while it isn't as fleshed out as it could be it's quite enjoyable.The political system ensures that even a tiny empire can have a serious impact on politics/gameplay, and allows for cunning/sneaky moves, as well as interesting meta developments like system names and the like.Artifacts are interesting, worth fighting over, and game changing, and due to the way tractor beams work can be stolen/moved allowing for yet more cunning ploys.Overall I'd say this is the Space RTS with the most overall features in terms of both variety, and impact in that politics, artifact hunting, research, ship design etc. all come together and blend seamlessly.Edits will be made from this point forward to account for mods n such.The ABEM mod or alternative balance mod adds more research options, and improves the game experience in general so it's highly recommended, and easy to download on the steamworkshop."
,Recommended,282590,22604737,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Colonel Ninja,"This game is one of the most unique 4X games out there. It truly has some of the most interesting systems that ive ever experienced in a 4X.The ship builder brings a great new element to combat, as to win you dont just need good tactics, you also need to have a good strategy when you design the ships. Do you want to focus on beams or projectiles? Do you want to have Normal or Heavy armour, do you want to have an armour with a special resistance? Where do you even want to put your armour? Frontal? The Sides? Make weird ship that aggros then fires most of its stuff as it retreats? Where will your guns poke out of the armour to minimize weakspots? How much of each internal system do you want and which should be closest to the armour because its the least valuable when the armour breaks. Do you want to make a big ship of the line battleship with massive firepower, or do you want to make a giant carrier with a huge support fleet or something in between? Theres intricacys to this I havent even mentioned, and you also have to factor in what the enemy has in your designs to exploit theirs. This gives great importance to planning for future wars /  defence.However, if that sounds like to much effort / stress you can mostly ignore it, and use randomly generated ships or downloaded ones. You can also just use old designs and resize them when you need more firepower.The diplomacy system is card based and it means that you can always do something with it. Unlike in CIV where enemies can just refuse to negotiate and vote down everything you want. In SR2 you can force things through (with enough investment in diplomacy of course) meaning that theres never a time when diplomacy is useless. Stuff like being able to annex planets or systems, buy up valuable buffs before the enemy and more.The economy is also a really unique idea. As you go through the game you end up building up a resource network. What this means is that you have low level resource planets which ship materials to more developed planets, which can then ship their materials to more developed planets and so on and so forth. What this means is that large empires are usually as easy to manage overall as small ones, as once you setup your network you can mostly forget it unless you want to change something or an enemy captures / destroys a critical link in your supply chain. This also factors into the combat as if you are at war its much easier to perform tactical strikes to take out key enemy planets rather than just capturing everything. Theres the all important capital but it may be worth capturing a less well defended level 2 or 3 planet that will reduce the level of planets higher up the chain when captured. This system does mean that empires with more planets are better off in terms of economy, theres very little wide vs tall strategic depth, but you must make sure you never expand too fast otherwise you may shoot yourself in the foot economically by being unable to support new aquisitions.The races themselves are also very distinct. Your not quite playing a new game every time but options like FTL type and traits make a huge difference in how you will end up playing a full game of star ruler. Each race also has a unique feature that will usually completely change one or more aspects of their play. For example there is a race of robots which do not require food but have to produce their population rather than grow naturally. There is a race that are sentient trees, which have a unique ship design rule where each ship tile must have at least one 'tree cell' next to it and the 'tree cells' must all be connected continuously. This makes for some really unique designs and they get very cheap armour around most of their ship.Theres a fair bit more to the game than what I listed, but this is the stuff that stood out to me. Its a great game and its also hugely modable, which means that you can usually find a mod to change a feature you dont like."
,Recommended,282590,23946976,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,wany1981,I was bored so .. from my library i filter out 4X and Space... I ended with close to 40 games. Most of them I have already played or have pretty hash review scores. I was quite suprise star ruler 1 and 2 was never played and tried.So I installed game and played it..Well.. First impression it's quite different. This is probably the only dencent RTS that involves spaces and 4X that I have ever played...Everything was wonderfully linked with RTS fomular and gives you pure presure on doing as much as you can.. as fast as you can.Game mechanic is quite unique and awesome. As you have a budget systyem per every 3 minutes(real time!) and constantly diplomacy cards are getting cheaper while you have to compete with other AI on who will get them.There are always a lot to do and click without slowing the game down it become quite a havok and newbie of RTS could easiler lost in the game play. Other then a few little learning experince here and there.. everything else is quite simple as battle fight automaticlly and trading system on leveling planet are the easiest one I have ever seen.Music is basic and nothing special.. graphics feel low budget but still you can see the developer trying hard with what they can. The tutorial was quite simple and basic but there are way more of this game beyond the tutorial.8/10.. wonderful 4X RTS .. space empire game.. give it a try.. you will probably spend a lot longer on this game then you expected.PS: little additional information. If you have problem getting achievement. Get a small 10 system map with 1 civic mono PC (don't expand quickly) and customize his race with all the negative traits. Set difficulty to hard/passive and turn on all the cheat for the computer. 1 quick game later and you will have most of the achievements. There are 4 dlc only achivements so ya without dlc no 100% unless you multiplayer with a friend that got dlc.
,Recommended,282590,31288949,Posted: 21 April,all,Ivellios,"I don't even know how this game is in the same series as SR1... well, I guess since Master of Orion remade the game from scratch for the second one too.This game, imo, is lightyears ahead of SR1, in pretty much every catagory. I tried to play SR1, but I found it clunky, where I found SR2 intuitive and fun. I don't mind so much that I didn't enjoy SR1 after spending money on it, because the Devs learned from SR1, and made a much better game. So, if that money helps them make an even better game, then it's a win."
76561198020693964,Recommended,282590,22650341,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Gaijin Deviant,"I've had this game installed on my account for along time but never really put aside time to learn to play it, whenever I tried I could never quite finish the tutorial........until last week.This truly is one of the best 4x space games I have played, Why did I not start playing this when I bought it originally. I have all the usual suspects like Masters of Orion, Galactive Civilisation but they don't cut it compared to this game, I bought the expansion straight away because I am totally hooked.If you want an awfully complicated 4x game that won't hold your hand and will keep you engrossed for hours and hours then look no further, recommended."
76561198039897731,Not Recommended,282590,15110941,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Frank,I bought this game based on the very positive reviews and I just doesn't see it.The game is so heavy with micromanaging a ton of different things that you have to have the game on pause 90% of the time. The research tree is gigantic and poorly constructed. Diplomacy is just a mini card game that can be ignored. The budget doesn’t pool so you have to spend your money every 3 minutes which further leads to the micromanaging and pausing.I would not recommend this at all.
,Recommended,282590,15101322,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,KobiNation,"This game brings back old memories of what MO3 should have been. With the official release out and the time I spent on it before its release, I feel that SR2 brings a lot of playability to the masses. Player vs. Player or simply PvE, galaxy sizes, types of galaxies, mix and match. The Tech tree is an interesting glob of techs in all direction which makes you think where you really want to focus during the early / mid game.One special note for players that want to experience the race (or custom race) that uses mother ships / pods... Make sure any ore ships you create are set to drop off their ore to the mother ship. I say this because in the the games current state, there is no way to take any resources such as ore off a planet, which can ruin said race if you don't ensure the mining ships are set to the mothership for drop off point.Definitely looking forward to the continued progress of the game as well as community mods. A definite must have for the space genre gamers."
,Recommended,282590,20142345,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Silencer,"This is one of the best 4X grand strategy games money can buy. It is worth every cent. Great and easy modability, fantastic engine that should set the bar for RTS games in general and amazing multiplayer code. Not to mention the intuitive UI and all around customizability this game puts SOASE:Rebellion to shame for half the price.TL;DR - Buy it."
,Recommended,282590,22630683,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,[10CCE] evilcherry,"Basically the best Space 4X - as of the time this review is written.I understand that for some the game is a bit boardgamey - you don't have intricate control, you are always doing things from a very top level, and yet you still need to juggle your time between a Through the Ages drafting minigame, ship design, and putting fleets at the right location at the right time, while letting ships duke out themselves.However, by making the game so boardgamey means the game is incredibly easy for players to get into. Many players complain of micromanagement hell late into 4Xs, and this game has the best formula I've saw to combat it. People complain about the time wasted in designing ships, but I can imagine another group complaining about SOTS as no ships can be designed.TL;DR - Buy it. With the Expansion."
,Recommended,282590,27365792,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vaaish,"I don't often write reviews, but I think this game deserves one. I've played a lot of 4x games going all the way back to MOO (the original one) and Star Ruler 2 (SR2) is the first in a long time that feels right at the core. It's a fairly quick game to learn the basics of but it is much harder to really master the game which can easily discourage new players. This is especially true of those expecting a more standard 4x experience.The visuals are very impressive, however the interface is lacking and tends to make the game look a bit unpolished. While there is probably a shortcut key or mouse control for just about everything in the game, only the basics get explained which makes actions like retrofitting fleets, ordering specific amounts or transferring specific numbers of units more of a random discovery until you learn them.Game play is varied due to the massive number of options for galaxy generation, type, and a wide variety of very different alien races. All are enjoyable and create different experiences. The AI is competent but does tend to be predictable once you understand how it works and makes wars easy to predict and control.Ship design is very detailed and quite fun if that's your thing. There's a design sandbox that you can use to design and test so you can simply import your designs into a game instead of building them from scratch each time.Diplomacy is entirely different from a normal 4x and provides a very interesting and fun challenge. Some folks hate this, but I quite like it as it makes the game world more dynamic.If you pick this up, also get the DLC which adds a ton to the game. Overall I'd highly recommend this and I expect I'll be playing it for years to come."
76561198025878805,Recommended,282590,12579675,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,{DBD} kmoney_93,"If you like Star Ruler 1 this may or may not be for you. The team has changed some of the mechanics of the game i.e. how resources work, how ship designing works, and how politics work. some have been changed for the better whilst others not as much. Overall this is a pretty awesome game to pick up and play with some friends, or just sit down and smash some ai. The dev team is second to none with consistency of updates. Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198023026107,Recommended,282590,15094261,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Pycco,+epic space battles+good ship design+epic music+ descent ai+good diplomacy+planet crackers+/-a learning curve+descent graphics+ have as many systems as you want
76561197968476879,Not Recommended,282590,15166484,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Nyx Kordel,"I am a big fan of the original Star Ruler game.  And I think because of that, I am disappointed with the sequel.The original game had nearly endless control and personalization.  You made everything the way you wanted.  From the ships to the size of the universe, it was all yours to make the way you wanted it.  In SR 2, there is a certain level of customization, but it feels dumbed down.  Like they gave you control of things, but put pre-school style bumper protectors on all the sharp corners of the customizing tools.Even the visuals seem dumbed down to those childish levels.  Instead of the original control theme and layout, that wasn't particularly flashy, but not at all lacking, we are given a theme following in the footsteps of Apple products and the Windows 8.  As if it expects the players of today are all mindless zombies that lack the knowledge to understand any UI that isn’t made with giant colorful icons that feel like they were plagiarized out of a toddler’s learning book.The saving grace I would have to say is the unique diplomacy game play, but even that portion suffers from a “card Game” interface.  In my opinion, random generated cards you have to grab; a good gameplay system, does not make.The fleet system is a huge step backward in my opinion as well.  Now, instead of making and controlling each individual ships, you just build a fleet.  Now, that ship is many individual ships that you can design, but you control the fleet as one giant unit, effectively making it really just one ship with the sum of powers from the ships within it.  I prefer the original games take on ships.  It might be more cumbersome to manage battles, but I like the challenge.Star Ruler 2 is not a terrible game.  I just feel it doesn’t even come close to being a worthy successor to the original game."
76561198079517845,Recommended,282590,25274405,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tom,"A lot of 4x games nowadays (looking at you, GalCiv3) suffer from being a mile wide and an inch deep.  Once you get past the front-loaded content, you have to work very hard to get something new out of it.Star Ruler 2 is the opposite.  In the first hour or two of gameplay, things look very simple (and perhaps a little boring) from a card-based diplomacy system to a purely strategic style of combat.  You colonize a few planets, upgrade them, maybe build a few orbitals and fleets to deal with the occasional remnants.Then you start finding your planets annexed by the ai because you were playing double speed waiting for something to happen, and didn't pay attention to the diplomatic events, followed by an immensely vicious political duel with hundreds of votes and half a dozen backroom deals as you try to annex the system to get your planets back.  After you finally re-annex the place with a final vote of 394-yes/363-no, the big bad Oko aliens that have been conquering and vassalizing everyone else decide that they don't like you kicking THEIR pet vassal-dog out of YOUR backyard, so they stage a massive 2-prong invasion that takes you a solid 70 minutes to fight off as you rush every fleet you have to the front and frantically try to build more.  Then, just as you get ready to counter-invade, they come back for another go: only this time you drive them off easily because 1) You discovered a new diplomacy card that renamed your front-line systems and gave all friendly units there a 20% combat bonus; and 2) You copied a medium size-32 railgun support ship design you found through google and it gutted the enemy fleets like a chainsaw through butter because they were primarily using fancy-pants liquid armor which has no DR.  After you smash that attack with ease, you gear up and assault the nearest enemy systems (which is almost everyone at this point because of the aforementioned vassalization) and capture 5 whole systems before they can counter.So now you're embroiled in a multi-galaxy war where almost everyone is frantically militarizing for all they're worth and playing two separate 3-dimensional chess games; one where they try to hit systems without having to fight through the bulwark systems everyone has built, and another where they try to figure out the next perfect ship design to take advantage of each other's weaknesses.And all because you though diplomacy was boring, so you jumped to double game speed waiting for something to happen."
76561198019961071,Recommended,282590,32074717,Posted: 30 May,all,lordcrekit,"This game is awesome! It's a fast paced real time 4X space strategy, with a really intersting and unique diplomacy system adapted for real time, and the ability to design your own ships. You'll general want to have a few base models saved for them beforehand (built through experimentation or downloaded from the webs) and update them on the go, which you can do by pausing but you don't really need to because the upgrades are fast and fluid.When I played the original star ruler it felt so bad, because the game had so much potential but due to several flaws ended up just being unplayable. This one actually isn't that comparable, it's a totally different game. But a lot of the great concepts from the first game are here, and they wok great!"
,Recommended,282590,14307024,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jox,"I hardly ever do this, but I give SR2 a 10/10. I thought the original SR was alright and entertaining when I had nothing else to do, but SR2 is perfect. It is what I've been looking for in a Sci fi 4x game. It's crazy that this is still under development. Can't wait to see the new features they release.I haven't made it to EndGame material yet, but from everything I've experienced so far, this is the one. I have played every big 4X space game out there and this one takes the cake.PROS:+Entirely unique diplomacy feature. It is complex and a little difficult to pick up at first, but it is very unique and advanced. Have only discovered a couple of games with this amount of diplomacy actions.+graphics. Very smooth graphics. I have a lower-end PC and I haven't experienced below 40 fps even with 10x speed on.+Interface is great and easy to use. The game is built on tabs now, for major interactions at least. There is the visual galaxy tab, diplomacy, research, designs, planets, and a community tab (which allows you to view the game's wiki and player-submitted ship designs). The overall flow of the interface is great, allowing you to jump between these tabs without losing where you left off in them.+Combat and fleet management is much smoother than the first SR. Instead of building a large number of different ships and assigning them to a fleet that then gets deleted whenever you retrofit or do anything out of the ordinary, you build a single flagship. Once you have that flagship you start building support ships, which you can customize and design like a normal ship. You can then recruit them using the flagship and it'll automatically add them to your fleet. I very much enjoy this.+Ship design system is amazing and very user friendly. The process is more visual now and is even better than the previous SR. I have only played with it a little at this time but from what I've seen so far it is very nice.+New Planet Management system is unique. Have not experienced it before in a 4X game. Planets now use a hierarchy system, allowing them to level up and down depending on what resources the planet has access to. This allows for a more complicated gameplay and using real strategy when it comes to planet management. In a terrority of 5 systems with roughly 4-5 planets in each system you'll only be able to maintain 1-2 Level 4 planets (0 being worst; 4 being best). It is very easy to learn as well.Neutral:--Sound needs some work. The sounds are good and the music is good, but it is all pretty limited and gets a little repetitive.--Research I feel is limited. I like the new system and how it works, but there doesn't appear to be many technologies you can unlock at this point. Many of them are just repeats that stack. Looking forward to new additions as development progresses.Cons:NONE! I'll let you know if I find any."
76561198002235688,Recommended,282590,12870986,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,natewebb,I was a big fan of Sins and wanted something new so I gave this one a try.  (I never played SR1).  The first few hours are frustrating due to the learning curve but it's definitely worth the investment.  I don't think I've ever played a game where the ships are 100% customizable.Give this game a shot if you like strategy space games.
76561197970377599,Recommended,282590,26497310,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lacero,"I don't write reviews, but this is so underrated and so good I made an exception.4x space games are almost all interchangeable, different graphics and skins on the old MOO2 bones that should be long buried.  Star Ruler 2 is original.The exponential nature of the planet development keeps the game interesting and focused far longer than all other 4x games.The diplomacy system is excellent, you have a great feeling of building up favours and leverage to them spend on a big motion to get your own way, or to prevent another empire doing something they want.Ship design is deep while keeping things simple enough to manage by hand.It's not entirely successful, and some people will just want a pretty version of MOO2 to build individual farms on hundreds of planets until they get bored.  But if you're at all tired of that pick this up in a sale.If you want something new and you're interested in game design pick it up full price.  It's good."
,Recommended,282590,13986158,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Gingy4568,"Excellent game, well made. unique in a world of generic.can be either fast paced or slow and steady. a new favorite in my collection"
76561198044759443,Recommended,282590,31960304,Posted: 25 May,all,Xerberus86,"great game, a sadly overlooked realtime 4x gem."
,Recommended,282590,11967359,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Raven,"Amazing game by a small group of indie Dev's and they sure made an awesome one too, Star Ruler and now this, Early Access is amazing, games very stable.. and as well its very fun to play and theres different ways to Win the game as well"
76561197998183418,Recommended,282590,11809186,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,NightFire,"This game is absolutely a hidden gem especially for the more seasoned gamers.Ok first impressions were not that great, the inability to go fullscreen and the web-like UI had me mentally kicking myself for buying it.However, after remembering this is early access I persevered and to my surprise the more i investigated, the more good things i found.Pro's:Multi-PlatformHighly original diplomacy not personally seen before in this genre.Solid game mechanics and AI, although still room for improvement.Customizable Races for you and your AI.Massive, fully customisable Ship designer, with shareable ship designsIngame IRC chat direct with the Devs, dont like something about the game? then tell them :)Create Mods ingame. The use of text files for settings and ai make this a modders paradise.Easy to use UI.In-game wiki.Customisable Autosave feature.Fully customisable Key Binds.Cons:Graphics are not finished, expect some rather dire pixel art in places not finished yet.Tutorial could be better.Lean documentation.Summary:There are plenty of places where the game needs some improvement, but the game flows so well, there is nothing to my mind that sticks out as an obvious con, other than the unfinished graphics and some bugs in graphics device area.In regards to the tutorial it gives a good overview of setting up your planets and the basics of setting up your colonies etc. but Diplomacy is hardly touched on and you only get a fleeting glance at the ship design feature.The documentation could be better and leaves a lot of the detail to figure out yourself which can be good/bad on your preference. Although, the Devs are very approachable and the IRC makes for a good read even while playing solo.Overall though, if like me you have fond memories of SupCom Lan parties and the like, this game is an absolute ""Must Have"" in your library. The fact this game is unfinished and still in active development only adds to the credit due to the developers, for this game surely shows a great deal of promise."
76561198006765864,Recommended,282590,13930058,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,LilBadWitch,"This game is the sequel to the definitive space 4x strategy game. Able to construct ships of almost limitless size as long as your economy allows it, to warp through hundreds of systems in realtime, and organize your several star fleets with ease; Star Ruler does so much right and so little wrong. We can only hope the content of the game and it's community grow.Play it. You must play it."
76561197960287770,Not Recommended,282590,15252599,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,meier47,"If you liked star ruler 1 you will probably not like this game.I wrote some Pro and cons however from my point of view the cons significantly outweight the pros.*edit removed incorrect comment about ship upgradesCons:-Very  very limited ship Design: compared to Star ruler 1  (advanced armor is only available for flagships and this armor can NOT be placed in front of weapons) .  Besides Flagships are usually not the significant fighting force.-""one budget cycle"" economy makes it impossible to save money for later uses for example when the enemy breaks your complicated supply chain (see new economy system).-Combat: no more boarding possible, not possible to resupply ships aside from the automatic resupply. (You can not send additional supply ships when your fleet is low on supplies).-overall graphical style with very bright colorsPro:-Diplomacy system-aside from the budget economy the ressource system allows to make some decisions whether to focus on research or money ressources-some random debris to research while being in the expansion phase.-Easier system of settling planets-stonger differences in races"
76561197961972443,Recommended,282590,15197950,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,thefinn,"Well what can I say about this one?I'm sure we've all been burned plenty of times here on steam and most of us are completely cynical regarding our gaming purchases. However, this particular game I got on day 1, it had zero bugs, was polished and had pretty good gameplay.The engine itself even is great.Do you remember playing games like Sins of a Solar Empire ? Where you'd tell the computer ""Hey make me like 1000 planets to fight over."" And the game would completely crap itself once you colonised them because nothing was properly threaded ? The interface would lock up and god help you if you went carriers and had 1000 fighters on screen at the same time.Well this has none of that.Gameplay wise the design of the game I might've changed here or there, however as a whole the game is great. It's interesting and fun, you can design your own ships down to where to put each piece of armor (I hope there'll be more skins for the ships in future).The only really serious problem the game has in my opinion is the strategy map and attacking worlds. It's so generic and abstract that it gets boring fast.I'd have to give this game a good 6/10 for gameplay and a 10/10 for delivery."
76561198071627966,Recommended,282590,16323317,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,FourGreenFields,"Good game.There is some stuff that keeps it from being a great game, but it's solid. The main game concepts - player-designed ships, the economy system, and the unique diplomacy - all work great.The AI is not so great, but that's about the only bad thing about this game. It can be a bit difficult to analyse the user interface to manage planets once you have loads of them, but the UI ismostlygood.To explain some game concepts:- Ships are built using subsystems, placed on a grid of hexes. Every ship has a limited ammount of internal space, so you can only have either big engines, or big weapons.It actually matters where you place subsystems - rail cannons and lasers can only fire some directions, all weapons need to be placed on the outside, most engines need to placed on the outside on the rear, importand stuff should be placed where it's hard to hit, etc.Damage passes through the hexes of the ship from the direction the hit came from, usually moving in a straight line. That enables you to armor importand stuff (like the bridge(s)) even more, and also makes your weapons weak-points on your ship - unless you use internal armor, or something similar - as a hit on your weapons won't need to pierce the armor.- Planets have a resource they produce, population, a pressure limit, and a level.Population is pretty straight forward - the higher the planet level, the more population the planet can hold.Resources do several things - some (like food, water, tier I and II resources) are required to level a planet up. Some add pressure, some add special effects. Sending resources from one planet to another is the only way to get a decent economy going.Pressure capacity increases with population, and some player-build ""imperial"" buildings.Pressure makes your planet build ""civilian"" structures - labour pressure -> industry buildings, money pressure -> markets, etc. You have little influence on that, which makes managing planets easier. Pressure above pressure capacity is not used as efficiently.All that stuff combined (especially the need to gather food, water, and tier I and II resources) makes sure that people expand (turtle-ing is still possible, but even then you need room to breathe), while the fact that level 0 planets cost money to sustain makes sure it isnt just rushing as many planets as possible.- Diplomacy usually is treaties with other players - which is possible in SR2 as well. However, there is also a ""card game"" - you play a card that starts a vote, lets say about whether you can annect a planet or system, and everyone can play cards to weigh in on that vote in support, or opposition. Playing and buying cards costs influence. It works pretty well, and it simulates some aspects of diplomacy better than any other system I've seen so far."
76561198038609754,Not Recommended,282590,20631587,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Xwhyzed,"Sadly this game is a huge dissapointment after Star Ruler.I really loved the first one but this is full of bad design decisions:- the economic system is totally messed up and illogical (detailed at the bottom)- the research tree is a mess- the new ship designing system (building blocks) adds nothing useful but it makes the process really time consuming- the UI is just terribleThere are some nice things like different forms of FTL travel and an improved diplomacy but generally the gameplay is bad.So the major economy chages:- The money you have is gone every 3 minutes, the part you didn't spend is used up to support one of the global resources (research, influence for diplomacy, energy, FTL energy). This means you can't save up money for later use and really limits your building capabilities. I have no idea why the thought this will be a good thing...- Instead of mining metal, making electronics, goods, luxury stuff, every planet has a special exportable resource (ranging from food, water to rare materials) that it can export to 1! other planet (basically you just link the planets together).To increas income, productivity and population you have to upgrade the planet by linking different resources to it from other planets, higher level requires higher level resources so this leads up to a long chain of planets. If you loose the necessary resource your planet gets downgraded. I think this was suppose to add some strategic depth (you have to protect the rare, high level resources if you want to have high level planets) but in truth it's a boring pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197966358311,Recommended,282590,15255733,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Ketamarine,"An enigmatic gem of a space 4X. If you loved Master of Orion, Sins of a Solar Empire or (particularly) Stardrive - you will love this unique take on RTS space sandbox!This game manages to let you delve as far into the complexity as you want - customized ships, micro-managing every level 1+ planet, fleet management, etc. without forcing you to do really any of it that doesn't interest you. Some elements will be familiar - research, ship design and combat - but others are innovative and strangely rewarding - particularly the somewhat simplified planet level / pressure system.This totally unprecedented approach avoids the common pitfall of having dozens of mediocre planets with long build queues to manage by linking multiple systems together to develop regional powerhouse worlds (a la Trantor from the Federation books). You could manage an empire of 25 - 50 systems that all feed into just 2-4 strategically critical commerce, research and production meccas. It takes a while to understand how to properly connect your web of worlds, but nothing matches the feeling of finally getting that level 5 capital pumping out the cash, research and *most importantly* giant behemoth led fleets.Speaking of fleets - the ship design is both deep and rewarding - balancing many different combat roles in a somewhat simplified flagship + supports system. If you don't want to design your own ships, you can download interesting and unique creations built by the community. And the size and scale of the ships and systems is only limited by the size of your empire - with an infinitely scalable (and ingeniuosly ""economies of scale"" based) size system. Combat is aesthetically beautiful, if tactically thin - but certainly rewards players for careful combination of forces and flanking / disabling manuevres (nothing like hitting a flagship with a disabling ion cannon blast while your backup warps in behind them for the kill!).My only gripe is that the AI is unpredictable at best, and downright ""unfair"" at higher difficulties - and the diplomacy system is only ok. It throws out the Civilization style trading and (most) agreements for an influence based card game where you can bid for and against certain empire and universe wide perks/debuffs. It's pretty easy to ignore - at least in single player. Victory conditions are also lacking, but I could see more paths to victory added in the future (activating the revenant is pretty much a sure thing as I discovered in my last playthrough - how much is 1.6G in supplies anyways...)Overall this is a huge imrpovement on the original (which I tossed out pretty quickly due to its unapproachable complexity) and really a new game that stands well on its own. Worth the price of entry for any 4X or space buff that wants a fresh take on ruling a massive intergalactic empire!"
,Recommended,282590,33076238,Posted: 1 July,all,citizenfoe,"SO much about this game to love. High marks for content but, moreover, using interface and usability to supplement immersion.The features are many and the interface is very intuitive; meaning I don't find myself getting lost or caught in mouse-click Hell. The subtle differences in how you use the various features (economy, diplomacy/card, building/grids) makes each aspect of the game a unique mini-game in some cases.Other examples include:- ability to ""build"" support fleets which automatically move to reinforce active fleets- Budgeting cycle which applies any unused budget to a ""welfare"" bonus- Diplomatic decisions which incorporate voting and civilian ""pressure"" modifiersNuanced features like this provide a simple yet highly effective means of adding depth, which I feel is often times hard to do in 4X games where it can quickly feel like you're simply micro-managing balance sheets and stat margins.Graphics are reminiscent of Homeworld/Sins of a Solar Empire, though not as basic as titles like Distant Worlds where often times models are little more than blobs of pixels. Considering the mentions of ""death by Dysentery"" in the begining tutorial, I can assume the developers were playing the same games as I was growing up and no doubt found themselves pulling all-nighters through both Homeworld and SOS.Furthermore, the cross-platform nature of the development gives me high hopes for a vibrant community.Overall, the game instills a ""by gamers for gamers"" experience.Ratings ReportIntensity: CasualContent: ImmenseStory: GenericInterface:  Highly-intuitiveGraphics: Basic/IndieDevelopment: LiberalRe-playability: Definately"
,Recommended,282590,14565360,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,PorkJustice,"This is a solid sequel to the first Star Ruler, even if it diverges from the mechanics in certain key aspects.First and foremost the economy has changed dramatically from the first game (for the better IMO) in that much of your empires goods and finances have been abstracted to where you need to level planets by importing goods produced by other planets. This system encourages constant empire expansion that many other 4X titles do not.Diplomacy has also radically changed, and is also very different from any other 4X title that I am aware of. It uses a card mechanic in where you can put into play a card that will force another empire to cede one of their planets to your control. To do this however, you will need a certain number of votes in the senate to have the motion pass. During this phase you can play additional cards (which cost influence to purchase) to boost your cause, while other empires can also play their own cards for or against your motion. It is again abstract, and looses some of the nuance that a straight diplomatic system has in most 4x games but gains an additional means of mechanically expanding your empire and punishing those who threaten you. The AI right now does seem to have a hard time playing with the system, but I think the devs will continue to develop how they interact with it.Ship building has the same feel as the first Star Ruler, but feels more fine tuned this time around. Ships are build on a hexagonal grid where components are placed. Weapons have firing arcs and must be on the exterior of the hull. How you build your ship does determine how well you do in battle, as incoming damage is directional. Fleets have changed in that Capital ships are the primary units of a fleet, and lead support ships with them. When designing ships your design Capital ships and support ships. Capital ships are full sized ships with all of the components you have researched and can fit on them, while support ships are limited to engines, weapons, armor/shields, and a few other systems. Support ships are designed to add fire power and tank to the Capital ship of the fleet.As with any early access game here on Steam its always a concern regarding how active the developers are in continuing their project. Here with Star Ruler 2 I've been happy, as the Devs have been releasing new updates very regularly. These updates have included new components, inclusion of races, improvements on mechanics and bug fixes. I fully expect that they will fulfill their goal with this game."
,Not Recommended,282590,15521060,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,killerherts,Too much going on for me I did not like having to upgrade my own ships
76561198017336743,Recommended,282590,15116910,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tactical Wargamer,Excellent 4'er with seamless MP and Coop support. Would never have thought the game was/is early access. Runs amazingly well out of the box!! Never seen this before with any other early access games. PLayed a MP LAN game for 5 hours not one hickup!!! WOW. I am sorry I missed star ruler 1. This bad boy replaces my ENDLESS SPACE & SWORD OF THE STAR I &II.Worth every penny. Can't wait for add ons. This price is a STEAL!!
,Recommended,282590,15054356,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Hydro,"Well, the game looks glorious. I like the way fleets work, and how there are so many versions of FTL. Two things kill it for me though, and are the reasons why I have not played past the tutorial. For one, there's the highly-praised diplomacy. It's, just... why? Wardecs and nonaggression pacts would have been wonderful. But... cards? Ew. If you want to take a system, you should get yourself some ships and go wreck face. Also a ""galactic senate"" implies one unified empire, which is simply not the case.However I can forgive the game its sins, because everything else is very tasty."
76561197979021585,Recommended,282590,33212438,Posted: 3 July,all,drona_,"Great, unique space RTS. A very refreshing take where the economy is done very differently. Gives a unique flow to a game and a depth that takes time to fully explore. Overall, a must in any RTS library because of its well executed uniqueness."
,Recommended,282590,17745520,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Andromeda,"Star Ruler 2 is a gem of a game, this 4X game from the makers of Star Ruler 1 brings meaningful choices in a genre where most of your choices are dictated by trying to out do your enemies by sheer technological or military might. Instead here you don't have a tech tree with weapons and sub-systems coming out of the wazoo (While more veriety would be extremely welcome as in large battles you will just see a modern art piece with all the pretty colours and lines and such).Flagships need support ships, this forms a fleet. The tech web makes use of links that provide improvements to pre-existing things. You must create a trade network to support your empire. This game has many good things about it that many just ignore because they are so acustomed to the typical stuff we know from other 4X Games, simplicity.But here are the Pro's and Con's of this game in my honest and unbiased opinion.Pro's:-*Deep and meaningful management of your colonies*Beautiful space battles in their own right.*Unique Race Options*Fracking Ring Worlds and Planet Thrusters!*Interesting take on the Tech Tree, making it more of a Web.*Multiple methods of FTL, making for a unique way to play each time.Con's:-*Limited choice of Sub-Systems can make space battles a little stagnant and ship design a little pointless after a while, offering no adaptation to the enemy.*Trade System can be a little too complex at times for some.*No Empire Wide management options at the political level*No Govenors to automatically manage worlds, a must have feature for anyone playing on larger maps or multi-galaxy ones.*Sadly the FTL effect could use some changes, right now it is a little... too much. Some veriety would be nice for the others, less purple please.Time for me to Plead to you!:-Sadly, the Developer (At the time of making this review) has state they won't have the funds to remain operational by 2016. This means no SR3 or any further stuff for SR2. SR2 has A LOT of potential. As such it would be a massive shame to see Blindman Studio's close their door's.This game is only £18.99 in the UK, I would say it's worth it, oh so worth it. Even if you feel it's too rough right now or dosn't have enough shiny things in it to be worth of your money, just buy it. Get stuck into the game and enjoy it.This is not a AAA company making Star Ruler 2, they are just normal people who made two great games out of passion. Please consider either donating to them or just buying this, or even buying a copy for a friend, the multiplayer in this game can get really fun and intense when you go on a star killing bender!.I am in no way affiliated with BMS. And I get nothing out of urging you to buy this game. Just look at the reviews yourself, this game has very positive feedback, some amazing mods and it can be yours for a pitence compared to a AAA alternative."
,Recommended,282590,15393687,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ppickeri,"Hard to take myself away from playing this game to write this review, but I feel compelled to recommend it since it really is a gem. If you like Endless Space, Sins of a Solar Empire or Distant Worlds, this game is definitely for you. Many of the game mechanics are quite original - ship design and diplomacy are really well designed and add a remarkable amount of depth. I admit that I was on the fence on this one because the overall positive review percentage was sitting around 80%. Honestly I'm rather astonished that it isn't in the 90-95% range. Definitely recommend this - I am very happy I got it."
76561198059892163,Not Recommended,282590,19654621,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,vincentlocas,"This is more a puzzle game than a good 4x strategy game.One of the thing I like the most in those game is the empire-building aspect.In this game, empire-building consist in linking the right planets to provide ressources to grow said planets. It creates some sort of spideweb in the end. If for wathever reason, the chain of supply is broken, even for a moment because of a blokade or something, all the planets depending on the resources fall apart and your empire gets ruined =Can't afford to pay the fleet.The game would me much less tendious if it was managed on the empire level. Like in Distant universe for example."
,Recommended,282590,26357264,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Blitz071,"This game is wicked awesome. It is my favorite space 4X game by far. I've sat here for hours on end, playing this.The new update and / or new DLC stutters and runs like garbage on my system, so I've removed it and turned off updates, but the base game still runs stable.My system: AMD Phenom II 3.4GHz Quad Core, Nvidia GeForce 460 GTX (1GB), 8GB Ram, Velociraptor HDD, Windows 7 64-bit"
76561198002675913,Not Recommended,282590,17419450,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,luisfpf,Bugs and more bugs...Crashes when trying to play 500 system games...
,Recommended,282590,15313074,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"This game is actually a ton of fun, a huge improvement over it's predecessor. It also introduces a lot of interesting ideas to the standard 4x Space genre such as planet leveling through resources, bargaining with other players for Civilization bonuses and everything is wrapped up in a nice simplistic UI. Still can't out colonize that damn AI though... it's like they breed like rabbits or something.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmyuJZXOUCs"
,Not Recommended,282590,19640753,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,sgtlion,"Ech, it's an okay game. But I feel like I've wondered into a bit more generic space civ instead of the sequel to the powerful Star Ruler 2. I feel like on its own merit it's a good and enjoyable game, but I bought it expecting an improved Star Ruler experience, and find myself playing a game that, instead of expanding on Star Ruler's great features mixed with simplicity, made ship designing a bore, planet management a bore, diplomacy a minigame, and me basically not caring anymore.Could I design megaships of cool? Yes, but now it would take me infinity years, and the rules to shipbuilding are vague at best, as well as the knowledge of what my blocks will do. It feels uneasy, broad, just.. uncomfortable."
,Not Recommended,282590,15140013,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,embecmom,I want to love Star Ruler 2 but am really struggling.  The tutorial is ok but a hell uva lot of reading needs done before really understanding this game.  I played homeworld alot and really enjoyed that and was looking for a more recent space rts.  Star Ruler is a strange one .. it tries to be a political space trading game with battles but in all honesty its more of a space battles game with politics and a bit of trading.  Trading at this point is between your own planets and when I say between I mean one way .. so you colonize a planet then need to find a resource to upgrade it so you go to anothe rplanet and import that resource and so on and so fourth.  I assume in multiplayer it gets more interesting as you fight over a planet with that resource.. the issue is the logistical management of it all.  You need a pen and paper to track a single planatery upgrade .. i.e  planet is 0 level it needs two resources to upgrade to level 1.. one of those resources is on a level 0 planet which also needs to level to 1 which needs two resources to upgrade.. and so on it goes... for me not particularly fun.   Building space craft could be interesting but their research matrix is so confused your not quite clear what direction your going in.. again pen and paper handy to map your research table .. again reading needs done (which I have not done admittedly).. perhaps I just dont have the patience I used to.. lastly the politcal side of the game could be quite interesting in Multiplayer with the ability to buy specific political cards to play and then bid on whether the rule is enforced.  In single player I have kinda just ignored it.
,Recommended,282590,11332179,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Pax,"Excellent 4x game. Streamlined, innovative diplomacy system with a clean and intuitive design. A bit of a learning curve, but the tutorial is good and there is a solid built in wiki.This is one of the best early release games I've ever seen in terms of content and stability.Hoping the devs add some new features like ground combat and fleet tactics, but overall a really great experience."
76561197997095216,Recommended,282590,25983800,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Vance Renadi,"If there's one thing that makes me recommend this game it's scale.It takes some very basic ideas, planets only have one resource to them, your job is to manage the trade connections between planets so that entire planets worth of resources are feeding into your powerhouse planets.In the end you'll have 20 some planets feeding into each of your primary planets, with resources as varied as jewelery and gold as well as volotile gasses to help develop your destrucitve abilities.Every planet you feed into a planet provids pressure that forces your planets to develop infrastructure related to the type of resources it is recieving.And then there's the combat, there's two primary types of ships you use, flag ships and support ships.  You can only command flag ships, but they indirectly control entire swarms of support ships.All told building a vast empire is a great feeling, and I wish there were more experiences even close to this."
76561197996683304,Recommended,282590,22665999,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zinnemann,"Clicked instantly with me. Great scalable UI, catchy strange music, atmospheric graphics that indicate very wellwhat's going on and that make it fun to watch your empire at work. Same can be said for combat: a pleasure to watch.RTS-combat is more a slwo-mo thing; fits my preferences perfectly.Empire expanding mechanics make you cleverly connect planets and establish a advantageous hierarchy among them. Feels fresh and enjoyable.Diplomacy right now looks like an ongoing minigame where you have to make farseeing decisions by building up a deck of useful ""available actions""... you sometimes might need.Certainly inventive, higly entertaining and easy to get in. I can't wait to play more.You like space games? You like 4X? Buy it!"
76561198155946745,Recommended,282590,33103282,Posted: 1 July,all,Zyndr,"I've played many of the 4x genre of games, and I'll say that this is the best I've played. It might have gotten off to a rough start, but boy did it come back with a vengance."
,Recommended,282590,25263537,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Maelstrom Vortex,"This game is arguably the most amazing 4 x space conquest game I have played. I don't want to give away to many spoilers, but.. create stars, destroy worlds, create worlds, dyson spheres.. it's all here.The fleet battles I can barely even describe they are so fantastic. You custom design each ship you use to your own purpose and strategy. It has blown my mind. The amount of ships you can have on screen at the same itme has not out stretched the capabilities of my I5 / 16 GB ram / Nvidia 550ti system and I'm playing with 20 systems on 10 different galaxies for a total of 200 total systems present on the game map with more being created and planets being created by artifacts.I cannot heap enoug praise on this game, it is beautif, eloquent, complex, and the political system can be used to conquer just as easily as the military. So many strategies to use, so many ways to dominate your opponent. A truly remarkable game."
76561197970577713,Recommended,282590,15086479,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Dr Smith,Star Ruler 2 has the best diplomacy system I have seen in any game; hands down. It is not a tacked on afterthought.
,Recommended,282590,22613854,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Curunir,"Quite a revolutionary game. It's made by 3 guys, stuff like real time gameplay, fun diplomacy system and huge fleets make it a really interesting game in the 4X genre. You should really give it a try if you are bored of ""Civ in Space"" and ""MoO-Clone"" type of games. Also logistics system is really cool, you should create a basic logistics chain in order to give planets the resources they can use. All in all, recommended to fans of 4X and space games."
,Recommended,282590,22636653,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,The Inquisitor,"An excellent 4X with a great ship customisation. Fleet sizes are huge, pretty, and extremely powerful. Really suggest for all people interested in 4X."
76561198119314780,Not Recommended,282590,19738774,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MercifulTacos,I despise the system they created for planetary development. It makes the game tedious and just not worth playing. I absolutely LOVED the first star ruler. I recommend just buying the first one and playing it with the mods.
,Not Recommended,282590,18619051,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,General Moore,"This game was not what I expected it to be! I played the tutorial and while it was slightly confusing I was willing to give it a shot. When I started a campaing though it immediately crashed. No matter what I tried, I could not get it to work. I wrote the developer, but I never heard anything back from them. It really dissapointed me. I honestly cannot reccommend this game. Just too many problems to be worth it."
,Not Recommended,282590,20047623,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,veive,"Game has stability problems with both multiplayer and single player. It's fun to play, but very frustrating when the game crashes or will not allow you to take certain actions."
76561198065098412,Not Recommended,282590,15765905,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Storm_Chasee,Game crashes when I'm on the main space tab.  Other tabs have worked in other times I played.No easy link to a manual unlike the other games I have (Star Ruler didn't have a link either).Game is unplayable for the computer I have.  For $15 dollars I hoped the 512mb video card was not a hard requirment.  I don't know for sure if that's the problem.Tutorials are not an acceptable replacement for a manual. Even if the game worked fine I couldn't recommend it without a manual.  Too bad because it does look like a game I could like.
76561198078402768,Not Recommended,282590,17969570,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,solops1,"Interesting and innovative fleet management. Clumsy and difficult to use economic system. Very interesting game, but, in the end, too difficult to interface with."
76561198027516529,Not Recommended,282590,18076570,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Shiv,"This game seem to have a potential, but it is outrageously unstable.Even if you were able to start a game without it crushing, if you want to load a game to continue from where you left it, it will crush. Most times it won't even let you start, and anyway you will never get to finish a game."
76561198007610552,Not Recommended,282590,15365526,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Matiati,Resource management is too complicated. Nothing neat and tidy. Resources networks are hard to understand from the UI.Research tree is dull. Nothin interesting in it.Too few options to customize races.I say go for Star Drive 2 if you like a MOO type 4X game.Star Rule 2 unfortunately couldnt do it.I dont know if they fix these with mods and patches but in its current state the game is boring.
76561198096227723,Recommended,282590,24067689,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,maccrawinthejaw,"I've been laughing uncontrollably since I bought this gem of a game. Why am I laughing, you might wonder? Because it steals ideas from other games I've played, only it brings them all together and makes for a really, really fun playing experience.So Star Ruler 2 is a fusion of Civilization (for resource management and expanding your empire through the stars), Empire at War (for its fleet battles and galactic map), Skyrim (for its racial bonuses and traits), Halo (because you can build Halo, AND have it colonized; right now I'm unsure as to whether you can use it to purge all life from the galaxy), and Planetary Annihilation (for playing fetch with happy Corgi puppies. No, just kidding; just destroying planets with both thrusters and anti-planet weapons). I'm pretty sure there are other themes and references in there, but those are the ones I spotted from a mile away.The tutorial is vital in this game due to the amount of content. It's a lengthy tutorial (took me approximately an hour, but that's because I hadn't the slightest clue what in the hell I was doing), but a very thorough and detailed tutorial that covers every major gameplay element, including...> Resource distribution among planets.> Hyperspace travel.> Building and modifying fleets.> Buying units and buildings for planets.> Using galactic diplomacy to take control of entire solar systems.> Upgrading and researching technology.> Colonization of planets.It didn't cover space pirates (which I know for a fact are in the game; the option to toggle them on or off is present when setting up a game. They basically function like Barbarians in Civilization games, where they'll attack civilian shipping lanes and colonist ships but steer far clear of your navy) or unit caps or anything like that, which I guess is supposed to make you want to explore the game to find out, and honestly it does kind of work.So can I recommend Star Ruler 2? Absolutely. If you're a fan of one or all of the games I mentioned before, you'll have an even greater time with this than somebody who is largely indifferent to them all and just bought this game because it had space and planets."
76561198035304467,Not Recommended,282590,18036200,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,mammoth20,"I really wanted to like this game I looked at videos of the first game ,this game was so looking forward to playing this game .I love space games but just not the ones that have you going up down side ways like a carnaval ride . with that said I went decided to get the second version based on reviews that it was even esier then the first game . I was looking for a game that could spend a hour build some stuff have a battle here or there . demand a world to join me or I take there stuff any way well .the tutorial after 5 hours I gave up because I could not get my home planet to level up  I even maxed out the speed . I got on another computer tried to read up what to do nothing so ,screw the tutorial  can't  get through that might as well try the main game .This is where it got even worse I have played two games gotten killed off with two AI players in say 2 hours game time each play through . Sluagtered be more like it .there are so many cons to this game if you have not played this style before  DO NOT THROW YOUR MONEY AWAYI have spent hours in the foruims cannot make heads or tails of any of the guides .there is one I so wish I could learn to play so I could build some great shipsthe graphics are good the screens are good evrything seems nice just what to do with them is the ??? there is no manualno offical guide  I should have listened to the thumbs down review in game one he had 100+ hours loves the game but says same thing the DEVS ARE NOT HERE FOR YOU !!!!SO BUY THE GAME AT YOUR OWN RISK make sure you have played games like this before you can figure out the game or are willing to spend countless hours just to try to find a answer to a simple ???so NO do not buy the game I wasted my money on this I play a lot of hard core tatical/stratigic military games and this one is the worst game I have ever come across since there is absolutly no instructions or manual ..one more save your money"
,Recommended,282590,11316001,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,TheArchitect,"Star Ruler 2 is a game that has a lot of potential to be one of the best 4X games to come out since the Sins series. While there are a few bugs here and there, for an Early Access game Star Ruler 2 is a very solid experience with some unique innovations on a genre that only occasionally releases games that attempt to climb out of the established tropes and mechanics. The dev team is also very active, friendly and easily reachable through the in-game IRC client. Their dedication to keeping a line open to the community is very clear, just from a few hours of having spoken with them today.  If you like RTS / 4X style games, I would recommend Star Ruler 2 to you, but I would also say that you should be prepared to share any bugs you might find, and not expect a finished product like many gamers seem to expect unfairly from early access releases."
76561198114950823,Not Recommended,282590,15253505,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Vespy,"This game is like watching the Sagrada Familia in Barcelona being built, except the lead architect is a manic depressive.ie, you know it's could become something absolutely unique and wonderful, if only the game designers would make up their minds.The 1.0 version is a massive change from the Early Releases: balance and AI is even worse than ever and there's even more micromanagement, which is exactly why I gave this game a very guarded recommendation during Early Release.The 1.0 version doesn't get my thumbs up, WAY too many balance issues, too many untested changes.Many a rebalancing fix or mod will save this game..."
76561197970683990,Not Recommended,282590,15629482,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dorque,"This game has the BEST DIPLOMACY system in any game of the genre.  If you don't have real people to talk to, you need to have quantifiable reasons they do things.  Like Europa 4.  The cards are genius.This game has a GREAT TECH SYSTEM.  Lots of reviews don't agree, but it is just Final Fantasy's grid system.  If you are a pure space person it will bug you, but if you are a crossover game fan, it works great.This game has an AMAZING SHIP DESIGN system.  The more space in a ""room"" the more powerful the component is.  You can set up fire arcs (missing from champion SotS1) and have directional armor and cool modifiers.This game has an... INTERESTING RESOURCE SYSTEM.  It's... unique.  Kinda like Settlers 7 where you have to channel base resource buildings in to the better buildings.  Actually it's kinda lame.  You just drag lines between worlds.But most importantly it is TORPEDOED BY THE WORST SHIP FIGHTING SYSTEM ever made.  Who cares if you make a sweet ship with detailed armor patterns and fire arcs if you control nothing.  You grab your giant blob and place it near the other guy's giant blob.  No maneuvering, limited AI settings, just a slap fight with lots of laser beams that stay on too long to look cool.So no, I hella unreccommend this game.  It is a great pile of potential that just managed to suck all of the fun out of a giant spaceship game."
76561198028788330,Not Recommended,282590,18417943,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,XeroMan,Big fan of 4X games but the concepts of resources in this game dissapointed me. The ship design was very interesting but I look for a scalable empire management system. I like building big empires and developing colonies into powerhouses after a lot of effort. For me this game was very limiting and I quickly lost interest.
76561198022734065,Not Recommended,282590,26241821,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Yasha,"This game has a great many creative ideas and new approaches, but fails to explain them well. If you like climbing a learning cliff, it's the game for you. If you want something that you can dive into, with a friendly programmed-learning approach that makes play enjoyable, pick another title.There is a tutorial, but you better find the key control how to pause the real-time clock (see ESC-options-keybinds) before you start. Furthermore, do not experiment in the tutorial. You might do something that prevents you from finishing it. Also expect a few totally alien terms that are poorly selected for communicating a concept. If it sounds weird, just mentally map the game's term (such as ""pressure"") to a more familiar one (such as ""limit"").There is no manual for looking things up. There is a wiki, but it's only got 18 pages, some with just a few sentences. Expect to learn primarily through trial and error. This is especially true when it comes to pros and cons of various research options, ship design, bio-cultural variations, etc. You can try to ask questions in the Steam discussion, but expect to be trolled by people who invested a lot of time learning the game, and want to justify it by belittling you.On the plus side, developing an imperial economy inevitably creates weak spots in your empire. The bigger you get, the harder it is to manage and defend, which is a nice game mechanic. However, trying to re-jigger which planets support which other planets can quickly become a nightmare of back-tracing support routes, planet by planet, across dozens of interlocking multi-planet systems.On the minus side, like most games on this scale, you have no control over fleets in battle. The best you can do is give each ship design (not individual ship captains) ""standing orders"" to stay back or go in, and whether to go after the enemies powerful enemies, or weaker rear area support or ""artillery"" ships.If this were the only grand-strategy game of galatic empires in the last five years, it would be worth struggling with and learning. However, there are plenty of fresh concepts in this field, and plenty of easier-to-learn games. I didn't find the enjoyment available in Star Ruler 2 is worth the time and frustration of learning it."
76561198024216897,Recommended,282590,11308746,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ganjasaurus,"First impression. This game seems to be a expanded varient of a game series called Endless Space. While Endless space is mostly just stats and either winning or losing (yes there is minor battle scenes which all play out almost the same) Star Ruler 2 seems to illustrate every part of space colonization with realtime battles consisting of different sized ships controlled in by a capital ship. I will hopefully write more after I have thoroughly played, but for now I would highly recommend this game if space x4's are your thing.Edit 1: After more play, the colonization, ship building, budget system are all flawless and work well. Unlike Endless Space, Pandora: First Contact and other x4's this game finds a good balance for needing to expand and having the capability without being slammed with unhappyness, diplomatic nonsense and general unrealism (I mean come one ES, an empire being unhappy for expansion?). Well worth the low price. Get it while it is hot!"
76561198038549638,Not Recommended,282590,17211033,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Lord Kyle Deshara,"While the game is titled ""Star Ruler 2"", it is nothing like the game it is a sequel to. The game replaced virtually all concepts and gameplay that had made the first one a interesting, fun, and rather unique experience with a very much simplified game and seemed to have completely swapped the game's focus from the amazingly fun action of the first game to a puzzle game with your economy.I agree with other reviewers in that, as a standalone game this isn't poor, but like the Supreme Commander to Supreme Commander 2 transition, if you played the former you will be very much disappointed if you were expecting a sequel that expanded on the successful qualities of the first game.On the other hand, if you are not purchasing with the same expectations that I and quite a few others had or experience in the first game, you will find an interesting strategy game that doesn't require too much effort to enjoy.3/10, mostly over wasted potential"
,Recommended,282590,21697954,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,James T. Kirk,"10/10 Literally, I played with the new and very much approved Stargate Addon, set up a little roleplay with all of the systemlords, Asgard, ancients, and Wraith, ammased 100 Ha'tak motherships...Still Lost an hour long battle with the ancients."
,Recommended,282590,15587542,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Wulf,"Amazing strategy game, having lot's of fun with it, playing with my friend in the same game for a few days now. The depth of the game is just incredible. This hidden little gem definitely deserves more support than it currently has! I would hate to see the small dev team run out of funds."
76561197960954700,Recommended,282590,30050735,Posted: 19 February,all,Swizzler,"The game itself is a solid experience, well worth the money, and the moddability of this game is amazing. It's a shame that more modders are not stepping up to the plate to mod this game honestly.This game deserves to be bought, and the developers deserve to have the change to continue their business.Thumbs up."
76561198007493624,Recommended,282590,22812489,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Timmah,"Star Ruler 2 is without a doubt one of the best games in its genre, at present. Overall: 11/10It’s a grand-strategy level 4X game that can be played in 2-4 hours, a pretty impressive feat.Every facet of the game has impressive strategic depth.-	Early game: Check-	Expansion: Check-	Economy: Check-	Tech tree: Check-	Ship design: Check-	Strategic Level warfare: Check-	Tactical Level warfare: Check (but it’s kindof situational, and dependant on your ship designs – I’ve seen some pretty sneaky stuff in Multiplayer)The diplomacy system is novel and innovative, and made all the better with the recent expansion.I followed the game through the earliest stages of EA, and had great engagement with the Dev team. They sincerely listened to the community and made the game progressively better (So many QOL gameplay additions!!). They even hosted weekly free drop-in games. Great fun!Bonus points – the game is extremely easy to mod. +1"
76561197968062093,Recommended,282590,25593000,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Brenil,"Quite simply one of the best 4X games ever made and one you've probably never heard about.Odds are the first time you play this, you'll not understand it, hate it, or just think it is a generic rip-off of Sins of a Solar Empire.  Or perhaps all the above.  Yet, if you stick with it, you'll come to understand how truly unique of a game Star Ruler 2 is and how it makes all other space 4X games seem simple and undaring.If you're looking for a space 4X that strives to push boundries, creates a unique supply/demand based economy system, with late-game relevance, enormous multi-galactic and fleet battle scale, and unrivaled customization, then try out Star Ruler 2.If you're looking for your average space 4X game, look to Galactic Civilizations III, Stellaris, or any other space 4X game that has been released in the last twenty years."
76561198044037834,Recommended,282590,22912042,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,CombatSniper32,"This game has everything a Space Grand Strategy 4x game has to offer. Everything. Granted, its research and diplomacy could use a little work but a fantastic game none the less. Blowing up planets to entire galaxies... the best thing in this game.Stellaris could learn a thing or two..."
,Recommended,282590,20225761,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,10th Level Toaster,"A fantstic game with lots of depth. Can take some time to learn however it it is a worthy addition to any 4X lovers library. - Support the devs, buy this game!"
,Recommended,282590,12705720,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hypnosis,I recommend this game! It's the game I have been searching for a long time. I think it's the best strategy game I have played to this day.
,Not Recommended,282590,16133205,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,wetmackeral,"It was diverting, but there are so many frustrating things about it.1) The camera panning is terrible on 3D galaxies.2) Microcline. Just... Microcline. Why.3) The ship design screen is massively confusing, but doesn't have an ""automated upgrade"" function.Nice idea. Bad follow through."
,Not Recommended,282590,17438370,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Toxicwire,"Game doesn't really have much content to it, it's more of a casual 4X game."
,Recommended,282590,20230378,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Reggie,"One of the best and innovative 4X games I have played, and I've played a lot."
,Not Recommended,282590,15816460,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Narnach,"I loved Star Ruler 1 and was very happy with how that was developed and supported for a long time. That game instantly hooked me and I played it for dozens of hours.I was very excited when Star Ruler 2 was announced.After playing SR2 for a few hours, first in the early access and now again after launch... I have lost all my excitement. This game is slow, utterly boring and is nothing like SR1. It feels more like a weird Civilization in space game, than it does like the successor to SR1. The name of Star Ruler 2 is highly misleading.If you liked Star Ruler 1, check out Youtube game footage or something before buying this game. You might end up disappointed as well."
76561198106393773,Not Recommended,282590,15885579,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,DaveZjaVu,"Lacks the charm and insane amount of replay-ability of the first one. Nearly everything was dumbed down, the new colonization system is boring, and the new UI makes you feel like your playing an internet browser game. Gone is the ability to make ships the size of star systems thanks to it's new resource system that has been severely 'Streamlined'. The soundtrack is good but that's about it.The new diplomacy system is boring and pointless, sure it's technically better than the one in SR1, but no-one ever used it anyway. Star ruler 2 tries to be a true 4X game, but it's charm was always it's dramatic, and EPIC space battles.However, the worst downgrade to this game is the new and 'improved' ship sub-system, system. I spent hundreds of hours customizing my ships in SR1, it was it's standalone feature. The new one pales in comparison, absolutely pales!This game is what Supreme commander 2 was to Supreme commander 1, and forged alliance. It's what Planetary annihilation is to Total annihilation.Stop trying to make your game like other peoples, make it unique, please Blind-mind go back to your roots!(Yes my English isn't perfect, just getting my views across)"
76561197982269157,Not Recommended,282590,12196630,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,DocCox,"I can't reccomend this. The ship design is a huge step back from what it was. If that's the direction they are going to go, there are 500 other titles that do a better job. I'm also not a fan of the silly card systems they added...All we really needed was for the AI to work in the original. Sure some other small things were wanted... but a total rewrite probably was not. Im actually pretty unsatisified. Its EA but I don't see anything I think has even slightly improved, all I see are downgrades"
76561198114682255,Not Recommended,282590,15617984,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Frozen Dusk,"not what i was expecting, it has not the gameplay of the first game, with games like these i learn to search reviews before buying. dam wasted money"
,Not Recommended,282590,12111538,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Drasca,"This Early Access game is better than typical Early Access but is still terribly imbalanced, the ship designs poorly implemented. There are choices, but they are illusionary don't work. Between Door A, Door B and Door C, only Door A is valid, weapon A is useful.Gameplay: Like Star Ruler 1, economy stalls very easily and it becomes impossible to catch up. The game devs don't know where they're headed, or what they want to add but want to release in 2-3 months. They don't have good vision and perspective on where they're going and what they're going to do, but somehow expect to release. this fall/winter 2014. That does not raise confidence with incomplete game development.Single Player: The enemy AI is currently about as effective as stock cartoon villains. They will research only additional ship hp / armor technology (metallurgy), and as the game progresses the player will greatly outstrip the enemy ships both in scale, life and damage. In short, they cannot hurt you and only annoy at best.In short, don't buy this game. At the very least, wait until this game gets on sale a six months to a year after release for more reviews and patches."
,Not Recommended,282590,15115956,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jerigord,"I want to like this game. I've tried it multiple times, read a number of strategies on it, and basically given it as much of a chance as I could, but it's simply become too frustrating. The tutorial covers the bare minimums to understand how to play, but does little to cover advanced concepts. The graphics are passable, but the UI lacks a lot of relevant information and the alerts for important events are far too easy to notice. I found myself losing fights that should have been easy only to later find that the enemy had multiple fleets stacked, but I couldn't tell that from how the game presented the information to me. At other times, I've had fleets seemingly unwilling to build support ships, which led to further losses. As it stands, the game has a few interesting concepts, but the UI and documentation are far too much of a hindrance for me to enjoy the game."
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,282590,15188269,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,"I like the idea behind this game, but it just isn't doing it for me. It just feels so dull and boring it almost makes me want to cry. I won't make this review too long so I will just list the biggest pros and cons of the game:Pros:-Large scale with lots of units.-You can design your own ships.-Interesting diplomacy system.Cons:-Extremely bland and soulless which means there is zero immersion in the game.-Economic system is rather tedious.-Combat while cool to watch is mostly devoid of strategy and thus dull (it's one of those games where the army with the highest numbers and stats just wins by default).-Tech tree is a total mess that is impossible to understand.-Menus are mediocre.Overall this game just doesn't do it for me. I think I will rather just wait for Stardrive 2 which will come out in about a weeks time."
76561197986238165,Recommended,282590,13178406,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,horsem3n,"Even being in early stages this game is a pretty solid game. Stable, fun to play, and has a neat and unique twist of strategies for a 4x game.My Thoughts:-Game is pretty stable for being early stages. Though I did not have any crashes or show stopping events, I did notice a few places where the UI could be corrected. Nothing major and I am sure the developers will solve this in time- You will either absolutely love or loathe the planet resource sharing system. It is very unique and different from anything that I have played. In their current version you must obtain a bunch of smaller, low level planets and share a single resource per planet in a web that eventually all points to a main planet. (The tutorial really helps explain this more)-Research, research, research. Though I can see the cause and effects of the different system, I really enjoyed the system from SR1. I personally love LOTS of research, unlocking all kinds of new stuff, being able to do super awesome things. Again this is early access, so I am sure there will be more things to come.- Though the game is good AND in early stages I feel like the game is missing a deep element. Space. I use to love being able to build a legit mining fleet, sending them to an asteroid belt, build an outpost and send those resources back to my empire. I loved the idea of building the space stations that had different features and reasons to be built. I loved the immense depth of SR1 with all of the things you could (or could not) do. I feel that even though this game is still in early stages it is missing some fundamentally sound building blocks. Everything has been streamlined, we took the ability to micromanage away and replaced it with a simple ‘Right Click – Build mining outpost – walk away and never think about that asteroid again’ mentality.Overall I think it’s going to shape out to be a great game. It has many new and exciting features and in time will turn into something as fun as SR1"
,Recommended,282590,12237468,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,xeno_chamber,"Off to a good start, reminds me of Space Empires."
76561198039463852,Recommended,282590,15438305,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kirkland Langue,"If you like 4X games, you owe it to yourself to try this one out. Many games claim to be ""easy to learn, hard to master"" - this game actually fulfills that more than any other game I've ever played.As for giving an idea of what this game brings to the 4x genre:1. Economy - in most 4x games you just build basically everything you can on every planet you can to maximize production across the board and then spam fleets from everywhere.  Star Ruler couldn't be further from that - instead you funnel resources to planets so that you end up with only a couple advanced planets, with most others either providing the resources or supporting your empire in other ways.Is it difficult to do this?  No.  You simply right click on your planet and tell it to level up if you wish to develop it further than it is.  The game will automatically find available resources and route them.  There is a simple to understand chart showing which resources you have excess of, which you need, which you are currently acquiring, and which planets are having problems.2. Diplomacy. Most 4x games you talk to each of the other empires individually and try to set up trade agreements or other political standings.  In this game... Diplomacy is a minigame which every government plays. Over time, Governments acquire influence points and then use those influence points for Politics cards which are used in this minigame. This model for Diplomacy completely blows away any other Diplomacy model I've seen in a 4x game before.3. Customizing ships.  Most 4x Games have some means for customizing their units based upon the technology they acquire through the game.  This one is no different - except where most 4x games simply allow you to swap modules, this one lets you completely design every aspect of the ship.    for a first time player, this may seem overwhelming when faced with the prospect of having to continuously redesign ships every time they get new technology or become richer...   Never fear - there is a scaling mechanism where you can simply modify a single value for your design, and the ship becomes more powerful and costs more - that way you can focus upon simply making tweaks to a ship design that you are fond of.Not only can you custom build your own ships - but Star Ruler allows you to share those designs with other people in the community by uploading and downloading the designs within the game interface.4. Combat - THIS is what fleet battles in a 4x game should be like.  You quickly end up with fights where there are hundreds of individual ships duking it out - and taking down capital ships, is pretty satisfying.   Sure it'd be great if you could take control of one of the fighters and go into flight sim mode - but a game can't have everything.Seriously though, if you are a fan of the 4x Genre - you should feel compelled to at least give this game a try."
76561197983973145,Recommended,282590,11668152,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,JecJackal,"Just started playing the early access and I'm very impressed. While many of the systems are not fully completed (graphics aren't final, some UI quirks etc) this game definately has the trappings of greatness. In particular, I like the new planetary leveling system. Each planet has 1 resource and they require a combination of resources to level up. So you might have 1 or 2 crown worlds at level 4 (the max) and several smaller worlds which are supplying the goods to those planets. This type of internal trading simply doesn't exist in other 4x games.In addition to the internal trade routes, there is a pressure system. If I supply a planet with materials for energy (plutonium etc), then small civilian structures will be built based upon energy production. So some of your planet's construction is done automatically based upon what resources you supply. This gives a very organic feel to the planet's developments."
,Recommended,282590,20186869,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,lyndonguitar,"First of all, It's not your typical 4X game like Distant Worlds, GalCiv, Endless Space, Space Empires, Sins of a Solar Empire, and not even Star Ruler 1.Everything is different, the resources, diplomacy, the tech tree, the unit system. But they still got some nice cool things similar to other space 4x games.  The battle system is similar to Sins of a Solar Empire(which was great), the planet management is similar to GalCiv, in which the planets have tiles, ship builder is similar to StarDrive(the only thing good about that game imo)It's a very complex game to learn and yet there is simplicity in it, it just departs so much from the typical 4X formula that it has a very steep learning curve, but once you completely learn the mechanics(including learning some weird new terms like 'pressure') you'll find the simplicity and awesomeness of the game.Empire building is epic as there is a lot of end game options. You can make artificial planets, ring worlds surrounding a whole star, star/planet destroying machines/ships. Factories that harvest the star itself(and damages it to destruction), ships are basically only limited by your empire's economy. Build the biggest ship that you can, or the most powerful ship in the galaxy, or the universe(you can play multiple galaxies)ResourcesResources are two different things, the planets' resources in which you control the imports and exports, it will affect the level of the planets depending on the trade route that you create in your empire. Funnel all resources into one planet and that planet becomes a big powerhouse.and the Empire resources, you can't stockpile money now unlike other 4x games but you are given a budget cycle(which is 3 minutes long, comparable to one turn in 4x TBS games, you would think it's short, but you'll find that 3 mins is already a long time once you play this game). The budget cycle works great imo because it limits your spending and realistically approaches your empire spending. For example in GalCiv, once you have stockpiled a lot of credits you can just binge-buy every ship to completion and have an huge army in a few turns. You also generate overtime resources like, FTL as fuel for your ships. Energy, to power artifacts and devices. Research, to buy new techs. and Influence, to make diplomacy moves.DiplomacyDiplomacy is great because it is very different and more complex than other 4x games. It's not your typical, 'offer system', where you offer things and hope the AI accepts while sometimes the AI offers hoping that you accept.It uses a 'card deck' system where cards can be acquired by the empires to advance their interests that costs influence points to activate, most cards you activate are presented to the Galactic Senate where other empires including you can impact(by activating more cards) if it will be accepted or not.  Some example of cards are 'Infiltrate', 'Protect System', 'Annex Planet', 'Host Senate Building'. It's like playing a trading card game. It needs more options though.Tech TreeThe tech tree is awesome, most of the upgrades are scalar in which your ship's stats themselves get more powerful, and you don't need to replace the parts of ships every so often. although there are a lot of unlockable ship parts as well, but It's so balanced that you won't always resort into using that part you just unlocked. There's lots of pros and cons to each and every ship part and it's well balanced.Different ways to travel in space are also here. Stargates like the Xseries/Galciv games, Hyperdrive like star wars, Slipstream like Halo, or Fling Beacons like Mass Relays in Mass Effect. You can even go sublight and not use FTL tech. Ships don't have constant speed as well, they accelerate. They will go faster the longer the trip.Unit SystemFor me it's the best feature in the game. You only need to manage fleets, not single ships that you make individually and manually group into fleets. There are two types of ships. Flagships and support ships. You only need to make flagships, depending on the design, flagships can support a max number of support ships, and you don't need to create the support ship. The flagships will automatically 'order' support ships in order to fill the max number. Allows you to have an epic number of units around without having the usual unit cluster♥♥♥♥ associated with it.Performance and bugsThe runs smooth on my rig even while playing huge maps and thousands of units that would otherwise run poorly if it were another game, it suffers some minor bugs though and the occasional crashing, but the game loads fast anyway that I didn't care if it crashed, I just clicked play on steam and I'm playing in no time, just be sure to save often and keep backups.8.5/10"
76561198040997352,Recommended,282590,13467746,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ian.oliver,"Only played it for 2-3 hours so far, but it has a good tutorial, lots to do, and is a huge improvement on SR1. Graphics look really nice and it potentially has huge replayability. Really good."
76561198004760437,Recommended,282590,20784566,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,=(FGR)=Sentinel,"You can create a stealth ship capable of destroying stars without decloaking. The star gets its revenge on the ship though.Edit: Alright, I'll be serious. Star Ruler 2 is a game that essentially lets you do anything you can imagine. Build a ship larger than a galaxy. Create artifical planets, build defensive weapons and thrusters on them, and use them to decimate fleets and cause general chaos. Construct Ringworlds around black holes, because appearantly the ring can spin fast enough to keep everything on its inner surface from being pulled in by the black hole's gravity. Build ships with the ability to destroy planets, stars, and even black holes and use them to defeat your enemies by simply wiping their planets, systems, and even galaxies from existance. The only limit to how big you can make your ships or how big the map can be is the number of zeros your computer is able to handle before exploding."
,Recommended,282590,20402069,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Kiki Kalani,"Now that someone actually helped me figure out the game, here is my review!I love it, it feels a lot like Space Empires V, a particularly awesome game that no longer runs on my PC despite my best efforts.You can fully customize ships, and not just adding on things to a pre-set design, you get to make the design itself.The Tech tree is expansive, though could always go with an even bigger one.You can have multiple galaxies in the same game.You can blow up galaxies, blackholes, stars, and planets.Many different types of planets.Pretty much a really good 4x game."
,Recommended,282590,20440698,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Geister,"Surprisingly well made, this game is  amazing, i ve spent 3 days playing non stop since i bought it. I recommend it to any fan of the 4X and space strategy games, it won´t dissapoint you."
76561198088284939,Recommended,282590,15469998,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Magron,"This is what we were all hoping for when the idea of Early Access was first floated.  Keeping in mind the limitations of a small (in this case 3 person)  dev group, which is usually going to show up in the graphics and limited development time, this is an excellent effort.There is some real creativity here.  They find new ways to structure the game that actually work and are fun to play.  New ideas and new mechanics are fresh and interesting.Of the 4 early access games I took a chance on, this is the only one that I go back to at all and enjoy.  These fellows did a quality, professional job and it shows.If you want a new take on 4x that's well done pick this up immediately.  If you're one of those people who will ask 'will I like it?' the answer is yes. get it."
76561198003730573,Recommended,282590,11493592,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ⱡoch,Star Ruler 2 is a 4x Space Sim.Original 4x Space Sim games like Masters of Orion and Ascendency have set the standards on how a 4x game should be.Ascendency has even gotten a Game App update.People who are fans of this type of game can find Star Ruler 2 less like the modern 4x Space Sim's that they expect after seeing Star Ruler 2's graphic interface. Even the method of colonizing planets can seem backwards.In truth however Star Ruler 2 (even still in Beta) has a play mechanic that is more suited to Multi-Player Online mechanics then the coveted original 4x Space Sims.Take it from a veteran Master of Orion player like myself. Balancing a game like Masters of Orion for online use has been tried many times but IMHO no one has gotten it to work out well. Part of the inventiveness of this Real Time 4x system is the use of influence points that are used in Diplomacy. Add the 'Pressure' mechanic along with auto colony ships and you have the closest thing to a Masters of Orion-Real Time mechanic. It feels like my 100+ hours of playing Maters of Orion but with better graphics.A note on the  Pressure mechanic:You can just think of it like seeing someone who has 3 tons of lemons and is screaming about it to you (the Boss.) Pressure amounts the computer deciding to make lemon aid without screaming to you about it or worse just letting them rot. A welcome and novel idea that balances out the Real Time while keeping to the origins of 4x.It's still in Beta but this is the 4x to watch
76561198008140147,Recommended,282590,19350147,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Darth Tempest,"I don't usually write reviews, in fact this is my first. That is just how good this game is. I'll keep this short and sweet since so many have given far greater depth in their reviews.I played SR1 and loved the concept, but it felt cubersome and quite frankly the micromanaging could be a pain. SR2 has the same depth but it is so much more smooth, even though there is still quite a bit of logistics the way it is done makes it a painless experience.Despite how intuitive the gameplay feels underneath the surface is a great degree of depth and complexity. Some might ♥♥♥♥♥ about the diplomacy system, but is fun and deep once you get used to it. Honestly it opens up far more interesting interactions than conventional 4x titles.In summary I would say everything in the game just works, every system has a purpose and meshes well into the overall gameplay. Have't had the pleasure of multiplayer yet but given how the systems work it would work well. Also the AI is quite decent, good expansion and overall a challenge for the uninitiated.This is the best 4x game I have played with a great mix between scale and depth. So please get this game because when such a good thing comes along the Devs deserve to be rewarded for it."
,Recommended,282590,15095348,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ndition,I have only played the multiplayer part of this grand strategy and it's a very good experience.
,Recommended,282590,15083735,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Knarf,"Great game, has improved steadily since early access, these guys deserve your money if you like 4X or RTS games"
76561198108368781,Recommended,282590,19715506,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Proto.Poppie,This game fulfilled my longtime childhood dream of defeating both the Go'uld and the Wraith on a galactic scale with giant beam ships.
76561197996468933,Not Recommended,282590,15123943,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ch_molik,"I dislike the new planet system and research system. Im unsure about the whole politics. I'm voting on things with other races that havent been found yet.SR1 had a much better planet system this one is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Gone are all the resorces you used to produce, like labour, goods, food, minerals, electronics and exotic goods. SR2 has nothing you produce other then labour/research. Each planet has only 1 resorce. So you could have a planet like earth rich in water, but it has food as its resorce. In order to level up a planet you need to have x resorces. You can make food and water from a building but can't export it. So gone are the days of having a farming rich planet exporting to a overpopulated planet.The research system to me seems to be a step backward. I liked the old system where you can research the same thing mulitple times and at sertan levels it unlocks stuff, with some items being only unlocked when 2~4 different technoilgies rearch level X, Y and Z. The new system is hex based like the older one but a large map, but you only research a hex once before unlocking the abridging technoliges. So you could research say computer 2 before computer 1 because how the hex map is made."
,Not Recommended,282590,13660489,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,NKato,"If you're a big fan of fleet combat and the like, don't buy Star Ruler 2.It seems to over-emphasize setting up your economic links between systems/planets in order to ""upgrade"" your home planet (or other chosen planet).By the time I got my home planet to Tier 4, it was connected to over 20 systems, and I hadn't even built my first combat fleet (I didn't set it to have an enemy during this playthrough to see how I could manage my empire).It over-emphasizes this element of the game, at the expense of the fleet combat. What was the point of the ship-designer if you're going to rub the ""logistics"" of your Empire into the player's face constantly?Here's the TL;DR pros/cons:ProsDiplomacy System is a fresh take on the concept in RTS games.Ship design system is robustCombat is nice to watchConsFeels like it emphasizes the economic side of things far too muchFeels a bit too clicky for a game that's supposed to be 4X, for me anyway.Like I said before, the economy system is a big hassle for me to work with, and it's not my thing at all. Let's say you wanna upgrade this planet to Level 2? You're gonna need to get several other level 1 planets supplied with the things they need, and then have them export their goods to your targeted system in order to get it to level 2.Now imagine this workload increasing almost exponentially with each level up to level 4. As a level 3 planet, you've already got a fistful of Level 1 and level 2 systems connected to it, but it's already asking for even MORE level 1 and level 2 systems before it can get upgraded to level 4. You're looking at over 15 direct connected planets to your level 4 planet, and that's not counting their subordinate feeder planets.After a couple of hours of trying to get a hang of this, my wrist is already hurting from all the clicking. NOT FUN.I bought and enjoyed the first Star Ruler because it took a more simplistic approach to the economy system, and gave me control over what kind of resource exports I wanted to produce. Star Ruler 2 completely takes that out of your hands, and instead demands that you set up a logistical network to feed your empire's needs. All of the planets are randomized in what they can produce, but you can't change what they produce at all.The result? Your empire is a lot, LOT more vulnerable to having its supply lines cut. While that's certainly nice, I'm a player that likes to be able to control the circumstances of his Empire, and that means consolidating key, valuable production facilities within pockets of my Empire that can be protected. Star Ruler 2 does not allow for this.This is a 4X game, and it puts a bigger emphasis on the economic side of things. While a nice change from the average space RTS, I feel that they could have done a better job with the design. The way it is now, it creates that perception that it involves a bit more management than it should require.It sucks that the Star Ruler series is almost practically the ONLY series with the ability for you to custom-design your ships' capabilities. Now, if it were Sins of a Solar Empire with your own ship-designer element to it, I would be loving it to pieces."
76561197990101320,Not Recommended,282590,11969716,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,S-P,"I've only played for around 40 minutes so far but right now I'm not really impressed, it's trying to be like Sins of a Solar Empire but doesn't quite pull it off. The research is odd and not very well implemented also resources seem odd to me also, you have to import/export to improve planets. I guess I was expecting something different, certaintly not the best 4x game out there. My opinion may change later as it is still in early access but right now I wouldn't reccomend it.Edit: Played for a bit longer and really don't like diplomacy, uses trade card system that is really confusing forcing me to completey ignore it in the end. So my oprion on the game has not change, I would seriously avoid it and get something better."
,Not Recommended,282590,15569149,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Exustio,"Well, this was a waste of money. This game isn't complex in any way, it's just really repetitive. I'd rather spend my time building a pyramid of empy coca-cola cans than building a pyramid with worlds.It doesn't even give the possibility to go for different strategies, just the same old pyramid structure.The graphics of the game is totally satisfying, I have nothing to complain about the soundtrack or sound effects. Even the story and the setting is somewhat nice. What I really have to complain about is just simply the question of complexity.In basicly all other 4x games you have the option to go for different strategies, like trade, influence, technology, warfare etc. Thus making it possible to opt for a somewhat slower territorial expansion while researching or getting you economy going.In this game you simply cannot achieve much research or economy without expanding, thus making the colonization of new planets manditory. This is because a planet cannot progress without having new planets to support it, which leads back to the pyramid concept. You need tier 1 planet to support tier 2 planets, tier 1 and 2 planets to support tier 3 planets, and so on."
76561197969095869,Recommended,282590,24651951,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gniwii,"This is a fun and quirky game of 4x space domination. It definatly has alot of new and innovative gameplay elements that are not in other 4x space games, without destroying the core of the 4x experience. Unique style of planet/resource management. Interesting style of custom ship building and combat. A strange card based system of galactic diplomacy that is almost like another whole game within the game. This is a definate buy if you are looking for a 4x space game that goes in a different direction then so many others but still lets you blast your enemies to bits and conquer the universe."
76561198021087058,Not Recommended,282590,11868271,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Tall Tex,If you liked Star Ruler you will hate Star Ruler 2
76561198017796238,Not Recommended,282590,11460203,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Soros001,This game is nothing like the original and it sucks. They totally killed the thing. It's like playing sup com 2 after sup com 1.
76561198009062048,Recommended,282590,16628770,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lenni,"Not just a ""complex"" game by design - everything about the game mechanics simply makes sense and once you get the hang of it, the resource grabbing, planet metropolis-making, diplomatic scheming, energy hoarding and the ship design let you make profound decisions on an epic scale. It might be overwhelming at first, but the tutorial covers the most important stuff and the reward is huge, as the possibilities for building your empire and your fleet are extremely versatile, even for a 4X game.I'm an old-school MOO2 fan and this is the first game since then, that really makes me want to try out all the different races and crush those pesky AI rivals, which by the way seem like pretty decent opponents (for my difficulty anyway, it's on hard!).The fact that it's real time doesn't seem to bother me as much as I thought it would, sadly I am not very good at games like Star Craft or Company of Heroes. This however is more of a relaxed game like Sins of a Solar Empire, but with much more interesting opportunities opening up at every given moment. I thought it was strange that there isn't really a specific victory condition, although you can set a timer to determine the civilization with the highest overall score.Speaking of which - the level of customization and game options is amazing! We can create multiple galaxies in different shapes and forms and there are percentage sliders for almost anything of importance.Yes it takes a little bit of dedication to get into, the UI isn't up to scratch, player feedback is bare bones and there seem to be lag issues in Multiplayer over internet connections that aren't very fast (LAN seems to work fine though). Yet I can only hope this gets a lot more attention than it currently does with Star Drive and the new Gal Civ taking the spotlight.If you like MOO or GalCiv, you will probably enjoy this!"
76561197963852539,Recommended,282590,21658046,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SizzleFizzle,"A fresh take on 4x, a lot of new ideas. This has a new take on diplomacy, ship customization and reminds me of legends of galactic heroes (the show) in terms of scope."
76561197969444630,Recommended,282590,16283297,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Heavycap,"Excelent RTS that can stand with the rest of them ie. Sins of a Solar Empire/Armada 3 and Supreme Commander FA.Love the way economy works, starving out planets to fuel your home world. The deplomacy in this game is the best I have played!, Sins can learn from this.Multiplayer both lan and online has 0 lag with massive fleets playing the empire game, what more do you want.I have been playing RTS games on pc for the last 15 years, if u love them and Star Ruler 2 is not in your library buy it now!"
76561197968596525,Recommended,282590,25832831,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Boardroom Hero,"This is, simply put, one of the best space 4x games available. All the arbitrary constraints you have to deal with in other games are gone. Difficult to recommend enough."
76561198076905510,Recommended,282590,25603551,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Darkest Response,"I am a big fan of the 4x genre and Star Ruler 2 delivers a rich, deep, and unique take on this front.  Having never played the original, I don't have any hangups that others (mostly early access reviewers) have pointed out, instead I found almost every aspect very enjoyable.  Diplomacy is interesting, the economy system is sensible but challenging.  Starship design is intuitive and allows for amazing combinations.  Star System exploration and ""secret"" discoveries rounds out an already full game.  If you have any loyalty to the 4x style games, do yourself a big favor and pick this up (also get the expansion WELL worth the money).Quite simply if you like 4x, then you will like Star Ruler 2, pick it up already... We need these guys to make a 3rd installment!"
76561197980020723,Recommended,282590,16195300,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,lekane,"Few games keep me entertained more than a handful of hours, not only do i not have the time but most games are bad anyway, so 44h is a good score. A creative take on 4x that will keep your brain busy."
76561198028142115,Recommended,282590,25379444,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ragga Moofin,"A must have for any 4x real-time space strategy fans.I haven't had this much fun since Space Empires. The ship design and diplomacy/voting mechanics are the best I have seen, can be a tad confusing but very rewarding when you grasp the mechanics.The economy can be perplex especially as your empire grows but is very innovative. The interactive planet menu gives you a greater understanding of what resources you have allowing you to juggle imports/exports on the fly.The races are all unique and have different attributes/traits and ftl systems giving you vast options in terms of strategy.Overall a very solid game which I will enjoy for many more hours to come, the only downside is that there aren't many people playing multiplayer, have yet to have a multiplayer match so something to look forward to. Drop me a message if anyone is interested in a match-up."
76561197971812881,Recommended,282590,25594278,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Merkaba954,This is one of my more favored 4X games to me. The planet leveling is awesome but can be a little annoying becuase its hard to get more than like 2 or 3 planets to level 4 or above because of the shear amount of resources needed to do this. That is not a bad thing in and of itself but can be annoying when you need a water resource and you have 12 and those 12 feed the 3 level 3 planets and the 5 level 2 planets. its a good game though and i very much enjoy it. I am not a pro 4Xer but this is one of my favorites. Distant worlds is a great game too but it is getting very dated with the graphics. Also Sins of a solar empire is awesome but it is also very dated.
76561198034796217,Recommended,282590,16224589,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Old Man,The developer has and is working very hard on this outstanding game to make it even better.  I would for sure recommend Star Ruler 2. The more I play the more I like it.
76561198028341560,Recommended,282590,25718509,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Slav,Nice 4x game that was not afraid to try something different from MoO mechanics. Ringworlds for everyone!
76561197970533256,Recommended,282590,16575159,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,0.defekt,"I've only put in 20 hours so far and have yet to win against the AI but I can say I am thoroughly enjoying the game. The planet management is (at least to me) fresh and I like the different approach which removes the need for micromanagement (in most cases). Getting your planets set up and producing labour, money, energy, etc is challenging but enjoyable. I like this aspect of the game the most closely followed by the ship designer with it's hex tiles and novel way of handling ship damage (knowing how damage is applied is key to designing good ships). Graphics are great, fleet battles look fantastic. Game is smooth, polished, and I haven't encountered any bugs as such (although I haven't logged that many hours and obviously don't have a good handle on the finer nuances given I haven't beaten the AI yet!)."
76561198045981837,Recommended,282590,12467486,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Natt,"I havent played the game for very long, but the short few hours i have played it i have been very impressed by the game's mechanics and gameplay. As i said i am new to the game but have my fair share of hours on Sins: Rebelion, but these are two completely different games. For the most part of games i have played i have noticed thaat the game is well optomised and very stable, but it still has a bit to go. When i am customizing AI races i cannot change their mode of FTL, i dont know if anyone else has this problem or if its just not been done yet, other than that i have no real problems with the game.Edit------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I have a suggestion for the ship designing, when placing the hexes the ship outline will mould around the heses and once you have finished you can pull it our and overall shape it around the edges, i find this would make the game a bit more customizable and unique, i however do understand this may be very difficult and hard to do, however if you manage to do it and add it into the game it could create a huge new feature."
76561197998629714,Not Recommended,282590,25613888,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,tron,"It has a neat pressure mechanic, and a simplified influence game using cards, but I find I'm lost and frustrated as the enemy AI gangs up on me, laughing as they curbstomp me into the ground.Needs way more tuning/polishing to help the player understand what to do and how.Please teach the flagship pilots basic Newtonian physics. Mine scream past their target at full speed almost every time, losing time and battles *facepalm*AI is sadistic and schizophrenic as it offers peace treaties then breaks it 2 seconds later several times. ""I'll stop pummeling you, no I won't, yes I will, no I won't."""
,Recommended,282590,11335634,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Simulation01,"Awesome game with even more awesome potential.  The game is in early release beta but, it's pretty nice already.  The diplomatic system is simply stunning and I can see this being so very awesome in the multiplayers they've built into it.  I love the resource system as well...it gives you a reason to defend your space beyond the fact that it's yours.  You feel like you have a stake in whether or not you loose a planet or a system.  In short I recommend it with the caveat that it's not yet complete.  Awesome game with awesome potential!"
,Recommended,282590,11339448,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,gungodmay,"It's buggy but playable & feels a lot better than Star Ruler.Great job guys, can't wait to see the final product!"
,Recommended,282590,15479752,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,razgon,"Deep scifi 4x game that takes on some of the biggest construction projects imagined by man, Megaconstructs - Give me more please!"
76561198038397439,Recommended,282590,11313539,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,mtjohnson.mark,"Awesome! Great gaming experience. You can tell it was made by gamers, for gamers. Very slick interface. Will be excited when some better tutorials and manuals will be up!"
76561198069350614,Recommended,282590,14977919,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Viper116,This is the best 4x RTS game on the market by far EPIC SPACE BATTLES PEW PEW PEW
76561198120412009,Recommended,282590,15106687,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,FinnRidiculous1,"For the time I've play Star Ruler 2 I've been very impressed with the game. I've really enjoyed being able to create my own ships, name then and make them as insanly large and dagerous as possible. The diplosmacy is at a leve that isn't great nor bad, it serves its purpose and does that well, but nothing fancy. The combat is always fun, although it has little to do with you actually managing the fight it's still really funny hyperspacing a giant fleet into a star system and watching them kill everything! Haha! I recommend this game if your looking for some pretty easy to understand gameplay and manegment and also some fun game play and exciting cinematic combat."
,Recommended,282590,15820918,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Frunobulax,"I'm pretty neutral about this game.  It's very different from most other space-based 4x games.  That doesn't make it bad, but many things are unfamiliar.  There are no colony ships, for example - colonization is handled differently.  It's not turn-based, it's realtime, though relatively slow by default.  You do not have a ""bank balance"" where you save up cash, it's kind of a time-based budgeting system that I did not completely understand.  Combat is fairly hands-off.  Ship design is a little wonky but I could see it having potential.  The tech tree is nice, and the diplomacy is excel;lent - this is the best part of the game.  Other 4x games should use the same system.So I don't ding it for being different, but even so, I only endorse it for 4x veterans who want to try something a little different.  Me personally, the changes didn't appeal to me that much - except diplomacy - so I'm going to play one of the others.  But it's an...interesting effort and I bet there are people who will love it."
76561198040542676,Recommended,282590,12251835,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,S1L3NTJ,"This is Sins Of A Solar Empire on crack! This is the best 4x space strategy I have ever played. It is only limited by what your computer can handle. Unlike SOASE your fleet size is unlimited, along with galaxy size/number. You can also create war machines the size of the galaxy, although that would probably take a year to build in real time, you can do it! There have been major improvements since Star Ruler 1 that make this game easier to play. One thing I hated about the first one is the AI players would always out expand me and therefor wipe me out after about 4 hours of playing. This one encourages rapid expansions and makes it fun and not just something you have to do to keep up with the AI. It also gives you a home base to build the best stuff instead of having many home bases to protect your systems. From what I have seen so far you really only need one or two massive armies to protect yourself with the FTL system. Instead of spending 20 minutes watching your ships snail their way through space you can just have them warp and be there in a few seconds.It is very hard to learn at first but becomes easy after you understand the basics. The tutorial is not very instructive when it comes to resources and planet leveling and I had to watch a youtube video to understand it. I honestly do not know why this game is not as popular as some of the other 4x games out there. I think this game would rival Civilization in terms of enjoyment."
,Recommended,282590,29362171,Posted: 19 January,all,gb,"Well balanced, challenging, well written game.I bought it a while ago, and recently while I catched some cold decided to give it other chance. Discovered excellent tutorial on network and suddendly game made sense for me. You really feel like controlly large complex thing without much micromanagement. Every your action matters, AI doesn't seem cheating just smart. Graphics is not repetivive animations which you want just to turn off, it is nice good. Lots of unique concepts which not just 'sound good' but actually work good. Techology matters in the way that it is not like 'if I have that thing I'll crush anyone' but you really want to apply that new thing to your design, so you fleet will behave differently and get advantage. You need to balance between available resources and choose how to use even single resource. Exploration matters - you may fight remnants for expierence and one time resources or scout derbis for significant advantages.Enjoying it and recommending."
76561198006610483,Recommended,282590,12212541,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ogre,"Oh the mixed bag which is SR2. (as of now since it is a beta). Star Ruler the original is still installed on my system and still gets some play time. I love that game, it is awesome. All this said, I do recommend Star Ruler 2, however, I hope they make a few more changes.Pros:Diplomacy, the “buy a card, play a card” system is actually rather interestingFTL, there are several FTL technologies, each race dependant.Graphics, ships and weapons fire looks amazing.Territory and FoW, both systems are done quite well.Mixed:Budget system, everything is built using “money”. It is a little simple for my personal tastes.Planet management, (I don’t hate it… completely) some planets have food, some have water and some have a resource. For a planet to grow at all, it has to have food AND water. You have a few options to do this, build a farm or hydro collector, which normally costs more to maintain than the planet makes in income, or trade it from one planet to the next. Here is the clincher, if you trade off a resource, that planet can no longer use it. The way it is tiered, once you have a level 3 or 4 planet, you have about 10 level 0s trading their resources off to support it. This does keep the computer from colonizing everything, but it still feels strange to me.Power, Energy, FTL and Research, the way you stockpile and earn these is a pain. Power is used to buy and play diplomacy cards. Energy is used to activate artifacts. FTL is your empire’s pool of FTL crystals, any ship using FTL will deplete from this pool. Research is … for research. There are bonus ways to get points in these categories but the basic way is from left over “budget” allocation.Cons:Ship control, capital ships … that’s all you can control … Well, capital ships and scouts, but that is seriously it. You build a capital ship, tell it what to do, and it is followed around by “support” ships. A few of my largest battles to date were between a handful of ships and their supports. To me, this system is somewhat lack luster.Ship design, do you like rail guns, lasers and missiles? I sure hope so, because that’s pretty much all the weapons there are. There are only about a dozen modules total and you only have to research a few of them."
76561198040054799,Recommended,282590,18333016,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ronaldkirkuk,"Amazing game, I don't know how I was able to go for so long without trying it our or playing it. You basically create and rule an empire that expands across the stars. The plantes are great, the scaling is similar to what we seen in Sins of a Solar Empire which I have yet to see be matched. The details and the gameplay will have you playing and strategizing for countless hours."
,Recommended,282590,19878224,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,WorkingClassHero,"It's gonna take a bit to really sink my teeth in, my current game I've not even made contact with another empire yet. First impressions though: I REALLY like the navigation/FTL system. There are no rigid ""lanes"" like in Sins, at least not for Terrans. The Galaxy is continuous and each race traverses it in their own unique way. I've only tried Terrakin so far, who use hyperdrive, but other races use gates. There may be more forms I haven't seen.Graphics are good enough, nothing to write home about. The ship battles are spectacles, though, compared to Sins. I also really really like the fleet system- capital ships form the backbone of fleets and automatically issue orders to their escort frigates and whatnot. You can have 60-120 small ships in formation and only worry about giving orders to the flagship unless you want to micro. They can also be set to auto-replenish with new recruits.I also like the colonization system, you pick the planet and your homeworld automatically sends convoys of colony ships instead of one unit like most games use. I'm barely scratched the surface of planet development and economics but from what I can tell it's pretty in depth.I'll probably have to post a more thorough review tomorrow when I have a better handle on the gameplay but my first impression is definitely very positive. Put simply it seems like it's a thinking person's Sins of a Solar Empire- besides having deeper 4X features basic things are also improved. For instance, you can actually do things while paused and the galaxy is more scientifically accurate and interesting to explore.I can't wait to play more, it feels fresh and promising and I predict sinking a good bit of time into it."
,Recommended,282590,20127949,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Phezzan,"Brilliant interface.Detailed ship design (locational damage, Variable sized systems, adjacency...)Interesting Technologies (not just laser +1, armor +2...)I've played this game for just over an hour, (Steam really needs to extend their 2 hour limit) but it looks good."
76561197964589302,Recommended,282590,11403243,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,0xbaadf00d,"This is based on a single playthrough with 2 enemies and the standard galaxy.I'm a fan of the 4X genre, I really liked MOO2, MOM, Pax imperia 2, GalCiv, Space empires 2 - 5, SOTS, Eclipse and a few others.This game is named somewhat badly, it's not that similar to the first game. I'd say you might like the first one even if you don't like this, or that you might not like this one if you liked the first. Although this game is not complete, I think they won't change the idea of the game that much, regardless of how much people cry about it.I'd say this game is more oriented towards the multiplayer experience than the first one.Being different doesn't make it bad though and although seemingly simplistic, it doesn't lack in depth in most aspects of the game. In combat micro management is almost non-existent though, But there is lots of other stuff to do.Planetary management seems simple, link planets to make resources to turn your homeworld to level 4 and get the wonder thing. But the game does become quite complex when you start to think about what each resource does and how to best use it. Stacking every kind of resource on a single planet quickly fills the planet and you can't use all of the Pressure to you advantage. The game at it's current state doesn't try to make the resources too different, but I could see how the devs might start messing around with them to make them more varied. Maybe more can be added via modding at some later date? Also note that it seems to be possible to have multiple resources on a single planet. You really have to know how the game works in order to understand what this means, but don't worry if you don't.Diplomacy is quite unique in this game, best described as a card game. Already there are quite lots of different cards you can play in the diplomacy game, but as same with the resources, I think the devs have made a choice to only add the ones that are quite balanced. More might come later, and maybe even modded ones? Inter - racial diplomacy seemed a bit lacking, peace or war seemed to be the only choices? Maybe I somehow missed it?Ship design has been simplified in this game, I think it makes for a better multiplayer experience, since designing ships is a bit faster now. I rarely made mining ships in the first game because designing a balanced ship required quite a lot of tweaking I would never have had the time to make them in a multiplayer match. And note that when you research upgrades to components, you need to design it again to get the optimal design, in the first game. In this one the ship components don't change in the various resource consumption ways, such as power and command. This makes it so that the ship designs stay optimal. I play kerbal space program, but in a game like this, I actually prefer simplistic ship design mechanisms. The game might need a few more components, but I don't see the point in having weapons (or other components) that are just better in every way to others.Combat is the one area I find a bit lacking, The visual effects currently clutter everything and the only thing you can make out is two blobs diminishing in size. There isn't any combat micromanagement to do either. Two blobs go in, one leaves. But this is not that big of an issue since the game provides other stuff for you to do. If you like space combat micromanagement games, you should really check out ""Nexus: The Jupiter Incident"".Research is quite boring right now, but I hope it's due to the fact that the game is still in development, although I quite like the Insight mechanism.Exploration of the map is quite interesting since you are looking for artifacts and resources. For quite a while 4x games haven't really made a big deal about the exploration.So all in all, this isn't a space 4x simulation game, but I don't think that it's bad because of it. I'm really waiting for them to finish it an try the multiplayer.I bought it to support the development and because I had the loose money to do so. Don't buy it to play it, yet."
,Recommended,282590,11547217,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,SalsaDoom,"Thought I would update this since the game is 1.0+ now.All the things I liked about the first one, with pretty much all my issues with it fixed. SR2 easily my favorite space 4x. If you've played other 4x space games, here are the main draws:* Properly 3d space, that is, things can be above or below* Actually interesting and useful diplomacy!* Civilian ships! You can actually do real commerce raiding, and you blockade by actually attacking shipping* Very good ship design, but ships can be any size you think you can build. Placement location matters! Where you place armor and so on is important to combat.* Very unique and interesting FTL that can vary between empires and act quite differently* Battles are interesting, and not too fast* Multiplayer!* Native Linux support!* Reasonable pricetag!The tech tree is the weakest part of the game, but compared to the standard 4x these days its not ""weak"". There are some fantastically cool things deep in that tech tree but I haven't got them yet. :(This game plays a lot differently than others, you spend a lot of time moving resources, colonizing worlds because you need the resources of that world rather than ""just places to put things"" like other 4x games. By that I mean worlds have different ""exportable resouces"" that you can ship to other worlds, that they'll need to become bigger and better.Now, this game is really good -- but its complex to play. Expect to spend your first few games just trying to figure out how it all works before you really get a handle on it. The AI is challenging.Bottom line, this is the 4x to get, the rest are fluff compared to this one.PS. Check out the growing modding community! Badass."
76561197970860897,Recommended,282590,11903676,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Custer701,"This just gets better all the time...the first Star Ruler was the same way and is still alot of fun to play,  But the new Diplomacy factor adds alot to the whole picture.  Well worth the money!  Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,282590,11938625,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,MrSparti,"After playing this game for more than few hours, I can tell you  that it really is pretty fun. Watching your borders grow into the galaxy as you gain more and more systems for your empire, and your cash just sky rockets in the mean time. Then building fleets that make a fleet of star destroyers looks like pebbles, while at the same time, you deal with an other empire in a politcal discussion over the anexation of a planet or system.  If you like what you're hearing, then get this game. It's great!"
76561198027880363,Recommended,282590,16551201,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BayneRav,"Real time with a twist of Hyper space jumps.... not just limited to wormholes, or gates, yet have options to HP jump whereever how fuel to send the fleed.Planet management is a unique take on providing requirements to actually Improve the Infrastructure to provide Funds, research, etc.Income is diverse to be based on Tick concept of allowances for what budget allows for that tick (might be altereed in final release, yet prevents hoarding of Funds to mass-build fleets(considering maintenance fees are enforced)Perfer to wait til out of Alpha to give next review, yet so far its shaping up to be a very diverse 4xrts"
76561198040363249,Recommended,282590,18168987,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kez,"tl;dr If you like strategy games you will love this.I'm hooked ! Lots of stuff I have to learn and that's majorly fun for me. Played a lot of strategy games but this is pretty weid , in a very good way !"
76561198004726008,Recommended,282590,18249973,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,doughema,great game good AI and good UI
,Recommended,282590,18271743,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,PB&J,"This game deserves more attention. I love the way diplomacy is handled, at least concerning the Galatic Senate. Would like to see it expanded and improved, but that implicates that it's not already miles better than most other 4x games concerning politics between empires."
,Recommended,282590,19279279,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Bonescripter,Very fun and underated game. If you like a Sci fi RTS then heres your game. If not then this is not the game for you.
76561198157009385,Recommended,282590,19432711,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,commanderjalc,"LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! MAY I PRESENT TO YOU, THE CHILD OF THE MASSIVE SPACE RTS ""SINS OF A SOLAR EMPIRE SERIES"", STAR RULER 2!This is like a sandbox version of SoaSE, where you design the ships, your build your simple little empire, and then you beat down whoever is in your way with your massive guns and fleets.Unlike SoaSE, where you FTL out of a system, this, you FTL anytime, as long as you pay up. If FTL isn't good enough, why not jump? Build your ships for instant travel to and fro.Bring your favorite ships and stations into play, The Death Star, Vindicator-class destroyers, The Lucifer, The Yamato, Enterprise. Customize them to your liking!Hate the battlefront? No worries! Use Politics to your advantage by kicking out people from a system/planet, Claiming lost artifacts, supporting fundraisers, spying on the enemies, open a forum to put yourself into a better light, gain protection on a system.Don't have enough space for the Research buildings? Just have a station that you can build to be an observatory to get you where you need to be! Don't worry about the funds, they come in second to what your scientist cook up.Your system is under attack? Tell your planet it is, and it'll churn out ships that can halt advances before they even know it.This is your empire and your the Star Ruler!"
76561198041933458,Recommended,282590,19652567,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,keyxmakerx,"Overall a great game. The last 4x game i played was sins of solar empire, but since I am not on Linux I am limited to the amount of games I have at my disposal. But this game does fill a gap I had, and does it extremely well. That said, I am sad that this game seems to have become quite the ghost town the past few months.I did have to install a few mods to make it all the better, and always looking for room of improvement. I would love to see this game get a small expansion pack in the near future :)"
76561198017456805,Recommended,282590,20121696,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,David_R,"I've played quite a few 4x strategy games and this is by far the best one for a pretty simple reason, it get's the mechanics and scale perfect rather than focusing on the visual spectacle which is where so many other games of it's sort fall flat. It has an interesting diplomacy system that, unlike most strategy games, has a major impact on gameplay.The empire management takes a bit of getting used too but once you are used to it it becomes a fun logistical puzzle and because of the way the worlds are dependant on eachother losing any one world even the smallest and most insignificant has a huge impact on your empire that forces you to react quickly to any threat or loss.The ship customization if genius and fun, you will come up with countless clever designs to meet different needs you come across as you progress. This leads to a constantly evolving rock, paper, scisscors game when playing against other people as you are constantly unlocking new tech and adapting your designs to deal with your enemies own adaptations.The final positive I will talk about, and I mentioned it at the start, the scale of this game is incredible in my most recent game upon writing this review I had a max size Titan that had well over 3000 support ships in a single fleet bare in mind I had another three at about 1/8th the size that had almost a thousand each and another two titans of varying sizes with between 1000 and 2000. All this and it had very little impact on the games performance, my system is only a mid range gaming PC and it ran surpisingly well, the battles are absurd and what it lacks in graphical fidelity the scale more than makes up for.There game isn't perfect however, I can always think of more additions and a greater variation between races, the addition of ground combat and a proper boarding/ship capturing system would be very welcome, and just a general expansion to the tech tree a greater range of technologies and a greater impact on your race. It could also do with increasing the impact on your empire rather than just unlocking new structures and have these technologies need to spread throughout your empire before they take effect.Lastly and this is a very minor negative but might be something scaring off a lot of people, the graphics for this game aren't great I've mentioned this before and I've also mentioned the reason for it in passing. The scale of this game is incredible and I can honestly say I'm glad the graphics are where they chose to limit themselves, if they were any better you couldn't have as many different stars and worlds and ships flying around them as you do now and that freedom is really what set's this game apart from other 4x strategy games."
76561197985699616,Recommended,282590,20314889,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DarkFalcon,"tl;dr 8/10I gave the original Star Ruler a try many years ago, and while I found the complexity intruiging, it just didn't grab me.SR2 is a vast improvement to me. Combining the 4x-style grand empire building of greats like the Galactic Civilizations and Space Empires franchises with the deep tactical fleet combat and real-time of Sins of a Solar Empire, at a very affordable cost.Diplomacy is like a Magic: The Gathering card minigame, using your Influence resource to purchase and use cards of various abilities and strengths against rival empires to vy for special bonuses. Perform too many diplomacy actions that rival empires don't like, such as annexing their planets or systems, and they'll declare war. Very refreshing take, I like it.The really big negative I've seen early, that I found was echoed by many, is the AI. Of the 7 available factions to choose from the AI is a master at one(The Oko), and will dominate with it everytime. Whereas with another faction (The Mono) the AI has no idea how to use it, and it will basically surrender to the first empire that sneezes at it. Best bet is to play without those 2 factions.I haven't done the multiplayer yet, but I'm told it is rather brutal. Looking forward to it.Overall 8/10, really great job from such a small developer. Though their studio is closing down, the devteam has promised to finish deploying an expansion that should add and fix a lot of things."
76561198019903369,Recommended,282590,26476879,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Xelanthol,"An amazing game. Blends real time strategy with 4x gameplay, as well as an innovative card based diplomacy system that I rather love."
76561198037077474,Recommended,282590,14957258,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Lord_Treedom,"they did what a sequal is supposed to do fix whatever needed fixing from the old game and added lots of cool new features that give it an interesting aspect. you can play what suits you, play galatic domination and conquer everything. become a pacifist diplomatic powerhouse that can stop wars with but a word its all up to how you play and what you like."
76561198035742939,Recommended,282590,14132406,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Serx,"I will star off by saying that star ruler 2 is an excellent game. If you like sci-fi empire building games this is one you will enjoy. So of this review will be things that I think the game needs and other complaints that is because the game is early access. First with the things I liked.The galactic senate is an excellent addition to the game. It adds the ability to have tons of different options and effect. A creative change from just the simple allience and war options.I like the fleet setup, which works around a flag ship that does not force me to command each unit individually. Creating your own ships has kind of lost some charm for me now that it is becomming more common, but I still welcome the feature.The colonial developement system is cleaver. In a way it reminds me of the anno games but a bit simplified. In order to level up a planet you need to import specific resources. Depending on the variety of resources depends on what the consumers produce. But because a resource cannot be used on the same planet that exports it you will develope major centers. This helps differentiate one territory from another, something many games lack.Now for the things I need to see changed:I need a way to tell which empire is which. The empires are identified on the map with colors and that is it. In a game with more than just 3 or 4 players this becomes very confusing very fast. There are not enough colors or portraits to identify all the players. I need names to display on the planets when I hold over them and and maybe large names over the empires when I zoom out.I have never seen the AI accept a trade agreement or allience or anything. The game lets you give treaties fancy names, but gives you next to no options with them. The do have a vassal status, which I see more and more. But like games such as space empires V or europa universalis I want some neat terms. Creating neutral zone, creating new states and trade tarriffs, and long term payments.  While I do not see it happening I always like it when games differentiate between occupations and integrations. I just am happy in a game where there are other resolution to war other than the endless conflict untill one empire completely conquors the other.In the senate I'd like to see more options that could be tacked onto a vote. You have the rider, but I like to see some larger item that could be tacted on like the annex planet. It should be exspensive but interesting. I'd also like to see the option to force a player to release a system to be a new player. The new player of course would be their vassal. I also like an option to push for a vassal to become independent.I would like to establish more uniqueness between the various player. This could be in the form of more race trait or in the form of different technological paths. The players just do not feel different enough to me.I know this game is early access, so I should comment on bugs. Occasion I have more influence than my maximum, but I've encountered almost no bugginess. Although the AI may do all kind of weirdness I do not know about."
76561198021480635,Not Recommended,282590,15975277,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,StoicRobot5403,UGH another 4X failure I guess I need to harden that soft spot I have for the space 4X genre.  Funny started by Masters of Orion something like two decades ago.  The only thing that has come close is space empires...This game has no input on space combat and you basically scavenge the universe all to put planets to use to raise one in level... it is very curious choice... the original star ruler allowed you to keep researching an area to improve it's level that is now gone for some silly reason...
,Not Recommended,282590,17112281,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Mysterious Stranger,Why does this not work!This is patheticWhen ever i try to access the game it says there is a problem and the screen goes white and it closesIs there somthing i need to edit on my computer like on Starwars battlefront 2?There is nothing wrong with my computer it can handel alot more than this game could ever offerPleas message me a solutionBecause i didnt pay 20 pound for nothingOut of my birthday money....Fix it or i want a refund!
76561198033087086,Not Recommended,282590,22600803,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sly,"The game was on sale for only $15 so it's worth the price.  It's fun for a bit but it's very formulaic.  Ever empire is pretty much the same and the game goal is expand as quickly as possible, biggest empire wins.  The planets are managed in a cool way but after a certain small size, the system breaks down and just becomes annoying.  Not a grand 4x strategy game.  But if you're lookingn for something to play for a few nights, this will do the trick.  You'll quickly figure out the sequence you need to do to win.  No real strategy in it, more hack and slash.  Oh and no instructions what so ever."
76561197994601982,Not Recommended,282590,19533437,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,tyrell,"After first Star Ruler, the second one devolved into confusing mess of UI (linking resources). And importing water from another star system, really? (reference to the tutorial here). The water is almost everywhere in the universe, hydrogen is the most abundant element and oxygen has a third place."
76561197971115631,Not Recommended,282590,22529723,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Rabid Pikachu,"I tried to give this game an honest shot and it failed.  It tries hard to be a nuanced empire-building game like Master of Orion, but at the end of the day it just wasn't fun.  The immersion is terrible and all I felt like I was doing was shuffling resources around and watching numbers grow.  Maybe things get better as the game progresses, but I simply wasn't engrossed enough to invest any serious hours into the game and find out.  If I don't feel like significant things are happening then I'm just not invested in the decisions I make or what outcomes will follow."
76561198003580664,Recommended,282590,19500718,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SeriousJope,Really great space game. Takes some time to get how the economy works though.
,Recommended,282590,20281942,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cathanos,Spent the whole game making mobile death stars. 9/11 would first order again.
76561198053971233,Not Recommended,282590,11380361,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Gataban,"My first mistake was to think that Star Ruler 2 would be like Star Ruler - i mean the first part only with improvements like better engine, more factions and so on.My second mistake was to buy the game because i do mistake number 1. ^^So get started - what was this for a planetary management - are we all kids and wanting to play puzzle.To get a planet from level 0 to level 1 you must first colonize two other level 0 planets (each planet have only 1 ressource like food, water or some kind of lvl 1 or 2 or ... ressource) and exports these food and water to your level 0 world.This worlds are from now on junk. Now after havin one world on level 1- you want to go to level 2?no problem get export fron one level 0 food world and a world with a level 1 ressource.a level 1 ressource planet you only get on a world with a level 1 ressource and this comes along to export before another 2 worlds with food and water.All planets will go mostly junk after exporting.thats nothing to do with 4x gaming - thats puzzle and connecting and after a while you get one or two worlds where you can produce.next point - ships and fleetsthat management is really for kids - you build a capital ship and that gets a big circle around and now you can build and buy supportships around - and after your supportlimit is full you let attack your circle the circle of other players and hope you win or not - no strategy nothing to do or moveship designer - better play stardrive or star ruler part onediplomacy - thats something new but all of what you do depends on the cards you have - and with the wrong cards it can happen you lose systems without a chance to do what ever you can dosry that i spent money in this game and for all other the hintdont buy it - look at youtube or similar sites for infos and if that sort of ""strategy"" you will have in 4x game - than go and make the deal.to all other  - there are many other 4x games for sale that are better and having more to do with 4xthat only my opinionps: most time i play without steam because of a bug that the game started not with steam"
76561198033287437,Not Recommended,282590,25154110,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shailo,"Star Rules 2: strangulated bureaucracy in space.Many key aspects of the game are arbitrarily and nonsensically regulated. An important example is an absurd planetary specialization with one fixed resource per planet that is either consumed in its entirety or totally exported. Even the necessities of life have to be brought in from light-years away and are subject to interruption by marauders and other ne'er do wells. Specialization is fine, but it shouldn't be fixed. It should be chosen through the planetary development, and there should be more than one. And most emphatically, it shouldn't preclude providing the necessities of existence but should come on top as the social development evolves. Then the system would make sense and allow more complex interactions where products can be manufactured from components. More complex products would need a more complex infrastructure and thus provide a meaningful notion of advancement. Here the linkages are arbitrary from pre-defined producers, and so it remains a frustrating vestigial system that one has to dance oneself into knots to work within.A whole bureaucratic layer of 'diplomatic' nonsense exists that is openly a mechanism for parochial advancement. There is no collective purpose; no concept of engendering good will and social relations. There are no treaties or operations of mutual benefit. The only tool available within it is manipulation though a system of cards bought through 'diplomatic points'. Yet significant benefits can accrue from its edicts. But then where do the funds come from to support its largess? And who would support such a body anyway? The answer is that *nobody* supports it financially and so it is really just a lottery run by the Cosmic Overlords that one has to spend significant time on lest one's adversaries scoop up every prize. The game would be much better off without it because it is, at bottom, an interrupt and a distraction from doing the important business of building one's empire in a methodical manner.Another issue is that there is no concept of saving money. Like almost every modern government, the governments in Star Ruler 2 continually run deficits and are constrained by immediate finance. At least they can only borrow from next year's income so they can't bankrupt the nation by overpaying for immediate needs, but it seriously fosters a spend-now mentality lest the resources of one's budget are lost. Further, large purchases, like major fleets, can easily bog production down across the empire since the expense has to be taken out of cash-flow rather than being saved up for over time. A feature that is, again, a bizarre and arbitrary constraint that makes no sense at all.Nevertheless, there are some good aspects of the game. The ship design facility , for example, is very flexible and can support pretty much unlimited designs. You need sufficient command and power to operate the thing, but what is in it and where they are placed is completely up to the player. One twist is that you build fleets of ships and command the Flag ship. Each Flag ship has a certain command ability and subordinate ships serve under it, and formidable fleets can be built up in that manner. The combat is in real-time but with multiple fleets, each of 100 or more ships, individual control is pretty much out of the question anyway.Research allows you to improve various production facilities as well as improve the combat and defensive systems of ships. You can also research new abilities, like shielding, cloaking and new armor types under a rather complex branching system. As usual, research points are generated by research facilities built on planets, but all buildings have maintenance costs as well as production costs and that will inhibit research until the economy can support it.In sum, the game tries very hard to be innovative, but unfortunately, a lot of its innovation adds constraints that are not very well thought out in terms of sensibleness and their impact on gameplay. As such they tends to strangle the gameplay rather than enhance it, and they do so in ways that are nonsensical.A lot of people like this game, but in my opinion it is because they are willing to put up with nonsensical and arbitrary constraints merely because they are different than those of other 4X games, not because they add significant value beyond what is usually done. A good example that innovation does not necessarily imply improvement.Not recommended."
76561198075204088,Not Recommended,282590,15112093,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,wiljamesroe,Hey I just bought the game and everytime I open it a few seconds after it stops working
76561198006884898,Recommended,282590,28291447,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,buchecker,Its refreshing and different. With ideas that actually dont try to somehow replicate the success of MoO2 and still fail like so many other games. Strongly recommended for anyone looking for something new.
,Recommended,282590,15162551,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DEVO,unique and enjoyable 4x. economy and diplomacy are much different than any other 4x i've played. very macro-oriented. performance is great! recommended if you are a fan of this genre
,Recommended,282590,11323156,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Gimmie2,"A fun game so far, but do NOT go into this expecting it to be anything like the first game, it is much simpler, the economy is dumbed down quite a bit, and the sheer scale of the game is nowhere near the same.However, if you enjoy space RTS games like sins of a solar empire you will enjoy this game. Come into this game with no preconceptions about it being similar to the first and you will have a great time."
76561198080149862,Recommended,282590,15081721,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,green,">Multi thousand star, multi galaxy map is made>Computer does it>mycomputerisntapotatoyay.jpeg>Plays against 5 insane Ai's>Is first to discover all but 4>Grudge is held against the filthy Oko for not letting me be the first species to find them>11 hours and not even a♥♥♥♥♥♥break>Almost all systems colonized>Frustrating 1 hour stalemate with Mono disease in a mere 3 systems over meat>Any captured planet is immediately recaptured>Le Graviton Condenser>Ifican'thaveitnobodycan.jpeg>Normally quiet Oko suddenly decides to also declare war>Captures MY meat planet>Old grudge is remembered>Secretly sends Graviton Condenser (Gloriously named Plant Murderer) to the black hole in their homesystem (which has not been colonized because both planets are barren)>Wait.>Wait.>Wait (giggling profusely by this point).>2 hours later the Bork black hole casually implodes, much to the surprise of the leader of Plant Town>Galaxy burns>Entire Oko economy collapses, fleet production is brought to a halt>Subjugates entire species of sentient plants10/5 Would destroy entire galaxy over meat again"
76561198007335471,Recommended,282590,19397587,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lone _ Ninja,".................................................................................................. I cannot decribe how awesome this game is.EDIT: Now for the real review!Star Ruler 2 is a 4X-RTS game. There are multiple factions with different abilities and shipsets. There is heavy modding support and there is over 150 items on the workshop. There is complete ship customization(except for the look). You can test your designs in the design sandbox and still be able to use them in SP. You can only build more ships if you have a much bigger ship that can support them.Sorry, that last one was really wordy, I'll make it in better terms. You have larger ships such as the capital ships, dreadnaughts, and really anything larger than that. they each have a support capacity, and you can select ships that fit the support category to follow that larger ship. Hence the name ""Support"". all different saupport  ships have different support points depending on the weapons, armor, size, etc.  and different factions have different ships.But not all of the factions have different ships. There is only 3 shipsets, but If you download all of the ones that arent copies of each other from the workshop then the count ammounts to around 53 shipsets. You expand by colonizing, and increasing the level of the planet by giving it certain rescources. Then you can build buildings on the planet and orbital structures. And you can have as many ships as you want! As long as you have the rescoruces to build them. YES!!!!! THAT MEANS THERE IS NO UNIT CAP!!!!!In a nutshell Star Ruler 2 is an action-packed game with quick decisions that could kill you or make you win, and the enemy will be rutheless unless you stop them quick. This is a game that space game players will love A LOT if they take the time to learn the game and have fun playing it! I hope this was helpful! Now that Wake of the Heralds is out: it's a great expansion, only $10 as well! The new shipset is great and the mechancs of the 2 new factions are also really good. not to mention personalities as well, they can give you new bonuses while you're playing! there's a lot to say, so just check out the DLC yourself. You can figure it out a lot better than I can probably.But to close off this review I have one more thing: Dont take forever on the tutorial since a lot of that info you most likely wont use until you learn a lot more, and so what I want to get across is that just have fun and build a really big fleet and watch it fight to the death! I did it with 30k size fleets on each side! AND IT WAS SO EPIC!!!!! I hope you all have fun playing Star Ruler 2!Another edit after a long time: It's sad the company closed down and that there won't be any more updates, but it's a fun game. And Wake of the Heralds made it even better. It's sad that this game was SO overlooked by the vast community that is ""Space Games"". it is hands down the BEST 4X RTS i have and will ever play(ed)."
76561198070590329,Recommended,282590,32099878,Posted: 31 May,all,PeterAmaranth2,"i love it, all i can say really i got sick of the games that have a turn button that got on my nerv and i wanted a game that was good, combat a bit like stellaris but would work on my crappy pc i saw this and loved the look and its plays the way i saw it takes a few hours to get use to but youll love it in the end specialy the space combat, i cant wait to build rings around stars and stick engins on my planet and move them muhaha"
76561198006617124,Recommended,282590,23041044,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jaswolf,A very dynamic scifi 4X full of fresh and innovative ideas.The colonization system is so cool and fast thanks to the well designed UI.The ship designer is great and gives you the possibility to do crazy things !You can make huge fleets making the 3D realtime space battles truely epic.The diplomacy is fun (so rare in the 4X genre)Overall a true gem that deserves to be played.
76561198142107115,Recommended,282590,28757308,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,pascalbob,"An excellent strategy game.  Deep and with some brilliant twists such as the diplomancy system using the purchasing of cards and a great ship design screen with the ability to import other user designs straight into your game.  I love the haunting music which suits the game and my play stryle well.On sale it's a steal and at full price although I'd think a lot harder about a purchase, I'd say it still merits it's price."
76561198203795260,Recommended,282590,22578854,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,m.mill3085,cool game
76561198021956024,Recommended,282590,22594052,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Ryan,Fun game
,Recommended,282590,32072126,Posted: 30 May,all,impTek,"Realtime 4X done differently. While the general systems arent overly complicated, theres still the genre-expected learning curve to overcome."
,Recommended,282590,22541960,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ferris euler,it's probably the only 4x game that gets scale right.
76561197963908835,Recommended,282590,16148901,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Cronstintein,"While not the sexiest things to concentrate on, the economy and trade systems are what really blow me away in this game.  I love how you pillage resources from smaller planets to fuel (level up) the ones you care about.  It really makes your lv4 homeworld feel powerful when it's connected to ~15 subordinate planets.  It also gives importance to those outskirt planets.  Once they start going down it can really wreak havoc on your economy.I also really like how civilian infrastructure builds itself based on economy 'pressure' (which is derived from what elements you've got).  It really cuts through the majority of the bs micromanagement which is much appreciated!  The same system is used on 'defense pressure' which is an easy, and micro free, way to give your planets some defense.  In this way you are only ever controling a handful of fleets which keeps things elegantly manageable.The last thing I'll touch on is the diplomacy system.  While 1-on-1 diplomacy is pretty rudimentary (a couple treaty options but that's about it), the galactic senate system is something I really enjoy.  You basically develop a resource called 'influence' which is used to buy and activate diplomacy cards.  They have a wide range of effects, some of which require a senate vote to pass.  It's all very well done and I get some real enjoyment out of dominating the senate.  You can annex planets and system this way, stealing them w/o going to war (or losing units).All-in-all I think it's a very cleverly designed 4x game that does some new things."
,Recommended,282590,21090615,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ProcDrone,"I really like the concept of multiple galaxies, tousands of systems, and how the game works. It is pretty painless to get you up and fighting.The sandbox-like universe, filled with asteroids, anomalies, systems, planets and artifacts is pretty impressive.Design your own ships.Choose your desired FTL technology !Battle multiple enemies with heavy fleets.One Cons though, if you get too large fleets, sometimes support ships starts to act a little weird, on a increated time rateBut overally, I would recommend this game. And oh, supports mods as well."
,Recommended,282590,27247850,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thagus,"In short: the game is awesome, I totally recomend it despite it's little problems.For a more detailed review, continue reading.THE GOOD- Amazing ship design system that gives another level of customization to the races- The graphics are great and you can zoom into almos everything to see detailed graphics, and depending on the computer you can see the huge battles as they take place with a great level of detail and epicness.- A friendly UI- Very interesting reasearch grid that makes you think in what to investigate depending on the circumstances- If you like micromanagement you can do it with every ship and planet, thinking your moves to the last detail thanks to the pause and slow down buttons; or if you preffere macro to get fast into the fight you can just control certain aspects of minor planets, concentrating only in the capitals, and building few fleets with massive ammounts of supports without the need of constantly pausing the game to think the moves.THE BAD- The game still has some bugs arround, some of them frustrating, but no big game breakers- The multiplayer need some pulishTHE UGLY- Some crashes at the the end-game due to massive fleets- I have experienced severe problems when trying to play in windows 10, but in windows 8.1 runs like a charm"
76561198032519330,Recommended,282590,22571605,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Torkani,"Excellent game, the mechanics are very fun and the gameplay is deep and satisfying. There are 4 different ways that ships can move around the galaxy (hyperdrive, slipistream, gates and fling beacons) and the economy is unique but works well.Two gripes that I have with this game are 1) It's kinda unstable (crashes from time to time) and 2) There isn't a large variety of components like in the previous game. (There are lots of techs, but most them only provide stat buffs or economy bonuses)"
,Recommended,282590,20887686,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,N7_SithSuicious,Great game
,Recommended,282590,16140647,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Rataphract,"Between this and the first Star Ruler, there's a variety of interesting concepts in 4x Space games on display. I recommend trying out both if you can -- the first is rougher around the edges, with more complicated mechanics and a more difficult learning curve, while this one is streamlined in intelligent ways. Although there are a few options that aren't on the table in SR2 as a result, SR2's still got plenty of scope for unique and interesting ship design and fleet combat, which is now based around a 'Command' flagship, of any design you like, and a support fleet of smaller ships, which is a wonderful way of simplifying the control of complex fleet combat."
,Recommended,282590,16899084,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ahhhhhhhhh,This Game is goooooood.... AI should be more aggressive though
76561198172181121,Recommended,282590,29803642,Posted: 9 February,all,Sam Taylor,Very entertaining 10/10 plus the steam workshop modding really adds to the longjevity of the game
,Recommended,282590,15599145,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Macros,"If Sword of the Stars, Sins of a Solar Empire and Galactic Civilizations had an orgy, this would be the result. I will easily be putting in 200 hours or more."
,Recommended,282590,15562001,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,LightMonk,"Legend of the Galactic Heroes - The GameSomehow surprised that this game has not more attention, because it is very well made for being a Singleplayer game as also being wonderfully playable in Multiplayer."
76561197977031889,Recommended,282590,12596089,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Impale,"getting glitches with support ship list, support ships disapearing, complete construction with docks, comps can't use any other ftl. Looks good, keep up the good work."
76561198018906971,Recommended,282590,19366284,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Irushian,"A great game for its genre. It's relatively easy to pick up but some of its features are a little confusing til you've experimented a few times to get a decent grasp of it. I would personally prefer more customisation features built into it and a map editor so you could write your own scenarios easily, however it is extremely moddable which is excellent. I'm definitely looking forward to the announced expansion.8/10"
,Recommended,282590,19432993,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,mjmeintjes,"Very interested and refreshingly different than other 4x games I've played recently. Love the massive fleet battles, interesting planet development and unique diplomacy."
,Recommended,282590,15866572,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Radioactive,"Overall, I'd give this about a 7.5/10, and feel that I can recommend this game.Positive: The game has pretty good gameplay and UI. The mod support / workshop integration and ship design sharing are nice. Engine performance is good too, so playing a game on a quite big map is realistic.Negative: A big war is pretty hard to control and at some point, there is a lot of mop-up with little to no chance of recovery for the loosing empire, and no real automation to handle it. That you can surrender while continuing to play is a nice touch, but it doesn't completely fix the issue of the contest not quite being brutal and quick enough. [I actually generally wished the game had a little more automation and streamlining on all the repetitive clicking.]It also has fairly typical 4x issues, for example the races / traits are really quite unbalanced, and there are a bit too few strategic & tactical options on how to win the game or turn a bad situation around."
76561198072852232,Recommended,282590,17619208,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Steelrain1992,Its a good game but it some time to get use to.
,Recommended,282590,20031862,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Christiansen,"Outstanding game. Lots of replayability (of which the modular ship designer is largely responsible). Play with one galaxy with 1000 systems, or 10 galaxies with 100 systems each. The amount of customization possible is what makes this game so good. Not to mention the absolutely gorgeus space battles.From lancer ships that are just one big laser, to battleships with all the different kinds of weapons, it's all possible.The 4x side of the game can sometime be frustrating (with the AI being more of a thorn in your side than an actual adversary), but the game manages to give an overall very good experience."
,Recommended,282590,19422336,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MiniGui98,Was under an unbreakable alliance with an AI... he broke the alliance anyway and destroyed all my planets behind my back.AWESOME large (vers large) scale 4X/RTS game.10/10 would do more sun-sized motherships
76561198007708495,Recommended,282590,22612522,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,VegasMike,this game is great
,Recommended,282590,20041481,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RToTheAze,This game makes Sins of Solar Empire look like a kids game.
,Recommended,282590,22701567,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Rhapses,"Better than sliced bread!No, really. Great game! Different to the others out there and made independently by a small time developper/studio.GREAT effort. Buy it and support the guy because he deserves the kudos :)"
76561198078131540,Recommended,282590,22511321,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,SystemAnalyst,+ Very good space game with unique resources system.+ Can have thousands vs thousands ships battles+ Very easy to mod+ has battle simulator+ indie developer
76561197971070441,Recommended,282590,14781781,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,relax,"I've played many 4x games over the years and while it's not my all time favorite genre, a good 4x game can be an immensely rewarding. SR2 seems to have all the right pieces in place to be an excellent game; however, I found the tutorial to be very weak. I was hoping there was a more detailed PDF guide. Nope. There are a few video guides posted by players but these leave much to be desired. I realize this is still a work in progress but if they want the game to be successful the developer needs to give new players more help in learning how to play."
76561198022148163,Recommended,282590,16348892,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,stevenschur,"Interesting space 4X.  The way it manages your empire getting larger prevents you from getting bogged down in endless details about some crappy colony you don't care about.  It isn't a perfect game, but I think it is worth playing if you're into Space 4Xs."
76561198074238268,Recommended,282590,25945165,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,littlekittypet,"all right for some reason it doesnt log the countless hours iv played this or sr1 buuut to any new players I have a  simple warning. explore the game watch lets plays ect anything that can help you get ahead in this game do so. just like sr1 this game is extremly punishing to new players if you dont know what your doing your going to lose over and over and over and its going to make you hate even touching it. so before you set the game dif to normal and yes even after you have played the guide set it to the lowest level and take your time, think and figure out how things work and of course take the time to check things out online cuz like I said to new players the game is vastly complex and is extremly ruthless as an example ( you build your super awesome size 1000 battle ship only to watch it get buzzed down by size 25's maybe you built the wrong armor or maybe you didnt have enough ammo or power or feul ect) you need to really pay attention and counter build the enemy and not get locked in on one weapen type, in sr1 you could do that if you were severly lucky and had a  huge teck advantage and just wanted to be lazy with repairing, lazers, sheilds and tones of armor/ but otherwise not paying attention or not sending a  scout into a  sytem first to check to see what type of wepenery they are useing before you attack can result in your entire fleet being slaughterd  even though your a  higher teck with larger numbers in damage or ships. so yea go look around on line watch lets plays learn and always ALWAYS scout in theplace you want to attack and around it after all.... maybe just off ina  near by sytem they have a fast force and you didnt see it or a  sytem or three away a  large armada is coming in to attack them so you'd rather hang back in swoop in near the end and clean up both sides reduced fleets ......"
76561197969989503,Recommended,282590,15413038,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Endless Summer,"A damn solid real-time 4x with an extremely innovative diplomacy system, very flexible vessel design system, and very tightly designed mechanics. Everything works and has a use in game, it runs smoothly, it looks neat, and has features you won't find anywhere else. Firmly recommended, especially for the price. Not to mention this company gives good support for their games, Star Ruler 1 received lots of support post-release, so not a fire and forget project like many 4x games."
,Recommended,282590,15530608,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,db48x,"There are a few problems (the tech ""grid"" isn't particularly easy to read and find your way around in), but this is a great game. The puzzle-like mechanic of supplying your planets with resources and pressure is a novel one, and one that really pushes you not just to expand to anywhere, but to expand in order to claim specific resources.I'm also enjoying the diplomacy, which is also set up in a novel way. It's a bit like a card game where you're spending your influence to gain actions and to sway the voting.I definitely recommend this one."
,Recommended,282590,15307946,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Mordgier,"This game takes a significant change of direction from SR1, which unfortunately resulted in the inevitable bad reviews...A great deal of the depth and flexibility of SR1 is missing from SR2 - but the game is much more accessible and there is no shortage of depth left. The UI is a great improvement and the graphics are a step up as well.In short, this isn't a perfect sequel to SR1 - but it's a very solid game."
,Recommended,282590,15522936,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Myndpyre,"As someone who put a lot of time into SR1, I originally did NOT like this game.  I gave it a fair chance, had to stomach the new systems and some of the new concepts.  The issue was that I didnt like the concepts individually.  Until you get to the point that you have all of the concepts working together, you do not see the strengths they provide each other.  Once you see how everyone works together, and learn to try to take advantages of the different systems, I think this game has more depth and more replayability than SR1.  Good solid 4x game."
,Recommended,282590,16592142,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Top Crocodile Only,"TL;DR: Great new ideas, but needs 'quality of life' UI fixes before it becomes my favorite 4XThis is the first time that I played a 4X and spent the whole time fighting enemy diplomacy, and having a great time doing it.  What a change to the genre norm.Great refresh on the 4X them.  The Diplomacy system is the best I have seen in any game and the Ship building experience is on the right track (a few quality of life changes away from being epic).  The planet management, both micro (city development) and macro (planet resource graph), is held back by its UI.  Once war hits, it is also hard to figure out what broke and most of my games end with being too lazy to figure out how to fix my network of resources so I live with a negative budget and try to end the game with whatever fleet I have.I enjoy the early game so much that I don't mind that the end game is made unmanagable because of the UI.  I hope the next version puts its focus on improving the UI and adding more auto-management tools *while* sticking with their current machanincs (city development being the exception that could use a redesign)."
,Recommended,282590,22872972,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mr. Niggy,"As a avid fan of space games, this one has a spot in one of my list of good games. Star Ruler 2 has what I need: Ship-blueprinting, Diplomatic trickery, large amount of systems and galaxies for games that can last a day to games that could last a month, and large fleets to add to the space junkyard."
,Recommended,282590,15192421,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Doxxan,"Savage AI is savage.Brilliant 4x game, first in a long while I keep coming back to."
76561197976884847,Recommended,282590,15326767,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Aether,"Fisr of all, I love the economic stratagy they devised; it's original, fun, and intuitive. I could go on in detail about what makes it so awesome, but unfortunately I have more to say about, what I humbaly consider, design flaws.The entire game falls apart due to the use of ""scaling"" mechanic. When you go to design a ship, you mst select the scale of it. There is no tool provided that gives you any indication of what scale would be appropriate at the current time. (I personally would like to see an exampele of how long it would take to build at highest production shipyard at the time, without having to go back-and-forth through multipule management screens with a calculator doing the math)Why is this a problem? In every game I have played thus far, eventualy the AI, with its perfect mathamatic abilities, does know exactly what scale it should use. Eventualy this gets to be very big. (I.E. capital ships scale value of 700 to my 200) This desparity is far greater advantage than even several tech levels of ship equipment. In short, The combat mechanics reduce from potentially balanced, to a game of who has the bigest multiplier.Second, the Tech Tree feels incomplete, or hurried. It seems like the start of a potentially good system, but just falls apart due to lack of attention and polish. There's proabbaly a little mor eroom for content as well; currently I count a total of 3 (4?) new weapons techs in the entire game. This is a far cray from the menagire of techs we're used to in 4x games like this.Other than those 2 points, it's a very good 4x game, and there is so much potential. Its still fun to play over-all, so I give it a thumbs up, but only by a hair. Take that for wat it's worth."
,Recommended,282590,15408695,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Deimos,"One of the best strategy games I've ever played.It is an odd strategy game, but once you get past the initially steep learning curve it quickly becomes one of the best ones out there.Buy it. Don't let the Devs go out of business."
,Recommended,282590,16658596,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,LogCabinNinja,Very good game with a differnt take on the space 4x genre
76561198061272637,Recommended,282590,16687191,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,punisher,great game and alot of fun and mods are a +++
76561198042209381,Recommended,282590,32752432,Posted: 24 June,all,Toad,"I'm really struggling to learn this game, but I think that is because there is so much depth to it. If you can handle a rather steep learning curve and enjoy games like Sins of a Solar Empire (Realtime 4x) and Anno2092 (Production chains and logistics) - then this will be right up your street.Some really nice mechanics, like the diplomacy cards, the research trees with hidden branches, and the sheer volume customise-ability make this a really unique and fun game with plenty of replayability.Well worth the buy (plus DLC) for £7 quid, on sale."
76561198104486191,Not Recommended,282590,16229431,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,hellsfx,Horrible game. Nothing like the first Star Ruler which was great. Hate the way you have to 'build up' your planets by importing things from other planets. Wouldn't recommend this game if it were free.
76561198114654096,Not Recommended,282590,21094231,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,jeradjohnso,"Game is poorly thought out and ideas are not well implimented. Huge failure coming from the original Star ruler and it's mods. This game is just endless unnecessary tediousness, and it is more torture, than fun."
,Recommended,282590,25184952,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KatorRed,Surprisingly this is not another Master of Orion clone. But very good game with some interesting mechanics. Most interesting is diplomacy like a card game and supply chain planetary development.
,Recommended,282590,11479999,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,digimite,needs research and ship components
,Recommended,282590,15219280,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Imperial,"Pretty cool concepts, very good game."
,Recommended,282590,22685237,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,bearhiderug,"Fun Fact for you...I almost never buy things at full price. In fact in three years I have bought two games at full price. Fallout 4? I got preordered for 20% off. I put them on my wishlist and wait for a sale. Star Ruler 2 is the best take on this genre in years. I just bought a dlc for full price.Developers. You do great work. Keep up the good work, stay inspired, and stay passionate."
76561198186681155,Recommended,282590,29106374,Posted: 7 January,all,Wun Tu,"It's a totally ligit stratagy game. (real time with a pause button, think CK2) can make your own spaceships witch is super fun, and should be a classic 4x game"
76561197975732248,Recommended,282590,16270720,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,iThrud,"If you like 4x games, then you need to play this."
76561197989215236,Recommended,282590,25824823,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Phyroks,"Its something new and bit different, might be hard to grasp the so different planet/building system than you are used to but in the end its very simple, just different.Expansion was really good too."
76561198016066271,Recommended,282590,11504993,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,LION77,would like more options  in setting up your fleets.and taking over an emeny planet is very borring
,Recommended,282590,23361033,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[EDT] Paranoidsr,Star Ruler 2's ship designer makes me squee.Quite possibly the only game of this scale with a horde mode (asymmetrical warfare in spehz; limited to dlc though). Also the only game that can make my ax-crazy heart love diplomatic system.Did I mention it supports modding and is optimised really well? Cause it does. It is a space strategy that runs well!Stellaris is cute and all... But this game is one of my favorite strategies.
,Recommended,282590,15133235,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ヒロシ Noir,Spent my entire money to build one massive fleet. Annihilated the entire enemy with that. 10/10 would annihilate again
,Recommended,282590,15121511,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DemonicTactician,Worth every penny!
,Recommended,282590,15114948,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Decced123,Excellent 4x game. New twists keep it refreshing.
76561197963664525,Recommended,282590,15159240,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Terkala,An excellent game for anyone who like space strategy games.
,Recommended,282590,17416478,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Steel Baron,10/10 game but the only thing that needs fixing THE ONLY THING IS IT NEEDS TO HAVE WINDOWS 10 SUPPORT PLEASE
,Recommended,282590,11439973,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Omegaprime02,"After just an hour of playing the game and despite it still being in development the game is already is already playable, and enjoying, the addiiton of multiple FTL systems has oopened up massive tactical and stratigic possiblities, the new fleet system simplifies fleet command massively, the new ship construction system is easier to use and allows for more reliable armoring and  an easier time protection key systems.While I am holding judgement until the game is release, I expect that many people will enjoy countless hours of play time."
,Recommended,282590,18164036,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,pango,Realtime 4x spaceship game done well. A shame the people who made it are not doing well financially.
76561198028513039,Recommended,282590,18333889,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,HossDelgado93,"A badass game. Hard at first, but once you get the basics.........♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real :)"
76561197996080990,Recommended,282590,23516249,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,sazlimn,"I've played this for a day. Overall, it's good. Different in a refreshing way. Time flies when playing this. If you like space 4x, you should try this game. The learning curve is steep, but if you are playing 4x, learning about the game mechanics is part of the fun. There are a few things that could be improved to make the game more polished. Here are a few.1. Need a way to gauge rival opinion on us. Since I'm learning, I'm not sure when hostilities are going to break out. Most of the time the rivals turn up on the doorstep with an armada ready.2. More tooltips or hints on when to start expanding the military. Or a graph to tell relative military strength.3. More shipsets would be nice."
,Recommended,282590,16294858,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,☭MRKRIEG⚔✠,i thinks its hard so far but i have had it for months ever since early access and well i have had fun using the ship cuztomizer
,Recommended,282590,15288155,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Manfred Cornburg,Not playing this is a mistake
76561198029902555,Recommended,282590,15457795,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,[82DK] Awoo Flower,<--- This is the face I make when I play this game. It's that good.
76561198091840733,Recommended,282590,11432591,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,GeorgeDropper,"So far so good, I had some fun trouncing some noob AI's, can't wait for the full release. In its current form it does feel a bit empty but it is still way to early to give a final review for this game."
76561197969282546,Recommended,282590,15761735,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,nobody,"Excellent, fun and complex empire management game. What keeps me from putting more hours into this is a pretty bad interface and a weak enemy AI, even on hard. Nevertheless, the time I put in I enjoyed very much. For the price a definite recommendation for anyone that likes the genre!"
,Recommended,282590,15766569,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Arasereg,Very nice game. Good graphics. Interface could be improved a bit to make it more logical. The economics part is a little strange to me. The diplomatic part is too dificult - the voting system is a little silly. The exploration part is nice though and you can make a pretty big universe if you have good CPU power.
76561198038090779,Recommended,282590,15763269,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Uthrax,"It's been a while since any 4x turn based game has held my attention for long. I had been looking for a good 4x game with a modern spin, but the current batch of popular 4x games just re-hash the same old mechanics that have been around since the dawn of 4x; the constant min-maxing, end-turn clicking, and save/reload experience that, to me, turn 4x games into something other than a game. They lose any kind of action feel and quickly the ADD kicks in; I'm moving on to something else.Along comes Star Ruler 2, a 4x game in a sense, but more, with an additional RTS element allowing you to fully control time. It sounds novel and has probably been done in some other game(s) I'm not aware of. But it is expertly done in this game, to the point that I would like to tip my hat to the developers with a rare post of admiration. Truly, the thought put into the overall design is pretty genius. From the endless setup options, fully 3D galaxies, orbiting planets, ship designer and sandbox tester, the built in community page and IRC, tab UI functions, to the very awesome, imo, space battles. And even better, it all seems to be coded well; I have yet to experience any issues.In the end it appears this game was put together by gamers and lovers of 4x, RTS, and space sims; they melded those genres very well into the fabric of this game.ADD will not affect this one for quite some time...lol."
76561198067020899,Recommended,282590,15676426,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,YA BOOSHWAGGA,I'm writing a short review because I want to get back to playing this game so buy it already! That is all(ps: yes it is that good)
,Recommended,282590,16046433,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Jolly Rancher,"Incredible 4x game, in my opinion it's the best the genre has ever had"
76561197970947742,Recommended,282590,15449273,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Halifax789,"This game is groundbreaking. Perhaps not as groundbreaking as Star Ruler 1, but since this is the first iteration of the series I have played, it is certainly groundbreaking for me.  GREAT game, GREAT mechanics. Playable in a single afternoon, though I would not quite call this game casual it certainly hits the sweet spot of ""genius nerd casual"".  Replayable many times with ma ny difficulties, and races that have inherently different mechanics.  Reasonable learning curve, and a sense of scale unattainable in any other space game I have played!TWO THUMBS UP!Some of the badassness of this game:- It is actually easy to put together a fleet of 1000 ships, 5 different ship types each with individual behavior (bomber, shield the mothership, anti-capital, anti-fighter). You can make a 1000 ship fleet with, lets see.... 13 clicks. and DONE!- Its actualy easy to fight with your 1000 ship fleet - since the individual ships have their own behavior you dont need to micromanage them. This game is delicious strategy without bogging down in pew pew tactics.- you can build PLANETARY THRUSTERS and fly your planet around!  WIth missles on it!  You can basically make your own death star!!- you can build a RINGWORLD! It looks beautiful too.- you can do all this with just some experimentation with the game. I only had to reference the rules/forums like three times in the whole of learning this game."
,Recommended,282590,33590648,Posted: 16 July,all,Nashnir,A little outdated but great 4x game.Will publish a more detailed review when I can be bothered to stop playing it :)
76561197993531567,Recommended,282590,31928115,Posted: 23 May,all,red7255,Awesome game!
76561197997863731,Not Recommended,282590,33569876,Posted: 15 July,all,Rufus Shinra,"I definitely stand by my earlier judgement, which is that SR2 is unpolished as hell. Its economy system is micromanagement hell that manages to be frustrating, overly complex and nonsensical, particularly with the unforgivable lack of clear and explicit documentation. Its diplomatic system is IMHO, however, the gold standard of what you should have in a 4X, with the card/influence/vote system being splendid for games against both AIs and human players.As much as I loved (and still love) Star Ruler 1 with its glorious level of Tarkin-approved devastation, Star Ruler 2 deserves a clear thumb down, despite a wonderful gameplay gem."
76561198080381918,Not Recommended,282590,15087556,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,johnx,"The game is pointlessly complex and very shallow.You can design your own ships, but they aren't really many choices. They are all basically the same.The combat is designed for visuals of large groups of ships attacking each other, not for any amount of tactical play. (Why they even let you design ships, i don't know)Gets old fast, and considering how long it took to understand..."
,Recommended,282590,28704915,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Redrusty66,"a big fan of the 4x genre and Star Ruler 2 delivers a rich, deep, and unique take on this front. Having never played the original, I don't have any hangups that others (mostly early access reviewers) have pointed out, instead I found almost every aspect very enjoyable. Diplomacy is interesting, the economy system is sensible but challenging. Starship design is intuitive and allows for amazing combinations. Star System exploration and ""secret"" discoveries rounds out an already full game. If you have any loyalty to the 4x style games, do yourself a big favor and pick this up (also get the expansion WELL worth the money).Quite simply if you like 4x, then you will like Star Ruler 2,"
,Not Recommended,282590,21712286,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Doomwarrior,"I can´t stress out enough how much i REALLY REALLY REALLY dont like the new empire-planet-linking nonsense in this game. It is utterly broken and makes the game feel so tedious. I get the idea behind it though, that a planet depends on delivering of goods and ressources from other places but come on... one missing part in the chain and the once mighty uber planet crashes down taking half the empire with it.Just utter nonsense. You want dependencies? You had it right in Star Ruler 1 already.For the rest of the game i love what you did, you made the interface much less of a mess than in star ruler 1 and had some nice ideas in diplomacy. But it is just no fun for me anymore. I loved the first part, hoped for more of the same with better features and ui and some improvements... but this? no sir! not my game...and i love space 4x to death normally."
76561197986830840,Recommended,282590,15121121,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ryashon,If you like 4x this is a good one.
,Recommended,282590,25154256,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,mr palomar,"There are many in depth reviews already that go into the unique elements of this game - I just wanted to add a quick thumbs-up in support of the game and the developers.  This is a deep, different - and Fun - space 4x game!"
,Recommended,282590,15159173,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Njordin,One of the best Sci-fi 4x RTS available!Many new ideas and design choices.
76561198044553372,Recommended,282590,23711412,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,stonish.ogham,WOW! This game is amazing! If you want truly enjoyable 4X-RTS with real depth and gargantuan scale - this is it.
76561197970483901,Recommended,282590,22550888,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Bellicose,I love this game!
,Recommended,282590,17037109,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,-=PR=-_Miller,Good game with huge battles and nice economic and diplomatic system. Game brings in alot of origonal ideas for a space RTS and it works well
76561198160495995,Not Recommended,282590,28632726,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,gartheastwood,"Absolutely AWFUL game.  One of the worst ""space 4X""ers I have EVER played.I quite liked Star Ruler 1, but Star Ruler 2..... I just cannot fathom how the developers managed to balls up the gameplay so much, less so how the developers thought that this was turning out to be a game that is actually fun to play.It's NOT fun, it's just frustration, confusion and obfuscation incarnate - and this all exponentially worsens with every new system you have colonies in. You are expected to handle more and more and more things simultaneously at the same time as the game progresses. Even if turn based this would have been a migraine inducing overload for the player, but when applied to a real-time game it's enough to give you a stroke! The AI manages such paralell thinking with ease, so on even the easiest difficulty settings it just ♥♥♥♥♥ all over you.Who dreamt up the ridiculous system of ""planet levels"" based on very complex and easy to screw up networks of imports/exports? They want shooting. And as for who dreamt up the PROFANELY stupid ""card based"" and ""tug of war"" style ""diplomacy"" mechanics..... and the idiotic ""budget"" system, which NEVER gives you more than two credits to rub together.The techtree is crap, the ship designs, weapons, compentents are crap. Astronomical realism is crap. The entire game is crap.Buy Star Ruler 1, or some other similar game. DO NOT WASTE GOOD MONEY ON THIS COMPLETE TURD!Oh and if you, like me, don't find SR2 to your liking, don't complain in a review like I did.Entire armies of COMPLETE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥will hound you out of Dodge..... Ilya Svana, Firgof Umbra, Xangi <----- the biggest PRICK on Steam I've met yet, you'll get it from the lot of 'em.PS/ Yes, it seems it IS ok to call people ""PRICK"" on these reviews..... well, ""Xangi"", the KING OF DRIBBLING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ called me a prick! And despite making five reports to Steam about it nothing has been done! So, what else is there to conclude? ""PRICK"" is an acceptable Steam insult! (Or maybe it's just further evidence of Firgof Umbra, one of the ""oh-so unprejudiced"" Star Ruler 2 developer/moderators, also being one.)Developer/moderators <----- becuase yeah, developers have no vested interests in their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ badly designed games, and can be fully trusted to be neutral on their own boards.PS/ Quality auto-censor Steam! It does not remove ""prick"" but does remove it's plural!"
76561198013020221,Not Recommended,282590,15148068,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kjas,Tutorial needs work.  Not that easy for someone  coming at it cold.
,Not Recommended,282590,22851253,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheSilverHammer,"I have a number of friends who are very much into space 4x games.  They were pretty positive about this game so I bought it.  In general, I do like space 4x games, however I can't say that they are a big thing for me.Having said that, I found this game very dull.  I just was doing stuff, like expanding, building fleets etc... and was just mostly watching the time go by.  I tried several games with different configurations, but they all turned out to be the same boring experience.Unless you are really into space 4x games, then I suggest that you stay away from this one."
76561197975464456,Recommended,282590,24186466,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Decoy,A very unique and enjoyable take on the 4x space strategy genre.
,Recommended,282590,11336183,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Rawne,I love this game
,Recommended,282590,12635840,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Monarchco,"Decent so far, however has some very degrading elements that should have remained from Star Ruler 1.Such as:Ship building(this method used in SR2 sucks compared to 1.)Colonization(This also sucks compared to one, and feels more like a copy from several other older games not on par with SR1)planet advancement - This is my specific issue, as ONLY 1 planet can supply resources to ONE other planet, and planets require ""resources"" to ""level up""(not be a tax burden among other things).I feel it would be more beneficial to have planets MORE like it was in SR1, even making it where these ""resources"" went into a galactic supply, and you needed more to upgrade planets(would allow multiple planets to be ""higher level"" opposed to forcing multiple planets into lower level stages solely to contribute to larger planets - i.e. slave planets).Bottom line: Will certainly be good, and is good. But is it as good as Star Ruler 1? Currently, no. When development is finished? Hopefully."
76561198009782895,Recommended,282590,29529156,Posted: 27 January,all,GabberDoesLinux,one of my fav. 4x!
76561198134808923,Recommended,282590,11409014,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Sundaywarship,Game has a few bugs but is grate 10/10
76561197970466397,Recommended,282590,11745650,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Monty,"its a shame,,, so much promise wasted, buy star ruler 1 not star ruler 2. So much is wrong with this game, it bores me"
76561198030393157,Not Recommended,282590,34844153,Posted: 9 September,all,Streptokok,"Loved Star ruler 1, this one not so much... definitly not worth 22,99€"
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,282590,28815102,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hade,"This game is a nightmare to play.Worst UI I've ever seen!While the game is fun at first, eventually you'll get bored from all the micromanagement required. It's as if the developer never played the game, just released it and hoped for the best.You don't get to save your budget, it resets every 3 minutes to whatever your empire is currently making.To level planets you have to link the correct resources to them (what a nightmare). Each different level you get a certain amount of max population. Population levels only impact how much money you make. Population has nothing to do with how many buildings you have on the surface. Population also builds random civilian buildings. Only way to get rid of buildings you don't need is to build something else over them. Which makes things more difficult since buildings are different sizes.Diplomacy is utter crap. Mostly just designed for the AI. You get cards to play. Except every 25 seconds a new card will appear and the oldest one will disappear. And to get cards you have to buy them. The cards are one pool from which all players buy from. I just simply ignore any kind of diplomacy. I'm not going to be checking that screen every 25 seconds.To name a ship, system, or planet you have to get that particular diplomacy card. So once again, I'm not going to wait for a for a certain card to drop and then hope I'm the first to buy it.Often times your ships rubberband around for no reason, go off randomly somewhere, or just sit there and refuse to follow orders. Or you give them orders but they don't actually go anywhere, even though they previously did.There's too much litter with support ships. It practically shows every support ship you have in a fleet making finding other ships impossible. If you build a ringworld, there'll be so many supports ships that you won't be able to see much else in that system.You have to be constantly assigning orders to mining ships. Sometimes they'll forget what orders you gave them and will just sit there until you notice they're not doing anything (often times you can't tell due to too many support ships around planets). Once a asteroid is mined out, they'll sit there until you give them orders again, and again, etc, and they tend to forget what planet is their drop off point, so again they sit there not doiing anything.All messages are icons on your screen. If you happen to get too many messages then the initial ones will get pushed off your screen for the latest ones. You'll lose ships to combat but won't actually get any messages. If you happen to get too many messages at once, then the bottom onces get pushed off in favor of the new ones. You never get messages that you really need, like if a ship is not doing anything or it's completed it's orders. Also you can only queue up about 4 orders.The menus for your watch items are the worst I've ever seen is a strategy game. For instance one menu shows all my civilian ships (every single one of them). So if I have too many ships, it'll take up most of the right side screen and push all the other menus below it off the screen. and if the menus go too far down your screen, then the message icon will appear on top of them, making for interesting clicking.Some game setups will cause your game to crash or get very buggy, regardless of the pc specs. This is mostly just trial and error.Galaxies are too far apart, so you have to scroll and scroll and scroll and possibly never find where you're trying to scroll to.Designing ships is another headache. It's hex based, all trial and error, mostly error. for instance you can't tell if the ship you designed has enough supplies or not, often it will run out of ammo quickly. And since you have a limited amount of space to work with.....There's also  no upgrading ships. Only way to upgrade is to delete the old ones.....and the list goes on and on.......On the plus side you can design a base that will shoot at enemies in another system or father (provided you can keep it supplied with ammo).You can also share your ship designs (if you feel like scroll thru all the pages looking for a particular one)."
76561198051829458,Recommended,282590,11369750,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,soldado701,"Not going into detail but so far it has a few bugs to work out, other than that it seems like this game is going to be the♥♥♥♥♥♥?!?"
,Recommended,282590,13818179,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sinzdri,"I tried to build a galaxy sized ship but couldn't afford it, 10/10."
,Recommended,282590,15155053,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Zaldron,"Im a barbie girl, in a barbie world!My planet produces plastic, its fantastic!11/10 you sung along too"
76561198078124841,Recommended,282590,25115657,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Shtinky,"Music, Great. Gameplay, awesome. The AI is very good and this game is great to play with friends."
,Recommended,282590,23356135,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Zeke,I own this game...i forgot i preordered it. now im really happy. review incoming
76561198048916786,Recommended,282590,22837291,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,A Cat,Great!
76561198170071433,Not Recommended,282590,22613488,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Stranger,This game is totally unstable. Nothing really changed since one year.
76561198114098822,Not Recommended,282590,18977127,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Quickfire,meh
,Recommended,282590,32923887,Posted: 28 June,all,El3PsePSi3,A good Stellaris alternative!
76561197975033909,Recommended,282590,15077866,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,CUPCAKEFURY,not bad if you like space games.
76561198012071265,Not Recommended,282590,24933948,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,"Less-good sequel to an awesome original.EDIT: This is just my opinion. I'm sure many many people enjoy this game, because it's obvious the dev cares about it. But I just loved the orginal so much, and Galactic Armory ( a Mod for star ruler) was discontinued because of star ruler 2. Broke muh heart.I also find the trade networks and leveling up my systems tedious. Who knows? maybe Star Ruler 3 will be better than No Man's Sky."
76561198067062279,Not Recommended,282590,14935911,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Meat Popsicle,"Update   :ok so i tried to have another gfo at this only now i am entirely lost with this one.everything is everywhere. import/export of ship designs simply doesnt work. sound goes in and outyou cant do anything ingame with money but the only buildings for your planets that make money cost far more then you are given.hell with it, this just aint a good game. first star ruler was great but this....idk what this is but it aint star ruler.this game...is just not worth it. even as it closes to being finished now this planet leveling system has killed any fun to be had. just save yourself the trouble and dont bother"
,Recommended,282590,25161349,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,280 Pound Lips,It's good
,Not Recommended,282590,15077935,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,=SAS= Hafkl,If you liked star ruler 1 you probably won't like this game... sad really
76561198021888939,Not Recommended,282590,11356563,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Alt,"Currently this game is VERY glitchy.  Block yellows/cyans smear the interface, chunks of text go missing.  The Fleet management looks like arbitrary geometric structures thrown at each other, without even a discernable interface.  Dialogues you've opened remain on screen after they're supposed to go away.If the game simply operated as intended, it might be ok.   It's impossible to play in its current rendition.I recommend you wait for further development before committing any money to this."
76561198006153651,Not Recommended,282590,15036023,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ecthelion,"Nice visuals, but maddeningly bizzare planet management system and useless ship graphics."
76561198030746271,Not Recommended,282590,15141120,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tegga21,"Do not buy this expecting Star Ruler 2 (Sequel to first)If you want a fun, light RTS 4x with ship customization this game is a fun romp.The AI is also non existant"
76561198215461792,Not Recommended,282590,16559369,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,rubyismycat,not good avoid
,Not Recommended,282590,34699789,Posted: 2 September,all,Elaine,I've refunded the game but let me give you a quick rundown on what's going on with.The graphics are nice and you can have huge 3d ship battles also It has a pretty good ship designer. That's about the only positive things I can say about this game.The rest of this game is either hit or miss depending on who you are. Diplomacy is conducted via a card system which is meh in my opinon since I didn't get to use it very much in my brief playthough of the game though I could tell it would lead to great things if it was implemented correctly.The biggest reason that caused me to refund this game is it's bonehead excuse of an economy. You literally have to micromanage the growth of your planets via a matching trading system. It's almost like they though it would be a great idea cut up different systems in their 4x game and make a MINI GAME out of each one so they could even function properly. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if so much of this stuff wasn't documented and explained properly. This mechanic or  mini game if you will will pretty much sap all the enjoyment out of the game if your a newbie. WAY TO TEDIOUS!
,Not Recommended,282590,15028072,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Your_Overlord_Cthulhu,"Text engine doesn't work for me, if anyone can help i'll like it"
,Not Recommended,282590,29427254,Posted: 22 January,all,Sembiance,"Looks to have a good level of polish and the tutorial is very well done, introducing sections of the game one at a time.Sadly there is no UI scaling so things were a bit small. The final nail in the coffin for me was there was a lot of ""needless complexity"" that could have been streamlined or introduced later in the game. Sadly I cannot recommend this game."
76561198079069423,Recommended,282590,11626261,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,r.snider,do not know.  i have not yet been able to play what i purchased.  crashes when i launch it and not getting any help.  after probably 12 hours my patience is growing very thin.
,Recommended,282590,24293155,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cheatcodek,"Good game, ship editor is hands down the best out of every game, the economy and resource aspects of the game are suprisingly original, and the game is overall fun.Get the game, it's good."
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,282590,19992165,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Vali,.
,Not Recommended,282590,31190414,Posted: 16 April,all,Alpha-Omega,"Good ideas, poorly implemented, the diplomacy cards are especially strange..."
76561198006525841,Not Recommended,282590,30203124,Posted: 26 February,all,nods2002,"Boring. I can't play for more than an hour at a time. There's no combat, just run your ships into other ships and watch either you or them die."
76561198311149307,Not Recommended,282590,25197406,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Eagle_of_Fire,"This is by far the worst 4x game I have ever seen. There is absolutely nothing interesting in this. I tried as much as I can tolerate to understand how the extremely poorly explained mechanics of the game work and I had absolutely no problem whatsoever with the extremely simple yet incredible boring economy system... But the combat mechanics... God. It's so utterly badly done and a mess of things I'm not even interested in discussing it.Unless what you are looking for is ship building simulator AND you have a billion years to dedicate to it, avoid this like the plague.Actualy, at this moment the plague seem attractive to me in comparison."
,Recommended,282590,11980245,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,maymay master 420,"Hey kids, do you like startegy games? Do you like space? Do you like spaceships? Do you like massive space battles with custom designed flagships supported by hundreds of customed designed support ships fighting over critical systems? Do you like a complex diplomacy system based on more than just trades?Boy do I have the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,282590,15390737,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Thyrork,"This was my old review, I'm going to edit in my updated one that I wrote for the expansion.You might be asking yourself, ""What does this game do differently that makes it worth my while?"" Well, in short, it’s not “yet another bad Masters of Orion clone”, It’s not “Civilization IN SPACE!” and it's not Sword of the Stars 2.What this game is, and I really stress this, is unique. While I have had a hard time getting into it (a fault of my own as you can’t simply zone out and play this like any other space 4x), it’s by far the most refreshing take on the genre yet. To go into great depth about why it's unique would make for a very long review but to have a few examples:* You can rebuild ancient wrecks and turn the war around, as if you were playing a space RPG from the perspective of the ragtag empire suddenly getting the heroic lead character’s assistance with the Ancient Relic Warship of Destruction.* And following on with that thought, said warship can then be used to blow up the supermassive black hole at the heart of a galaxy, obliterating the galactic core. Rival empire spiraling out of control? Not anymore.* You can spend political capital to rename your flagship. This inspires your people. Yes, renaming your flagship to “LongflongActual.” is inspiring.* You can convince the galactic council that a planet inside a rival empire should belong to you, and they will vote and agree on it, even as the rival in question desperately tries to stop it going through.* Someone put a bill into the galactic council encouraging research? The highest voter gets an extra bonus ontop of it. Watch as all the players race to be the most supportive of a bill that already helps them because only one can be at the top.All this, and more, because the core product has modding support and steam workshop integration. These are both great for the longevity of Star Ruler 2, and I'm certain this expansion will be the same.Now, you might be asking, what’s bad about Star Ruler 2? By being unique you will need to learn, and it can be a steep climb at that. You will need to be patient and want to explore something new but the wonderful dev’s behind this game have extensive tooltips and help to smooth that over. Can’t get the help you need or find it not enough? There is even an ingame IRC client you can connect to with no fuss from within game and ask.Get Star Ruler 2, and while it might date this review to say this, get it even with Stellaris on the horizon if you are comparing the two. This is A Good Game right now. A pleasant, solid reimagining of a genre filled with the wrecks and broken remains of so many alternatives.And it really never gets old to turn galactic politics into a wonderful game of “who’s bill do I ruin next?”"
76561197996914899,Recommended,282590,17226053,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,maruosch007,"So good! I love it, really special."
,Recommended,282590,16704609,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Adyen,"There's a lot of reasons to play Star Ruler 2 - If you're looking for an easier Star Ruler game, or looking for a challanging 4X stratagy game, etc.I do recommend this game in a sense - the biggest problem I have with this game is that you MUST play with the Ship Designer.I believe these kinds of games should offer as much freedom as possible - and thus how many way you can win is important. The problem is, the game does not offer anything other than the pre-made basic ships and thus you must take your time to make ships if you want stronger ships.If you like playing around with a ship designer, then go right ahead and buy this game (on sale). But if you're like me and hate being forced to do something in a game just to have a CHANCE of winning... well. I still think this is a pretty fun game to play, but I'd recommend you only get this on sale.Another thing of note is that the eXpand in 4X is also required - you need resources to grow your planets, and only other planets have it. I'm also annoyed at the limit on energy storage, where you can't actually build buildings to store more.Ah well.Edit: June 20 2016So, I've came back to this after a while and... Well, there's no button to generate automatic designs. Well then.Edit2: June 27 2016Well, I did finally find that button. I'm actually really surprised that I didn't find it before cause I was hovering over every single button on that screen."
76561198123937643,Recommended,282590,13279199,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Bash,"Early Access review.So far So good!  I have never played the first Star Ruler. I found it challenging when using a lot of different ai types most you can use is 28 so far with not enough logos and colors to go around. Depth via  diplomacy system  i enjoyed it, have to check in see whats going on constantly adds a new element of rts with votes system naming Galaxtic Malls and other wonders to propose and vote for or against.  I would like to see more ship designs added they dont have many models as well as the upgrade chart change it doesn't do the game justice. I found it easy to learn and the different style of RTS refreshing. Glad i got it early access to support good  developers!!In it's current state i give it a 7.5/10 with potential to be an 8.5/10"
76561198007266093,Recommended,282590,13262992,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,SirRobin000,"While this is an early access game, I am loving where it is currently and can only see better and better things as this game continues development! Would definetely recommend!"
76561197975322194,Recommended,282590,15115436,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kedaros,It`s the best 4X game i`ve played in some time. Battles with thousands of ships looks really epic. Micromanagement of economy and diplomacy is one of a kind. True must have for any 4X fan.Money well invested :-)
76561197979709607,Recommended,282590,33037790,Posted: 30 June,all,dwoolfy,"Going back and rewriting my review because my opinion has changed somewhat.  I had a large number of issues with this game and I still do but most of the my problems are different.Every 4x game that I have come across has used several 'gimicks' to address some very complex issues.  In this game you have a population level that is associated with your planet level that requires you to accumulate certain numbers of tier based resources to increase.  Personally I do not believe in the arbitrary notion of a population limit or cap.  This is a gimick that almost all city/empire ect management games all use.  Instead they should be using a system of growth and decay.  In this game we see a glimse of it in how empire energy is handled.  Add in various environmental factors that and make them either both dynamic or one of the two could be static.  This sort of system woould make it so each environment would have a natural population limitation based on the point where growth equals decay.  But that point would always be in flux based on various different factors such as:  events, technologies, internal and external pressures, trade, governement, religion, resources, density and many more.  The population cap seriously inhibits the flexibility of the system and makes a requirement for a methodology to increase that cap.  I find that Star Ruler 2 has one of the worst of the arbitrary methods that I have seen in a game.I like the idea of pressure that this game offers.  One thing that needs to be changed is how pressure is handled.  Currently pressure is a one planet at a time thing for the most part.  All it does is cause small buildings to be built 'by the planet's population'.  These buildings are basically generator's for the six empire resources and labor.  I would like to have the pressure system more associated with modifiers instead of just static bonuses._____________________One thing that Star Ruler 2 does very well is having some very easy to use mod tools built right into the game.  It is rather limited mostly to effects that are already in the game which makes the creation of new features through moding rather difficult.On another note this game does have a rather steep learning curve.  All of the games that allow you to custom design your units, in this case your space ship all add a level of complexity to the games that changes your learning curve drasticly.  What happens if you spend an hour or two designing a ship that theoretically should be better than an opposing ship by the numbers, but because you made some bad placement descisions your ship tends to die easily without much impact because either the mix of equipment is bad or your placement just did not work well.  Of course some of the enjoyment of this type of game is all about the designing of the ships.In this game we also have a very limited selection of availible subsystem modules.  There is also a gloat of useless subsystems in the research tree.Overall I recommend this game less as a great game and more as something that has a lot of great concepts and some interesting gameplay for many people, yet is still very far from what I would call a quality 4x game."
,Recommended,282590,14081370,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,[PUFF] dreadxx,It's very good game but it's still alpha. also they have weekly update which it's good :)
,Recommended,282590,14335075,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,FlightSimBoy,"This has quickly become one of my favorite games. I enjoy most everything about it. Custom ship designs, putting buildings on planets, terraforming planets, creating supply networks, leveling planets, etc. This game is really fun and enjoyable.The only frustrating problem I have is population on planets. How do you gain population quicker? Does it just take a really long time at 1x or 2x speed or does anything like terraforming or building cities need to be done? I have no idea.. And there's no help guides that even mention population.Overall, this game is extremely fun for anyone who is into space exploration and building."
,Recommended,282590,14377879,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,beep bop lettuce,Freaking awesome
,Recommended,282590,16469064,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RIP ASHI DAMMIT,"Although just getting into it, I've played many 4x strategies in my time. This has to be one of my favorites, at least at the moment, due to ship customization. The combat goes beyond ' blob versus blob ' if you focus your ships and fleets designs properly they are immensely more effective than a fleet twice their size."
,Recommended,282590,16434544,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,1337W4lLh4cK3r,Ridiculously well optimized
76561198059810086,Recommended,282590,15486526,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Runs With Scissors,cant recommend this game enough.
76561198008427546,Recommended,282590,15398326,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,sir_FOX_au,Think this game has a lot of potential due to the easability of moding.  Its good to have a realtime 4x game
76561198009184624,Recommended,282590,15400096,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,3])linux,"The Good:Certainly one of the most innovative 4x games of this year. Diplomacy is done via the usage of cards. Furthermore planet building has stopped following the MOO formula and now depends on finding the right planets and linking their trade routes to other planets. What type of empire you make is then up to you. Do you want a large planet whose massive population and large production capabilities spell out ""all trade routes link to [insert your homeworld name here]"". Where mighty ships are build and fleets are launched from. Perhaps you want a more balanced galaxy, with strategic planets of a certain population placed around?It's all up to you.In addition, the fleet system is quite interesting as now the core of the fleet is the largest ship. Supports are there to support the larger ship,so having a well varied fleet is quite important. Even if having fleets is not to your liking and you prefer just having larger powerful capital ships, then do so. Ship building is as important as ever, with great control over where you wish to place certain weapons and defenses at.In game there are a few major races to choose from, or you can create your own. What's most striking is that all the races have different propulsion technologies, some use hyperspace while others use gates. Then even others tear a fabric in space time to create a slipstream tear to travel through instantly to their location. Each race also plays differently, some living in space,others connected to a central computer that ups their combat abilities. Won't spoil anymore though, play the game to see even more.Mod support is a 'click and subscribe' experience, and a menu pops up at the start asking you whether  you wish to activate them. There are already mods out there where you can control Asgard fleets from the Stargate series,and even custom player made models. Lots of tweaks to gameplay as well. It really is thriving, and quite well documented.Multiplayer , now this game is very multiplayer friendly. with more than 12/18 players being able to play within one universe.Graphically, the game is very pretty to look at. Zooming into the sun you can see those shaders at work. You can create pretty amazing screenshots with this game. Even with all the action on screens-thousands of ships firing at eachother, the performance remains stable and top notch.Dev-community relations: devs are pretty open to all questions you ask them, they lurk the forum day and night and are always online at the irc channel. So yes, they are pretty cool.Lastly, it has gnu/linux support which is an OS pretty starved for 4x games. So thanks for supporting it devs!The Bad:Research could be improved, by making it even larger. I'm not really a big fan of being able to see where your current research might lead. It also would be nice to see an event system in the game, to add to the lore and allow perhaps players to create interesting  campaigns.Conclusion:Great game,doesn't follow the staple 4x formula we have been used to, it brings something fresh and new to the table.Also has gnu/linux support,so that's a plus. It's a very fun game so far.Not to mention that it certainly has lots, and lots of potential, and it would be nice to see more expansions coming out!"
,Recommended,282590,14198864,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mr.Paradoxium,Amazing game i p;ayed the first one and loved it and this is such an improvement over the first. I recommend this to anyone who loves space and RTS games (:
,Recommended,282590,14565978,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Son_Of_Dawn,This game momentarily stole my life. I would still be giving this game life time but my GPU beat me to death.
,Recommended,282590,14533843,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Khan Voices,I haven't played a lot but the diplomacy and fleets battles in this game are outstanding. One main ship with support ships attatched to them make up a fleet which means less microing the smaller ships and more seeing them blow each other up. Diplomacy is based on cards/influence. You use influence to play/use/obtain cards and pretty much to actually influence things while the crads have effects like push a galatic goal you want such an economic HQ for the known races on your HW and such. Really great EA game
76561198133610769,Recommended,282590,21657202,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Richham,Good game if you like the genre . Worth a buy .
76561198013132245,Recommended,282590,26566109,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,huminado,"Please read my original review at the bottom.I'm changing my recommendation from a thumbs DOWN to UP.Note: The UI still sucks.  Beware.  If you're like me and don't play this every day, and leave the game for years to collect dust before trying it again, you are likely to forget how things work and get confused.  In this way the game tempts fate.  It's not quite as bad as I thought when I first started to try the game out, but the tutorial is required just to understand the UI (which sucks - tutorials for gameplay == ""okay"", tutorials for UI == ""redesign your UI"").Also this review has nothing to do with the community or the devs.  They may have taken my original thumbs down personally, or as an invitation to a fight, rather than trying to learn what sort of experience other people have gone through when subjected to this game.That said, the UI they did come up with attempts to work through some rather complex game mechanics such as fleet building, which is understandably challenging - and I probably won't have the hang of it until after reading many more guides.It's the game mechanics that lead me to a thumbs up for this game, because they work really well.The shortest way to describe them is ""a puzzle game like 'combine the triplets' masquerading as a space warfare game"".  The way in which the planet levels are managed plays like a combining game - find the resources needed and expose target planets to those resources to allow them to level up.  This provides the foundation of your financial economy.There are also political and research and defense economies (maybe 1 or 2 more) - and all these layers combine to make the game very compelling.  You won't know until you play it - when I first learned about how they work I was turned off by the idea - but it provides enough to wonder about while flying ships around the map that it makes it very compelling in practice, and I can see I will probably get hooked into this gameplay.The economies and technologies do go exponential fairly quickly.  Playing against several AI means some strange political races and the game suddenly has this bizarre dream-like ""I've been dressed up like a robot and I find myself on the obstacle course of the DARPA challenge surrounded by machines"" feeling.  It's not necessarily ""fun"" at that point - and it would be nice to throttle the geek-factor a bit - but your mileage may vary.So there you have it - thumbs up.  I will ignore the jerks in the forums, and if the devs can't take my advice about UX design - I will say that good gameplay trumps bad UX (at least for hardcore players).  Too bad though - I think they could have done much better.-----------------------Original Review-------------------Either I'm an idiot, or the UI for this game is horrible.  I'm completely lost with some of the interfaces, and I think it might be you have to memorize a bunch of keystroke commands from the keybindings.For example to zoom in or zoom out, you have to have those keys bound (mine are I and O for zoom in, zoom out respectively).  Or to make a ship go faster than light, I have to remember the F key.  There are no intuitive menus for some functions.It sort of sucks - if nothing else it gets in the way of learning the game quickly and getting into gameplay (which is always more interesting than getting into UI).So no -- forget it.  I don't recommend.  Yes blah blah blah greatest thing blah blah. Whatever.  Learn to write a good UI please, or don't ask for my money.Oh now I get it.  You have to generate a new tab and then select what the tab is showing from the home menu.  Well... that was not intuitive.Oh and apparently this is the 2nd time I tried to review this and the first time I gave a negative review, got the thread below and I deleted my review.  Fine."
,Recommended,282590,33468017,Posted: 11 July,all,Jesse,"Update: The newest nVidia Driver (384.94) has corrected the issue (at least it seems to have on my system. I have built, viewed, and used a ring world in a test game now without problem.)I am changing the review to positive (as it no longer needs to be an attention grabber and I truly enjoy the Fork out of this game. ;)========== Original Review Included Below for History and Refernece should anyone else need it, or wish to test that the newest driver works for them ==========WARNING! WARNING!If you use an nVidia graphics card that uses the Fermi chip, this game may become unplayable at the time you create a Ring World.I've contacted the developer about the issue but have received no reply (in all fairness, this is an older game, so he may no longer be maintaining it.) I've contacted nVidia, and they are aware of the problem, and have basically told me it's not a big enough issue for them. So if you get a game crash when you build (or view) a Ring World, and you have an nVidia graphics card, call (408) 486-2300 and ask for Josh, then tell him you have the problem with Star Ruler 2 and your nVidia graphics card.Arguably, not being able to build a Ring World can be seen as a somewhat minor issue. Especially if you don't play longer games that get to that point before being completed. However, this will also crash your game if you give your AI opponents an Privilege at creation, and they get the start with a ring world random starting advantage. Meaning you can't do that either. Also, it becomes very difficult to impossible to create enough labor in large/high diffficulty games/invassions to play to the end game/as far as possible. So for me, it feels like the game just kind of stops at the point where ringworlds become necessary.Because of this issue, and because I haven't heard back from the developer of even an acknowledgement of this issue, I am giving this game a negative review to grab the attention of potential buyers who may not be aware of the potential game-ending bug. Which is sad, because it's a really wonderful game otherwise (especially with the Wake of the Heralds DLC) and I've racked up countless hours of enjoyment before this issue crippled my ability to play it. I fully realize this may be entirely beyond the developer's ability to correct, and I certainly hold no ill-will against him. But I cannot in good conscious not warn potential buyers of the potential problem with the game either. In fact, it is my hope that at some point the develoepr, or nVidia, will correct the issue and I'll be able to update this review. However, both the develoepr and nVidia have had this problem for nearly a month now and neitehr has shown any tangible progress towards fixing the issue and as a result, I feel it necessary to provide a heads-up to future potentiial buyers of the issue.I have not been able to test the game extensively on a wide variety of video ccards, and many video cards may play the game without this issue. If you're unsure if this issue will impact your video card/system try creating a game with several AI opponents and give them all Privileges (when starting a game, click on the difficult for each opponent and check the box marked ""Privilege"") then start the game. If it doesn't crash immediately, then you most likely are ok. To double check, hit F2 and switch to each of the other empires (or enter observer mode) until find a race that started with a ringworld (it's random, not every race will receive a ring world as its Privelage). If you can see a ringworld, and zoom in/out on it, and even click it to view its planetary contents, then most likely your system does not have this bug, and you will be safe. If it crashes to your desktop immediately after the ring shows up in front of your camera, then you have the bug and may want to consider geting a refund before the 2hr/2week valve cut-off."
,Recommended,282590,34406079,Posted: 21 August,all,zammerson,"Not very good at writing reveiws so I'll make it brief, everything about it is fun, but the planet leveling mechanics and money system can sometimes be tedious, and on rare occasions your solar systems can randomly vanish."
