user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,282800,12620827,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,G O T Y E,"This is fifty percent luck, twenty percent skillTen percent concentrated power of willTen percent pleasure, ten percent pain,and 100% Orange Juice is the name of the game"
,Recommended,282800,10140497,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Tacet the Terror,"Before I say anything, 10/10. If you have ever played and liked Mario Party, Fortune Street, Dokapon Kingdom, or any real or digital board game, this game should be given great consideration.100% Orange Juice goes into the long tradition of combining characters from different series by making them all into a single card game most recently done on Steam with Card City Nights or a board game most similarly done like Fortune Street. This game decided to do both. What I really enjoy about this game is that it is basically the first of its kind on Steam. It combines many core elements from Dokapon Kingdom like combat and different stats, Fortune Street for “promotions” and board control, and Mario Party for stars and the 3 item max system (no minigames unfortunately).The main objective of this game is to get 5 normas. Normas are objectives that you need to achieve by either collecting stars or killing enemies. Once the objective is met, you need to land on an enemy orange or pass your own that you can automatically stop at even if you overroll. Each Norma will give you an additional level up star, from a start of 1, and caps at 5 for the 5th norma is victory. Higher stars mean you can use more powerful cards to help secure victory.A dice is rolled at the start of each turn. Like other games of its kind, you can also use applicable items at this time, which this game implements as cards. Each card, as mentioned earlier, does have a minimum level requirement, so overly strong cards will not come out till late game. Across the board are many spaces. Green draws a card, red fights an enemy, yellow gains stars based on roll after landing, blue drops stars based on roll after landing, purple warps to another purple, and the orange marker is each corresponding color’s base that can automatically stopped at to get a norma if it is your own or landed on for the same purpose if not your own and can be used to heal. There is also a grey space that does nothing :(.The combat in this system is really reminiscent of Dokapon Kingdom. In this game you can choose to fight whenever you pass an enemy or have to fight when another player fights you or you land on a red space. Each player only gets to do one attack and one defend each encounter. You can use applicable cards before combat if you have any that apply. During combat, the main decider of things is how high you roll for an attack and what defensive stance you take. When defending you can either defend, which will reduce the attack into their roll minus your roll with a minimum of one, or you can evade, which will completely avoid the attack only if you roll higher than the opposing roll. There are also boss battles that sometimes occur on red spaces that drop a lot of stars. If you reach 0 hitpoints, you will have to roll a dice to revive. It requries a roll of 5 or higher and then goes does by one each turn you fail. You also lose half your stars upon death and these go to the oppoment if defeated by that person.This game is a lot of fun and you should strongly consider it. The only complaint one may have is this game contains a lot of pulp. Hours upon hours of ""pulp""."
,Recommended,282800,10145002,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,dood.,"This game is 100x harder than Dark Souls 2. And 100x more anger-inducing than Mario Party.Also, it's for people who are somewhat masochistic and enjoy a constant struggle with the unstoppable force known by many as ""RNGesus"".Overall a great game to get your buddies together and♥♥♥♥♥♥them all off simulatenously. Even the CPUs give you a hard time.I love it."
,Recommended,282800,32185516,Posted: 4 June,all,TUSDarryl,"100% Orange Juice is an adorable game that successfully keeps me coming back for more whenever I get the chance to play with friends. Using dice, cards, and even turn-based combat (in a very simplistic way admittedly) this game has the full 100% of my approval, especially at its price. There is also a campaign where you can unlock more characters who, like the initial batch you get, have passive skills and their own attributes, which serves to make them more individualized.And don't even get me started on the customization, you'd be here all day. I'll just leave it at this: ""The characters are highly customizable with currency you earn in game that you can spend in the shop."" Trust me, if I go any deeper than that you'll think I'm annoying.That said, I highly recommend 100% Orange Juice for those who want a cheap game they can all play with friends, be they fans of anime or just fans of board games. Heck, even if they aren't fans of either, I think they'll like this one."
,Recommended,282800,11610757,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Awarmtoiletseat,Play with your friends and then lose your friends. 100% bully. A cruel game for mean people.
76561198043960246,Recommended,282800,12325777,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kasumi Tani,"100 PURASENTO ORANJU JUSO! is a cute and fun virtual board game.Gameplay is fun, and cute graphics definitely adds to enjoyment. Randomness plays a big role in who wins, but with proper character and card selection, you can generally tip the odds in your favor against AI (at least on normal difficulty, and except for the maps that are meant to be hard). 100% OJ also has online multiplayer with easy matchmaking, so if you don’t like playing against AI getting into a game with real people is quick and easy.Fully recommend it if you like board games or just looking for a fun casual game to play!"
,Recommended,282800,29496201,Posted: 25 January,all,Coeur,"200~ stars. Level 5, almost home, all the other players are far away from you. It's an easy win.""GG"", everyone else says in chat.You roll.1 short.Enemy panel.""Well, I'm full health, I'll be fine, so let's end this game already"", you say to yourself.A wild Seagull appears!You roll a 6.The seagull rolls a 6 in defense.The seagull gets a 5 for defense.The seagull survives easily.The seagull rolls a 6 in attack.The seagull gets a 7 for attack.No problem, you're full health, after all.You roll a 1 in defense.""LOL"", Everyone says in chat.The seagull then proceeds to destroy you, physically, emotionally, mentally, and financially.Half of your stars are gone (And half of your will to live, too).Just as you finish up wiping your tears, you proceed to see the scoreboard, naturally, with Marie Poppo in first, who robbed you as you were down, and rolled onto your home to win.This is what 100% Orange Juice is like. Do not be fooled by its cute art style and seemingly casual gameplay.This isn't a game.This is a future therapy session.I'd still recommend it. 10/10"
,Recommended,282800,16769679,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Tom,"100% Orange Juice is a goal focused board game, played with charters from other popular anime games which have been released recently.  The game has been on Steam since mid 2013 and has an estimated 150k owners.The rules of the game to begin with seem very overwhelming, dice are being rolled, characters are moving and you have no idea what is going on. I played/read the tutorial and this does help a bit to teach you the rules; but you will get more benefit out of just playing a game and learning as you go.  Each board/stage has various different squares, monster squares, pick up a card from the deck, teleport, coins, drops, and home. You roll a single D6 to move around the board. You have to complete 5 goals to win the game. The first goal that everyone starts each game with, is collect 10 coins.After you have completed this goal you then get to choose your following goals, you can continue hunting for coins, or you can switch to try kill a certain amount of monsters or players. My personal preference was to go for killing players as also drop goal too, meaning I could swap between the two goals to keep them as easy to accomplish as possible.The graphics are generic anime style; although I watch a grand zero amount of anime, the art style does appeal to me. The cute sprites and levels are really colourful and are pleasing on the eye.I did struggle for the first few stages of the game with the difficulty; but this was probably because I was still learning the rules, but once you pass the second level you should be plain sailing, I would recommend you play the game on the highest speed setting as some stages can go on for upwards of 40+ turns.I finished the single player campaign with one character in just under four hours. Most of the gameplay and content for this game is to be found in the multiplayer mode; sadly I didn't see the option for a local multiplayer but you can certainly connect with friends online to play a round.I can happily recommend 100% Orange Juice; it will have a home in some people's libraries if they are a fan of board games, it is not a fast paced game so some people may not like it; but if you want an evening of sitting back in your chair rolling dice over a cute little board game, 100% Orange Juice will easily quench your thirst (I'm sorry for that horrible pun!)If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/282800"
76561198031779243,Recommended,282800,12369235,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Babykohr,"I have finally completed this game. It is so basic - really so easy. Random luck and simple mathematics! The campaigns can be a bit hectic but loads of fun. The online rooms with random people make it a blast. It did take me quite awhile to finish the achievements and I really wanted to pull my hair out sometimes..lol  If you are just kicking back relaxing I would give this game a huge yes. Concentration is not a must so you can watch tv, talk on phone,eat, and never really miss a beat."
,Recommended,282800,31824974,Posted: 18 May,all,Silver Fox,"I have spent too much time in this game, but the fact that they are still updating a nearly 8 year old game to this day makes it pretty special."
,Recommended,282800,13620009,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gold,100% Bullcrap RNG JuiceIt's everything I didn't know I wanted. I love it just as much as I hate it.10/10
,Recommended,282800,32744945,Posted: 24 June,all,GOZEELA_BiS,I've never wanted to hurt little anime children so much in my life.
,Recommended,282800,13970020,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Lune,I've cut off my pet rabbit's foot just to be able to defeat a seagull in a dice roll
,Recommended,282800,11368296,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Excal,The Japanese version of Dark Souls. [Poppo Intensifies].10/10 kawaii board game.
,Recommended,282800,32330122,Posted: 10 June,all,Chrismas95,"100% Orange Juice is a curious case. To put it simply, if you think games mostly determined by RNG aren't fun, unfortunately I don't think this is the game for you. Your movement is determined by a dice roll and, while this is actually mitigated somewhat well by most maps having lots of forks in the road to choose from, it's still a factor. The dice mostly come in with battles, where your attack, defense, and evasion (you either take none of the damage or all of it if you choose to evade) are all determined by the dice. Once again, this is somewhat mitigated by a whole host of characters having different stats that add or subtract to the die roll (for example, if you don't like dying, maybe a character with + Defense is preferrable). However, untimately, there are six numbers you can get that are out of your control.Lots of other reviews say that this game is entirely RNG (either in jest or frustration), but I disagree. Of course, I already mentioned how you can choose direction and character, but there's a general awareness of the game that can give you an edge. Knowing who to fight and when to do it is important. Taking gambles to go a possible unoptimal route play a part. And, of course, the cards (1/4 of which you choose to put into the deck alongside the other players) are huge in determining the outcome of certain scenarios.And, while a good chunk of the game is based on RNG, I don't think that's entirely a bad thing. The RNG makes the game fun. You don't have to play it too seriously and get mad when you're losing because it can be blamed on the RNG a good amount of the time. Plus, it's a great game to turn your brain off to and just play for the reason. I've enjoyed playing this game online on the side while watching streams, for example. And the battles being influenced by RNG plus some potential ""trump cards"" means the tide of the game can turn very quickly when the person in the lead loses a battle and thus half of their stars. Plays like that are what make 100% Orange Juice as fun as it is.I think the only thing I have to complain about this game is unlocking characters (and stages/cards, but moreso characters). You get one free character at the beginning of the game, then to unlock the rest of the non-DLC characters, you have to play through that story campaign and some change (or beating all of it for one). This is a multiplayer game at heart, and I've had a good chunk of friends who have been reluctant to play the story mode because AI isn't as fun and it takes time despite being stuck with only one character. It's made less of a drag if you use Shift to SUPERSPEED the game, though, so it could easily be much worse without knowing this. But once that hurdle's over, the game's diversity really shines. Each character has their own unique gimmick or twist, and only a handful are considered weaker or more powerful than the others. And I don't believe 100% Orange Juice suffers from Pay 2 Win despite how many characters there are to buy. The characters that I think are some of the strongest come with the game.So, overall, if you're planning to get this game, be advised that it's rather RNG-dependant and you have to do single player to unlock characters. If those don't sound like problems, then I really can't recommend it enough. It's silly fun down to its core, and it's filled to the brim with characters, stages, cards, customization options, and updates from the developers despite looking like it's just a simple Flash Browser game on the surface."
76561198072614129,Recommended,282800,13195861,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Rustfeather,"I promised myself that I would review this once my playtime hits 300 hours....I have no excuse.I don't even know what I used to play before.Sometimes I think that my life would be easier without 100% OJ.But then I look at my 30 or so new friends I would have never met without it, all the other Orange Juice games I would have never played without it and all the awesome achievements I would have never got without it.And I realize that I don't even care~~10/10RNG help us allEdit: 1300 hours.Still got no excuse.Edit 2: Hime <3"
,Recommended,282800,10894652,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hocksmonovits,Rolling a one on recovery.Rolling a two on recovery.Rolling a one on recovery.Rolling a one on recovery.Rolling a one on evade.Rolling a one on recovery.Rolling a one on recovery.
,Recommended,282800,26240699,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Diegoristツ,25% Lucky test25%  Mario Party25% Kawaii25% RPG and competitive100% ORANGE JUICE
,Recommended,282800,14873215,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Tunloink,"When your mom tells you to go get the 100% Orange Juice out of the fridge in the morning to prepare for breakfast,this is what she means."
,Not Recommended,282800,10294336,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,[是義一番] Zegichiban,"Fun and cute, but at times seems more rigged then mario party or north korean elections."
,Recommended,282800,34471772,Posted: 24 August,all,DH | Gyro,You will be amazed at how many ways RNG can screw you over in a single match
,Recommended,282800,18584383,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,huu,"Check out my ""Should You Play?"" episode on 100% Orange Juice here!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2FFe4oe01oShort review. Too lazy to write a long one.Pros:+Short, simple & ""easy to wrap your head around"" campaign story+Addicting gameplay, albeit a bit slow paced+Great soundtrack+Appealing visuals+Great characters+Insanely friendly & fun community+Well done multiplayer leveling systemCons:-Completely dependant on RNG-Campaign Mode is infuriatingly hard due to cheating AI (even on the easiest difficulties)-Characters are unlocked by playing the infuriating campaign-Misleading unlocks (sometimes the game will make it seem like you unlocked a new character, when you actually unlocked a new color for that character, not the character itself)-DLC achievementsOverallVery well worth the purchase. I bought this for full price, mind you & I'm not regretting any penny that I spent on this game. Yes, the campaign is super infuriating and got me to rage multiple times because I had literally lost to the AI 22 times in a row on ""Casual"" diff, but then I have way too much fun in multiplayer to really care. One thing that bugs me though is the fact that this game has exclusive achievements for DLC characters. Guess I'm never gonna get all 80+ achievements on this game...100% Orange Juice gets a score of:7.2/10.0""With an infuriating campaign & confusing unlock system, I would've called this game trash. But with the above mentioned pros, I really don't get bothered by the cons anymore."""
,Recommended,282800,24226440,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jay,"I'm not sure about this game.Actually I've played this game plenty and I have plenty of thoughts, I'm not exactly sure what to say about the game.There are plenty of reviews that go over basic mechanics and there are many more reviews that are just poking fun at the inevitable random number generator and the luck that goes into such a game. Or something about pudding/Poppo and trying to be funny.So I guess I'll be giving my thoughts on the ingame community and some of the things about this game that some players tend to overlook. If you have any other concerns about the game before purchasing it, you can message myself or other players in the forums if you can't find an answer.I have never opened or participated in a private lobby in this game, lobbies can hold four players and up to four spectators. I mention this because there have been some concerns and complaints about too many private lobbies. It's true, this game from the outside, you can't imagine that this game being very popular or populated after a couple of weeks or so. 100% Orange Juice has players on everyday, whether they be some of the more dedicated players or a bunch of newer players. At certain times there can be a lack of players for a game, as you wait, or it might seem that there are only private lobbies. That's just the nature of having such a playerbase, there are players on at different time zones and it can be difficult to get a game started. However in a public game, you can join midgame if there is a spot open and the host is willing to let you join in. After I bought this game I would've been concerned about the game's population, but now I think the game holds a very niche playerbase that keeps itself alive. Also evidenced by the numerous updates the game gets and DLC, players start to flock back to the game if they go on an extended break. I would not be concerned about the lack of games, unlike Orange_Juice's other game on Steam 200% Mixed Juice, this game has plenty of replayablity and players. If you don't see that many games you may be playing at a bad time, like at 3AM somewhere.This is only about my in-game experience, as I have barely ventured into the Steam forums for this game, but from a distance I can tell there are discussions about balance, changes, and answering questions. The players I have met through 100% Orange Juice have almost always been nice. I've played many online games, off and on Steam, but 100% Orange Juice has one of the nicest community of players. From players being playing around like complete idiots, some serious ones, quiet types. You guys have put a smile on my face and I can never get stressed out playing Orange Juice when I play with such players. I can count on one hand the number of players I have disliked, and I'm hoping it was just a bad day for them. Players are really helpful, I try to answer any question as a player/spectator, when someone asks a question. That's not to say there won't be games where no one types a sentence to anybody except for the endgame, ""gg"", I am guilty of this myself. Sometimes I can't find anything to talk about or I'm really tired. All in all, it's the players that makes me play this game over and over. You can play with your friends in a private lobby, if you purchase the 4 pack, and that's fine too.That being said, I can see the stress test for some players. Being completely serious, not poking fun like some of the other reviews, this game can and will pull off some of the incrediously odds in situations even after playing the game so often, I still have to take a deep breath. If you are someone who might be turned off because you like strategy and don't like luck playing too much of a factor, just hold on. For some players this seems like luck plays such a big factor, I can't argue that. Over a couple of frustrating months, I've learned to cope with the bad luck. I'm pretty observant of the luck that goes against anybody, but I won't go off on anybody for taking me down. This game has literally taught me to accept misfortune and be stronger for it, to do better inspite of your bad luck. I usually poke fun at my own demise, if I have anything to say about an unfortunate luck.In multiplayer, no matter how much strategy you think you have, luck will come into effect. Some players might have more experience/levels but anybody can beat anybody and that's a good thing. You are no better than any other player if you decide to win with a mob character or otherwise. If you are strictly looking for a strategy boardgame I would look elsewhere. That isn't to say there is no strategy in the game. There is plenty of strategy, that often gets overlooked amid the complaints of rolling the only number that would've gotten you knocked out. Choosing the right moment to play a card, to keep opponents guessing about cards, choosing paths, building a deck and many more.But if you aren't put off by that, there might be a few more concerns. The pacing of the game comes in 4 speeds, (1,2,3,4). When I first played this game, I purchased this for 3 other friends and I created a room at 2/3 speed with just 1 other friend. I kept the room public, and someone joined the match (it's been a very long time I don't remember who you are), and they joined us. They mentioned not many players play at such a speed and wondered why, I told the person that we were new and had almost little to no experience with any of the cards and effects. We were helped along, and after a few hours I played strictly on speed 4. To newer players this may seem very intimidating, especially if a lobby goes along smoothly, playing cards quickly and paying attention to the game (and not occupying their 60 seconds with something else). After my first hundred hours I sometimes wonder if the game could be justa little faster. I enjoy how quickly games can go though, the longest game I've ever played was an hour+ with the worst field events on a map that punished every player for coming close to a base. On average games can last around 20-30 minutes, though I have had stretches where games end in 10 minutes or so.If you are just getting started, you may want to familiarize yourself with the game through single player. 100% Orange Juice has been updated to give another difficulty option which I haven't bothered to touch, but the single player experience as evidenced by many other reviewers, can be very unforgiving. It's unfortunate that you need to play through single player just to unlock the rest of the characters, outside of the mobs/boss characters. Though I guess it's a way to get players to know the characters and some cards. The story is throwaway for the most part, it's cute, but don't look for intense character building, deep story etc.Over time, you start developing a better understanding of the mechanics of the game. There are a lot of different interactions that can happen, and other players can help you along the way if you're new. Just ask, it's press enter for the text box, if you didn't know in lobbies. Field events keep every game different and chaos can happen very quickly.A lot of players like the music and themes the characters are given, Personally I like the themes, but after my 200th hour, I muted the game, to put my own music on. I do on occasion like to put the music back on at times, which can be accessed through options.Would I recommend this game? Yes, I want to play with so many other players. Every time I login to Orange Juice, I play with 1 new face at least. I'd avoid this game if you are, again, strictly looking for a hardcore strategy boardgame or a RPG type boardgame. I've always wished there was another boardgame like Dokapon Kingdom, but this is a great casual game  that I've enjoyed for the past 2 years. Even if you are just getting into the Orange Juice series of games, this would be one of the better ones to start with, as there's plenty of replayability."
,Recommended,282800,10982826,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Super highschool level normie,I hate Marie Poppo. Buy this game so you can hate Marie Poppo too.
76561198065063635,Recommended,282800,31893839,Posted: 21 May,all,Jamesarino Pastarino,the dark souls of monopoly
,Not Recommended,282800,10192091,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,x2Madda,"This game is fun, really really fun and I want to recommend it!But most people who read this review will probably play in single player and that is why I can't recommend the game.It is a party game at heart and while it does entertain online play, if you play in single player the AI has loaded dice.This makes singleplayer unfairly fustrating.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""THAT AI DUDE THAT SON OF A ♥♥♥♥♥ I WILL CUT HIM""Multiplayer is a hoot and if you are the kind of person who has friends to play this with then you will have a lot of fun.If you prefer the single player experience then this game can be fun but know in advance that the AI is cheating its dice rolls.'Update 1.7 *Casual difficulty gives all CPU characters regular rolls, considerably lowering the difficulty. Note: does not unlock campaign Achievements.'Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
,Recommended,282800,34983754,Posted: 15 September,all,shin // 신,help
76561198009714231,Recommended,282800,32828597,Posted: 26 June,all,ColleyFlour,This game is salty to the EXTREME!!!! But if you have a group of friends to play with and a love for the anime art style this is a rage inducing but hilarious and fun board game to play with your friends.
,Recommended,282800,31958775,Posted: 25 May,all,WG | ๖Zavinus ❤,Fun and simple.
76561198041776551,Recommended,282800,27376126,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Best Pom,"100% Orange juice is a game about putting salt in the wounds and rubbing lemon on it, it hurts yeah, but in the end you will get stronger for it, this is how it feels to play this game."
,Recommended,282800,15976053,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Gweebis,"I've been addicted to this game and have been playing it nonstop over the past few weeks. With that in mind, I was compelled to write a review for it.100% Orange Juice is a board game with characters from a number of Orange_Juice's other games like Suguri, QP Shooting, and Flying Red Barrel. It's a luck-based dice-rolling mayhem that's as entertaining as it is frustrating.Pros:+ The art style is cute and makes for nice visuals, and there are some catchy tunes to go with it.+ The characters have different attributes and hyper cards that make the game fun and unique.+ The DLC/bonus characters have their own little niche yet do not make the game pay to win.+ Playing online is quick and easy and doesn't have very many problems. Disconnects happen, but they're rare.Cons:- It's heavily RNG based. Everything runs on dice rolls - from collecting stars to attacking opponents - which means that very little skill is involved. This will be a turnoff for some, but it also makes for very entertaining matches.- Some rolls are rigged. This only applies to Tomomo's rolls in the last part of the campaign (where she is more likely to get 5's and 6's), but it is still a pain. Getting through the last chapters of the campaign (and Tomomo Hell) takes a long time as it is hard to defend against Tomomo's attacks or stop her from winning.- The game is hard to pick up. You'll probably want to read the guide first before actually playing as you're thrown into the game without being told what happens. This is a rather big flaw, but, if you're able to look past it, you can enjoy the game.TL;DR100% Orange Juice has some flaws, but it's still worth getting if you've been wanting to play a fun board game with friends. If you don't like RNG-based games, then... this game is not for you."
76561198069840263,Recommended,282800,17817805,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,transvestite from Transsexual,I want to play in this game! But nobody wants to play with me! T_T
,Recommended,282800,33008520,Posted: 29 June,all,Hornet 41,"Cheap, fun, RNG heavy, never gets old.450+ hours and still going strong.Absolutely recommended"
,Recommended,282800,25664459,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Majestikit,"A true game for men. Only intended for the non-sensitive.  Expect to be hit with stressful moments and cruel difficulty. People looking for a game with a bad narrative, lore, and difficulty, and relaxing gameplay should look at the Dark Souls series."
,Recommended,282800,18482571,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Myotirious Latine,"100% Orange JuiceShort Review VersionWhat is 100% Orange Juice?100%  Orange juice is a board game, despite the name. Yes its weird but considering what else this company have been pumping out the name does not come out as a surprise. Anyways back to the review.100% Orange Juice is a boardgame that decided dice are not being used enough and that RNG is fun therefor it has decided to combine those two in an unholy union. What this means is in the game you can go from no.1 with only 10 more stars needed and 1 block away from home only to have your game character get teleported to somewhere else to the map most likely right in front of your opponent eager to destroy you. Or that you activated the booster card so you can roll 2 dice at once only for the dice to be 1 1 respectively.Since this is a boardgame lets go with the gameplay first.Gameplay~If there is a word for this game it is fun. On the chaotic scale. Here is the breakdown:Choose Map>Choose Character>Choose Card>Play>Win/Lose>Get Stars/Level Up>Buy Stuff>RepeatYou can choose from a lot of map each with different pattern and different booster locations, once you choose your map you can then play it without modifier for a vanilla but boring experience or turn on a maximum of 3 modifier each with their own unique effect such as teleport, random damage, and even landmine the map.Now onto the choose character screen. Now one thing I must mention is that there are a lot of character each with different stats but you start the game off with only a few with the rest requiring you to clear their story mode. Its not hard but does take some time. Once you choose your character you pick 10 different cards with different effects that will be shuffled into a deck along with all other player card choices then you are thrown into the map for gameplay with turn order being randomly decided.As for the play itself it is rather simple. You collect a required amount of star or beat up a require number of people then roll dice to get back home to level up. Repeat 5 time with increasing number of star/defeated foe and you win the game but it is not that simple since other player also wants to win the game and the RNG cannot be appease.Which is to say that you will most likely land on a trap card, get defeated by your opponent who have buffed themselves only 1 tile away from your home, landed on a suddenly appearing boss tile that will most definitely defeat you, or the classic old case of you losing to a chicken opponent after having landed on a encounter tile.When you stumble on a opponent you can choose to end your turn and fight them along with whatever tile they are currently standing on. The way battles are decided is that if any player have buff/debuff card you play that first then the attacker proceed to get first turn at attack by rolling a dice. The defender can then choose to reduce the damage by rolling defence or try to completely negate the damage by evading but failure will make them suffer the full damage without reduction. The character stats modifies the final roll. Once a player is KO or both player have attack the battle is dismiss. If you KO the enemy plus you get half of their total coin amount and if you get KO you must diceroll a number that either matches or exceed the one display or screen with failure to revive cause you to lose a turn but the required diceroll for revive will be reduce by 1. Do note battle can be use tactically such as battling the opponent at their home base so you will stop and level up there but if you happen to challenge them while they are on a boss tile the good luck my friend.This continues with player using cards, hyper cards that are unique to each character with profound effects, laying traps, and beating/collecting star until you reach star level 6 which will make you the winner of the match.Once the match is over the total points are calculated and exp/star are given to every player with exp unlocking stuff at the shop and star used to purchase stuff [cards, character, hair colour] at the shops. Then you can either repeat again or find another lobby to play in.Overall the experience is very enjoyable with the match being rather fast paced and minimum interaction needed but if you play with friends like what I did you can have an even more enjoyable time trash talking each other and generally doing stuff friends would do. The randomness of every match means that the game gets bored rather slowly but with more boards and character DLC that were release it does shake up the overall game a little bit more.Also despite being a multiplayer focus game it does have bots so you don't have to worry about empty lobbies since you can just invite 1 friend and start immediately. They can be a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ though.Option Menu & ControlsOrange Juice custome engine support a rather bare bone option menu.It has the bare essential of resolution support, sound control, fullscreen option and a few other minor things.No disability option here sadly. And yes it runs at 60 fps in case you ever needed this info.The game plays entirely using the mouse with the keyboard only use if you ever want to chat. So its 1 handed friendly and with the sound cue that plays when its your turn you can minimize the game and do a little work while you wait your turn. Not recommended though.SoundEach character has their own theme song that plays whenever you level up and they are pretty good while the overall sound direction itself has neither pro nor con. You can always mute it and play your own song if you want.GraphicsIts 2D animate sprite that bounces with a bare minimal animated background. What you see is what you get.ConclusionA fun little boardgame that does well with its focus on RNG being the factor on everything. Good game length and fun with friends plus it really has a solid gameplay means you can pick and play it with friends at your leisure. In fact I actually manage to clock 23 hours into this game without realizing it and that is value enough for me.Scoring Methology:-	S-Rank: excellent-	A-Rank: very good-	B-Rank: solid-	C-Rank: satisfactory-	D-Rank: inferiorVerdict: A-Rank - A very good boardgame.Credit:Thanks to meatking and smmoke for your help!No drama,Just Reviewshttp://store.steampowered.com/app/282800/"
,Recommended,282800,30500515,Posted: 13 March,all,Cyren Velsoul,"Ever wanted to slowly lose your life as you spiral away into the depths of hell only to be faced with the personification of death?Then I have the game for you.Watch as you lose your friends, family, and life to this highly-addictive strategy game that's also anywhere between 10% to 100% luck at any given turn.It'll all be worth it though, because you can unlock and buy a whole cast of sweet anime babes (Looking at you Robo-ball) to distract you from your misery.The community is great for the most part, I've never found an online lobby I haven't hated, and your friends list will quickly fill up with people you meet from the game.This is one of my favourite game and becuase of how fast paced and varied the multiplayer is, this game is infinitely replayable in my opinion."
76561198095148885,Recommended,282800,26212278,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Bones,"Orange juice, as you can probably guess, is the juice squeezed from the popular and delicious citrus fruit, oranges. It is widely considered one of the healthiest beverages because of its wide range of health benefits, which include its ability to boost immune system function, reduce signs of aging, protect against cancer, boost cellular repair and metabolism, detoxify the body, improve circulation, improves blood pressure, reduces inflammation, and lowers cholesterol levels.Oranges have been a staple of eating healthy for thousands of years, and the fruit probably originated somewhere in Southeast Asia. Historical records of oranges date back as far as China, more than 4,500 years ago. It is one of the most popular citrus fruits, and its scientific name is Citrus sinensis. There are a number of different orange varieties, but this is the sweet orange, the most popular and commonly eaten variety. This provides some of the most delicious types of orange juice, although there are some people who prefer the juice from blood oranges, mandarin oranges, or even bitter oranges. The orange juice can be just as beneficial as eating the fruit whole, provided it is 100% natural, and is not loaded with preservatives, additives, and sugar. The closest thing to eating an orange would be drinking a glass of unpasteurized, freshly squeezed orange juice. The skin and pulp in oranges do have considerable health benefits, but you can get most of the most unusual nutrients and beneficial components out of orange juice in this way.Avoid frozen orange juice, canned orange juice, or concentrate, because with all of the processing, you lose a considerable amount of the natural goodness, and producers often turn to adding chemicals to the juice to replenish some of the lost nutritive value. Go natural and make sure you are getting all of the benefits of this miraculous and delicious fruit juice! All of the impressive health benefits of orange juice can be attributed to its nutritive content, as well as vitamins and minerals including vitamin C, vitamin A, thiamin, folate, potassium, fiber, proteins, copper, magnesium, flavonoids, hesperidin, and a variety of other trace vitamins and minerals that make it one of the most valuable and nutrient-packed fruit available. In terms of calories, orange juice has 47 calories in a serving of 100ml. Let’s explore the health benefits of this fruit juice in more detail below.Immune System: Oranges and orange juice have long been known as a powerhouse of healing properties, and one of the richest sources of vitamin-C that you can add to a diet. A single service of orange juice has more than 200% of the vitamin C requirement of the body. Vitamin C, also known as ascorbic acid, functions as a primary antioxidant in the body, and it destroys or neutralizes free radicals before they can do damage to the body’s systems. Our bodies need vitamin C to stimulate other aspects of our immune system as well. Furthermore, ascorbic acid is one of the fundamental components of collagen, which is necessary to repair cells and for the growth of new tissues in the body.Cancer Prevention: As mentioned, vitamin C works as an antioxidant, and one of the most important functions of antioxidants is to prevent cancer. Antioxidants keep the DNA of healthy cells from mutating into cancerous cells, so antioxidants like vitamin C are the first line of defense for cancer and other serious diseases. Along with vitamin C, orange juice also contains the antioxidant hesperidin, which has been connected to reducing tumor growth and even stimulating apoptosis, or programmed cell death, in cancerous cells. Although research is ongoing, it has positively been linked to colon cancer prevention, but it is likely that hesperidin is effective in terms of many types of cancer.Detoxifying Properties: Along with vitamin C, orange juice is also very high in vitamin A, which acts as a moderate antioxidant. Beyond that, it detoxifies the body by increasing the function of the kidneys. Vitamin A has long been connected to eye health, and adding enough vitamin A to your diet can also boost your ability to see at night, as well as macular degeneration. A single cup serving of orange juice has nearly 50% of the daily required intake of that precious vitamin.Blood Circulation and Creation: There is another very powerful aspect of oranges and orange juice, its folate content. Folate is a member of the B complex, technically it is vitamin B9. This important vitamin is essential in the creation of DNA and the growth of new cells. Folate also keeps cells safe from mutation, which is one of the ways that free radicals damage the body. Furthermore, folate plays a role in building new red blood cells, as well as stimulating the flow of blood to the extremities. This means that the organ systems are well-oxygenated and are working at full capacity. This supports the overall metabolism of the body and the functioning of all the systems, making them more efficient. Inflammation: Citrus fruits are commonly considered anti-inflammatory agents, and orange juice is no exception. High sugar and high fat meals can lead to inflammation of various body parts, and this, in turn, can lead to the development of increased insulin resistance. This is one of the major underlying causes of type 2 diabetes and atherosclerosis. Studies have shown that orange juice can inhibit this insulin resistance by reducing inflammation, thereby protecting the heart and guaranteeing overall cardiovascular protection. Also, being able to reduce the chances of developing diabetes is a major bonus of this property of orange juice.Blood Pressure: As mentioned earlier, hesperidin is an antioxidant, which means that it protects the body against disease and cancer, but this water-soluble plant compound also impacts the activity and functioning of small blood vessels. This can have a major impact on blood pressure as a whole, and research has connected this powerful antioxidant to a reduction in overall blood pressure and a decreased chance of cardiovascular diseases.Cholesterol Balance: High cholesterol is one of the most dangerous causes of cardiovascular disease, so any way to reduce the cholesterol in your body is worth trying. Orange juice has been shown to reduce the presence and effects of “bad” cholesterol, why increasing the amount of “good” cholesterol in the body. This is a relatively recent advance in the study of citrus fruits, so while the exact mechanism behind this advantageous property is unknown, a great deal of research is being done to figure it out! This property means that the chances of atherosclerosis, heart attacks, and strokes were reduced.A Few Words of Warning: It may seem like a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice is the best thing you can add to your diet, and in most cases, that is true. However, having too much of a good thing can be dangerous. Orange juice, like the juice of most citrus fruits, is quite acidic, so too much acidic liquid in the body can upset the stomach. Furthermore, since oranges do have a relatively high glycemic load, drinking a lot at once can cause massive fluctuations in your blood sugar levels, which can lead to varying energy levels throughout the day, and can lead to complications for diabetic or pre-diabetic patients. Finally, if you want the complete benefit of oranges, avoid orange juice and eat the orange itself. That is the only way to get a good amount of fiber to boost your digestion; orange juice has almost no fiber.Besides those few warnings, drink to your heart’s content; orange juice is the perfect way to feel refreshed and get your body on track to perfect health!"
76561198056322741,Recommended,282800,30624605,Posted: 19 March,all,Squishlet,Grab some buds and get ready to hate everythingYou think you have good luck?This game will change that and beat you to the groundmake you miserableand question your existence10outta10Would recommend
76561198046580082,Recommended,282800,22631829,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Lord Ilpalazzo,"The Ten Commandments of 100% orange juice:1: Thou shalt not expect good rolls2: Thou shalt not expect to win.3: Beware of Jonathan4: Don't try to fight or flee from Poppo, she will get you5: Even from across the map, Poppo will get you6: Stars are fragile, Kills are forever7: When you kill, kill in person and not by effect.8: Defend on high rolls, even though you will die9: Evade on low rolls, even though you will die10: When Poppo intensifies, gg"
,Recommended,282800,33718570,Posted: 22 July,all,Red ✠,"This is the greatest game I have ever played in my life. Timothy 4:4 says: ""For everything created by God is good, and nothing is to be rejected if it is received with gratitude"" and indeed, the dear Lord hath surely blessed us with oranges and therefore Orange Juice. Atleast 75% of the characters are lolis, which shows the developers are ascended super humans such as myself. Think of how much money you would have to spend on a meatspace girlfriend/wife in the long run compared to the 7 dollars you'd have to spend on 100% OJ (even less if it's on sale). They're also much cuter, don't age and won't get you arrested. As for the gameplay, it is truly masterfully crafted. There is surely no feeling like rolling only ones and twos the entire match and remembering you are insignificant in the universe and God has no plans for you. The cards add a strategic depth to the game that is so unparalleled it requires an IQ of 200+ to fully grasp. Indeed, the gameplay is so deep that to simpler minds it seems to be entirely random. Due to the games ability to fully stimulate both your soul and your mind, I heartily recommend this game to all Christians & lolicons who realize why 2D will always be superior to 3D.In conclusion,Train, say your prayers, eat your vitamins, be true to yourself, be true to your waifu, and be a real American."
,Recommended,282800,27296627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Katsu,"If you like board games and bullying your friends, then this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,282800,34137350,Posted: 9 August,all,Duck,"Candyland with waifus,May contain salt."
76561198070264638,Recommended,282800,30499458,Posted: 13 March,all,Plaidsheep,After 600+ hours in this game I'd definitely say it has replay value and would recommend it. Also theres chibi waifus and gulls that kick your♥♥♥♥♥.. whats not to love. ♥
,Recommended,282800,32862810,Posted: 27 June,all,All the Bees in China,Many games like this loose there enjoyability after a short time.  This game however is still going strong.  their is no better proof of quality that staying power.
,Recommended,282800,12653693,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,LemonKush,100% Orange Juice is a pretty basic game but not all that bad. The game lacks features but overall it was not a waste of my money. I find that the game is most enjoyable with friends. Playing against bots all day and with limited features causes the game to get repetitive while playing alone.My recommendation: Yes but only if your playing with friends.
,Recommended,282800,19363308,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Tooru,"Under the guise of a cute girls murder simulator ruled by RNG, 100% Orange Juice is actually a surprisingly deep piece of educational software that everyone should play. In fact, all you mums and dads out there should encourage your kids to do the same. At gunpoint if necessary.Some people will tell you anything's possible if you just try hard enough, chase your dreams and never give up. More often than not, these are rich dipsh*ts who were born to wealthy parents and never knew a day's work in their life and have their heads so far up their arses whenever they break wind the gas gets stuck in their esophagus instead.100% OJ proves them wrong. Oh so wrong. Sometimes, no matter how hard you try, no matter how much of your very being you put into something, no matter how much you pray to your deity of choice, you will roll a 1 when 2 or better would suffice. 100% teaches you about failure and how everyone around you is out to get you. You will suffer. You will cry. You will curse this world and everything in it. You will wish harm upon your fellow man. You will become a horrible person. But you will also learn to handle everything life will throw at your miserable existence. And maybe, just maybe, one day one of those rich muppets will cut you off in traffic in their expensive cars... and you will have a x16 Big Rocket in your hand.Best 7€ I've ever spent.PS: Don't buy this if you own a gun."
,Recommended,282800,14270586,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Afghmn,"As long as poppo doesn't intensify, you'll be fine."
,Recommended,282800,34383342,Posted: 20 August,all,engi,"i like this game cause everything cute, playing with friends is fun, i hope to play forever with them"
,Recommended,282800,11776616,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,ShadioBM,Amazing game & Amazing Soundtrack
,Recommended,282800,20873498,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Celtic7Guardian,"This game already has tons of positive reviews and hardly needs mine to be shown as a success. But I've sunk over 400 hours into it and I'm sure many, many more will come in the future. As such, I feel obligated to give another thumbs up here. Plus, I just want to talk about how much I enjoy it.100% Orange Juice is a mash-up of several Orange Juice game characters in a board game setting, along with a couple of made-for-this-game ones. Before playing this, I only knew of Sora, and only because I had heard the soundtrack from her game. So this is coming from someone who was totally exposed to Orange Juice games because of this one.You can get this for single player use. Campaign modes exist, five in all, and if I were to get the game just to play those, I would consider it a worthwhile purchase. That being said, campaign mode severely suffers for one major reason: the AI cheats. I don't mean that in an ""I get so unlucky that it feels like they're always doing well"" way. The game's code has shown that difficulty levels going up causes it to be more likely that the AI will get the rolls they need. This is artificial difficulty at its finest, and if that was not a part of this game, I would have nothing else to complain about.However, multiplayer is where 100% Orange Juice shines. There the luck is truly random (no matter how you might feel otherwise), both for players and any AI you have filling in the slots. Lag is almost nonexistant from my experiences, and it is very easy to link up with friends to play. There is a lot of hilarity to be had, and I have gotten so many hours put into this game simply because it is so much fun with other players.There are a variety of boards, almost all of which are fun for different reasons (I loathe Farm, but that's the only exception for me). The cards used in the game are of a good variety, and since each player contributes ten cards, it makes for a good mix. Most impressive is the character balance. Yes, there are tier debates, and yes, some characters are simply better in some ways than others. But overall, it is a game where you can win with any character, with all of them having their own strengths, weaknesses, and powers.DLCs usually give more characters, with one giving more cards. DLCs tend to be a pain in the rear end for most games. Here, I like them. They are not expensive at all, the characters given are great, and it shows how the developers are still helping the game evolve. They are released at wonderful intervals, waiting just long enough so players can go, ""Okay, I've had a lot of fun with these characters. Are there any more coming? I'm ready to try someone else."" Falling back on old favorites is enjoyable too. I personally use Saki, Krila, and Alte as my top three, and while I love playing with new characters, it feels great to go back to them as well.Speaking of the developers, they are constantly working to improve this game. When balance issues are brought up, they work to make small changes that keep the characters closer in varying strengths to one another. They release new maps as free content. They give out holiday specials that you can earn simply through playing. Their other games have bonus characters that are not necessary for here, but really nice for those who support said games. And perhaps most importantly, the developers are constantly asking how to improve 100% Orange Juice, and watching the discussions to weigh in when needed. This type of devotion is something a lot more games could use, and it really shines here.As this is a Steam game, I feel obligated to remark on achievements and trading cards. The achievements are, for the most part, reasonable and fun to collect. The ones that were frustrating have been toned down by the developers, which I think is a wise move. The trading cards are quite cute. I cashed them in for a badge and have enjoyed the wallpaper and emoticon I got as a result.To wrap up, here are some various comments. The art is adorable and the sprites are great. The music is fantastic (for the most part; I still am a bit meh on three or so character themes, but out of the vast number of characters, that is a very small amount). The methods of winning make for a fun mix. The learning curve is very nice; I played one game and then knew enough to go through the rest of the game. I have never experienced any glitches with it. The price is ridiculously cheap for how good it is, and getting it on sale makes it an absolute steal. It does come in bundles, but I wouldn't bother waiting for those if you want it, unless you are particularly stingy or uncertain if it is your type of game.So yes. I highly recommend 100% Orange Juice. If anyone wants to have a game, I'll be around and ready to play!"
,Recommended,282800,25356800,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mikie ŌvŌ Owl,"Yes I know, it looks like a kids game but some how, some way, it got me hooked.Ridiculously addictive game with the friendliest online community you're likely to find."
,Recommended,282800,22820999,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,● NoodleCDS,"The price is fake. You pay not with cash, but with your soul."
,Recommended,282800,13966070,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bunni❤,"You kill your friendThey kill youYou get rekted by a bossYour friend rekts you againThey take your money, AND YOUR WIFERoll the dice, sikeRoll the dice again, fooled you againOkay maybe this time, nope.A bird rekts you. A bird? The bird takes your wife. A bird?Just bounce like a bunny across the board, do the bunny hop.Everything is so cute, so there is no point in getting angry.10/10"
,Recommended,282800,15832350,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ThighHighs,Freaking rigged
,Recommended,282800,31801052,Posted: 17 May,all,Piemur1,"You know Mario Party? Well, this isn't that game. But it is quite similar. (Just no aggravating minigames). This is 100% Orange Juice, and is a Party game. You don't really want to play against the CPU (they cheat).This is a game where 4 players playing as varied cute chibis battle to get to level 6 before anyone else. How you get there can change as the situation warrents it. You can go the pacifist mode and gather stars and reach a base panel as quickly as you can without losing your hoard. You can go the battle route and collect wins to fulfill your goals. You can pick off your fellow players and steal their stars. You can use cards and blow everything away. Absolute Chaos FTW!This is a very interesting game that is very well balanced because everything ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING is based on a roll from a D6 (a six-sided die) and each character has modifiers that can change these rolls. However, no one character is overpowered. The way they're balanced is that they can only nudge the rolls one way or another based on their overall character traits. However, even 1 or a 2 modifier is immensely powerful considering rolls are only 1-6. Health is also incredibly well balanced, with most characters only having about 4-5 hp. (There are other characters that go beyond, but they have a balancing mechanic built into them)The playing field is essentially a somewhat circular grid path that players travel around with multiple branches. Roll the d6 and move that many panels. If your character encounters a branch, you choose which direction you want to move. There are yellow panels that give you stars (d6 roll multiplied by your level). Blue panels that drop your stars (d6 * lvl). Red panels are encounters where you fight a creature (and sometimes a boss). Green panels that let you draw a card. Purple panels that randomly warp you to another warp panel. Cyan panels that give you a bonus move. White panels are just blank panels that do nothing. And then there are the Base Panels (starting locations for the players). The Base Panels are also important because they heal your character by 1 HP and you can turn in your current goal once it has been met.Battling encounters or other players is fairly simple. The attacker rolls and adds their atk modifier (can be negative). The defender chooses between defense and evasion, then rolls and adds the appropriate modifier. If defending, you reduce the damage by your roll with a minimum of 1 (you ALWAYS take damage). If evading, your roll must be HIGHER than the attack and you take NO damage, otherwise you take the full damage. Depending on your character, you may be more well suited to being incredibly aggressive, defensive, or evasive, or a combination of them. This does not mean you cannot use all of them, it depends on the situation.There is a deck-building element where you build a deck of 10 cards and these cards are mixed with the decks of the other players'. They can range from boosts that you use at the start of your turn to help you directly, to traps that you drop on the panel you are on, to battle cards that you use in a battle. However at the end of your turn you can only hold 3 cards, so you have to discard any excess. Between games you can buy card booster packs with in-game currency and tailor your decks for your characters.Leveling up is the only mechanic for winning the game. When you get to level 6, you win. Simple as that. However getting there is tough, as you need to land on a base panel to do so and turn in your current goal. Goals are 1 of 2 things, gather Stars or Wins. When you level up, you have to choose your next goal of gathering the required number of stars, or winning a number of battles, and this goal cannot be changed. So choose carefully. Landing on a base panel is the next step. However when you pass by your own home Base Panel, you have the option to stop there instead. Or if you pass by another player is standing on a base panel you can elect to fight them instead of continuing on your way. If you survive, you count as landing on that spot.Essentially this is an very tactical COMPLETELY RANDOM Party game that is very fun to play with friends over skype or voice chat. Someone on a winning streak can very quickly lose a lot of progress from getting knocked out and losing their stars, or just being prevented from reaching a base panel. There are probably a lot of other mechanics in the game that I am missing, or glossing over, so I'll leave you to discover them. I am just trying to give you readers a nice overview of how the game goes."
,Recommended,282800,13298303,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Sugoi Ri,Ruined all my friendships.
,Recommended,282800,31780690,Posted: 15 May,all,TwoSpooky,I've lost all control of my life
,Recommended,282800,22796490,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,PK Smokey,It's like Mario Party but everyone gets angrier.
,Recommended,282800,28733789,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sarakitteh,A lot of fun to play. Frustrating when RNG isn't on your side but definitely worth playing.Beware of 7gull.
76561198315402874,Recommended,282800,26558316,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kyuurika,"Competitive game, although it makes me feel bored sometimes. I recommend it, anyway, because it's definitely worth playing. You'll have fun with it!"
76561198040343125,Recommended,282800,24868635,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,That's ich!,"How to lose Friends, PC Edition."
,Recommended,282800,12783905,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Prisoner 24601,fun with friends but the AI players are the worst ever
,Recommended,282800,33121662,Posted: 2 July,all,Airwalker,got bad rollslost multiple timeseventually won oncethe hype was realgot shades and a new hoodie for dog girl10/10 would kill waifus with other waifus again
,Recommended,282800,34784448,Posted: 6 September,all,[LEWD] DizKonnekt,100% Orange Juice? More like 120% RNG if you ask me.
,Recommended,282800,23756478,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,✩Solace✩,It's fair and not rage inducing
,Recommended,282800,26142772,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Julian,"Played for a couple of hours, jumped straight into online multiplayer, really enjoyable i learned how to play within a couple of games from friendly players that gave advice. it's a cute relaxing and colourful game you could sit back and relax after a long day at work to a few games of 100% oRNG Juice ;)"
,Recommended,282800,29952920,Posted: 15 February,all,GrimRabbit,10/10 would get destroyed by a Seagull again.
,Recommended,282800,11112585,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Rawrzaur,"100% Orange Juice is an amazingly addicting game the campaign is very unforgiving however, and only if you're willing to deal with rigged dice rolls, the AI cheating against you by sacrificing themselves to the winner be it wins or stars. If you can put up with that you'll have a masochistic hellatious challenge that feels rewarding once you finally unlock the final character. Playing online with friends or against random people is tons of fun. If you enjoy anime or just simply love zany insane board games you should definitely give this a buy."
,Recommended,282800,16735702,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tewi Potato,"Possibly one of my most enjoyed games on Steam. The RNG can be quite frustrating early on (especially if you try going for the campaign), but I assure you, if you can get past that, this game is hours of fun to be had online, especially with friends. Quite a few unlockable characters, cards, and boards to collect, plus tons of achievements for those into hunting them. Very highly recommended!(P.S. If you get it, drop by the group chat sometime - there are usually a number of us willing to play a few matches, and we don't bite!)"
,Recommended,282800,22697529,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,=(eGO)= Garrulous Garbanzo,"I have played this game for over 100 hours, I have bought over 12 copies to give to friends, and I'm gonna be honest: it was all worth it. This game is addicting as heck, and equally challenging, while at the same time easy enough to play in the background while you watch anime XD. Additionally, the community is amazing, and friendly to the noobs among us (we were all there at one point).  Long story short; buy this game (^w^)dEdit: They just keep releasing updates and DLC, bringing me back for more time and time again.  proving that even smaller game developers can provide better support for fans than most larger companies."
,Recommended,282800,19537164,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,the Cakes,"Do you crave/long for anime girls/boys, sweet♥♥♥♥♥music, RNG, board games, card games, multiplayer games, or young girls speaking in Engrish?Have you been searching far and wide for an unpredictable and fun game to play with your friends?Do you love being completely destroyed by a nekomimi meganekko with guns? Or perhaps having your wallet/money/stars stollen by a small girl with beast ears who only says parts of her name?Then look no further!100% Orange Juice offers all that and much much more, including:-DLC-Impossible difficulty-Marie Poppo-Many playable characters, all lovable-A hundred or so cards to collect-Steam trading cards and achievements-One of the most friendly and nice communities for a gameAnd a lot more that I didn't write!"
76561198019155795,Recommended,282800,12255372,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Virginia,"I mean, the game as a whole is pretty alright. It's a fairly straightforward, mostly luck-based board game. You have very little sway in how the game plays out...it's just...I really really like getting Bonusu. I go to sleep at night, thinking about Bonusu. I wake up every morning, excited for the Bonusus of the coming day. I can't even get sexually excited anymore without picturing that sweet, tender Bonusu, adding stars to my collection with every graceful roll of the dice. Sometimes, when I'm home by myself, I arrange a board game made of foam mats out on my floor....except all of the tiles are yellow. Every step I take. Every time my toes meet that soft, sun-kissed tile. Pure bliss. Pure Bonusu."
,Recommended,282800,11007906,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,「Suu」,"Describtion:A RNG (random number generator) game, where dice rolls and card builds may be the difference between win or loose. This game is basically like a animated ludo game where you have four different characters with different stats and abilities representing each base or home.There's a campaign featured  for each standard character in this game as well that has various funny moments due to it's close bonding and dialouge to the different characters. (Not DLC chatacters)The goal of the game is  either by wins aka taking out other players and stepping or red panels which triggers enemy encounters or by collecting stars.Pros:+ Extremly fun to play with friends+ Community is alright+ Updates and DLC is released frequently+ Events (Holidays and exp + stars drop rate )+ Alot of different playstyles between the characters.+ Battle system is fun and family friendly.+ Exp system unlocks skins and props for the characters.Neutral:* The game is a RNG based game, which means it rely on chance more then most other elements of the game, this may be frustrating to some people.* The seagul will  ""gul"" you, joke aside. You will understand once you play.Cons:- DLC's have stacked up increasing the price for players who want to enjoy the game fully.- Some characters are unlockable only by purchasing other game titles, which may lead to an uneeded purchase.Summarize:This game is a great way to spend time with your pals if you'd ever find yourself with nothing to do, It is not really that time consuming and overall it is a great game that you will (admit it or not) find moments of tremendous joy when you just keep rolling those 6's or fall in despair when you only roll 1's."
,Recommended,282800,12677283,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,shit player :3c (i'm dead),100% RNGincludes qt anime grills
,Recommended,282800,13794702,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rafael M.,"Don't be fooled by the cute visuals. This board game is brutal, extremely addictive and a lot of fun! It mixes gameplay elements from Ludo, Monopoly and Risk into an unique game that is perfect to play with friends and even against the AI.You can play on casual difficulty, normal difficulty or hard difficulty (on the later, the dice is loaded). A lot of reviews says that 100% Orange Juice is a game of luck only. I beg to differ. While the RNG is crucial here, you have great chances to win by skill, always choosing the best path on the board, the best moment to use a card and playing with a character that fits your style (aggressive or not).100% OJ also has different types of board, campaigns and unlockables. The replay value is very high. Also, it's a very nice game to play with friends!If you love board games, you can't miss this one.Totally worth your money and time!"
,Recommended,282800,29546454,Posted: 28 January,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Demise ♡,"The game where AI's can be a lot better than you, in rolling dice."
,Recommended,282800,30296282,Posted: 3 March,all,OptimisticRebel,"50% Skill-based Card Game, 50% Chance-based Board Game, 100% Orange Juice.Think of Mario Party, you're using a dice to run around a board, collecting stars, while trying to battle each other away from any chance of winning.Replace the mini-games with short battles, somewhat reminiscent of the Pokémon TCG, each with your own Hit Points, Attack and Defence, even throw in some cards to help you / manipulate your chance of coming away with a more favourable outcome.Almost every tile has an action. Sometimes this is positive like collecting cards or additional stars, negative such as losing stars, or varied by switching up your positions on the board.Each player can place trap cards on any square they are stood on, with the next unfortunate soul to land on it either benefiting the trap-placer, or giving them a disadvantage.The whole package is a charming, animé-style board game that can keep you amused for hours.It's not the most complex or taxing of games, so it's good fun to relax and take your mind off things when you need some time to wind down.That said, this game is no pushover either, and despite it's simple appearance, does know how to frustrate you with some seemingly impossible stages and achievements that will keep you playing it for hours just to get it to 100%.When all said and done, it is an adorable game with cutesy characters, and there are a hell of a lot more expensive games that would get less engagement and hours than this has done.So with it's price-tag, I'm just saying, there's a lot worse you can spend your fiver on.Give it a chance, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,282800,33868288,Posted: 28 July,all,Konatyrano,"Honestly, where do I start? I got the 4 pack bundle for me and my 3 friends and we LOVE it. One of my friends spent money on all the DLC, and the voice DLC. I also spent money on some DLC. Now let's get to the aspects. It's a fun Mario Party like game, but with anime characters and no minigames. Each character has a special card called a 'hyper' that does different things. For example, QP's gives you +2 attack in battle and if you die in battle, you don't lose stars or give a KO to the person. There are MANY different cards and characters you can get without buying the DLC. I recommend the game a whole bunch, and if theres a sale I recommend you buy it INSTANTLY. The campaign can get annoying having to get first place on every mission but you can move it down to casual difficulty. Every time you battle theres something new to discover, it being new cards or anything. One of my most favorite parts about the game is that every character has something nice about them. Let it be their theme, their hyper, whatever. I give this game a 9/10 and you should get it on sale or full priced."
,Recommended,282800,25038038,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Andr,Good game but bots are too op
,Recommended,282800,34855614,Posted: 10 September,all,memequeen,"I bought this game recently for my friends and myself becuase it looked cute, but I didn't expect a whole lot from it gameplay-wise. I was pleasantly surprised, though.✧ Pros:₊ Many waifus to pick from₊ DLC (which includes more waifus!!) is relatively cheap₊ All characters have an interesting design and seem balanced₊ Fun to play alone and with your friends₊ Challenging ""story"" mode₊ Japanese voice-acting₊ Over 100 achievements, making it very re-playable✧ Cons:˖ No tutorial, so it's a bit confusing at first˖ Sometimes a round can feel like it goes on forever˖ Map/board hazards (random warp, etc.) can be frustrating˖ ""Story"" mostly consists of cute dialogue, not really a story˖ You have to buy some of the DLC for certain achievementsI'd give this an 8/10 because I've found myself not only asking my friends to play this often, but actually playing it alone too (which is rare for me with multiplayer games). I can't help but love the adorable characters yet feel incredibly satisfied after I kick their butt. If you want a pretty cheap game to play with friends that feels like the weeb version of Mario Party, I'd highly recommend this game ~"
,Recommended,282800,11711216,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Φ,"Uhh, yea, this game is tons of fun. However, the game just throws you into the fray and expects you to know what the hell you're doing. The AI are very unforgiving creatures who will hunt you down and skin you alive (Okay, not really but they're tough ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s). There's a good amount of characters from I see, it takes Mario Party's screw your friends over horribly gimick and amps it up a notch.If you love board games and losing pals then this game is for you."
,Recommended,282800,33083406,Posted: 1 July,all,KYLEZOOKI,It may not contain vitamin-C but you will definatly get your salt intake for the day.
,Recommended,282800,26242394,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Metsushiro,"100% OJ ought to be my all-time favourite board game!The goal is to be the first person to turn-in 5 missions.By default, the first mission is to collect 10 stars. Head 'home' to collect the next mission; where you can choose between more stars or kills! Kills do not include only monsters encountered on the board, but other players as well Muwhhahah!The more stars/wins you get in a game, the more ""star points"" you'll get afterwards.You can spend those in the shop to buy new cards, characters, dice, character colour packs, unlock discounts, new maps and much more!GameplayYou can play the game by yourself through the campaign. Completing it gives you ""star points"" and helps you unlock certain items in the shop (i.e: Tomomo character)But you can also play with your friends and strangers! If you go to ""free play"" you can create/join lobbies and play with others :) Also win ""star points"" and ""oranges""!During free play, the lobby leader can choose which map to play on and select good/bad boosts for the match -- Some boosts includes star tiles x2, movement dice x2, add random trap to the board, walk backwards, insert bomb...DLCLike most games, 100% OJ has DLC.In the steam shop, you can purchase extra characters (they come in bundles of 2 characters!)There are also ""boosters.""Here's the thing, while you might think you're buying a pack of booster cards, on the contrary, purchasing this actually unlocks a booster slot in the in-game shop!For example, when you begin to play, you will notice 2 booster slots in the shop (first two items). Purchasing one from the steam-shop will add a 3rd and 4th one! With brand new cards for you to collect! :DFinal WordsI bought this game as a ""friendly bundle"" and all 3 of my friends loved it!Currently grinding candies for the Halloween costumes and I can't wait to collect them all!! :D (Woohoo! I officially collected them all :D)Like any other game, it's more fun with friends, but 100% OJ is very playable by yourself too~There is also frequent updates and new content. Every now and then there will be EXP bonuses for multiplayer games. The little things that shows they still care and polish the game :)"
76561198044258778,Recommended,282800,14018727,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Paperinukke,"I have always wanted an orange juice drinking simulator with cute anime girls, a tour de force.This game is cool too though."
,Recommended,282800,12202071,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,oh oH OH TIME 2 ACCELERATE,juicy 100/100
,Recommended,282800,12517503,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,guacamole,"Do you like bad storylines?Do you like mindlessly playing a game?Do you like getting screwed over by RNG?If you answered yes to any of these questions, 100% Orange Juice is the game for you.Despite being generic and filled with moments where you think 'dafuq am I doing with my life,' it's actually a surprisingly fun game that has a satisfying feel whenever you win a match."
,Recommended,282800,12028964,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Grusin,POPPO♥♥♥♥ING POPPOIT'S THAT ♥♥♥♥ING CAT CROSSED WITH CHEN AS IMAGINED BY ♥♥♥♥ING SATANOH SURE IT HAS -1 IN EVERYTHINGBUT IT HAS 7HPPOPPO WILL ALWAYS JACK YOUR STARS WHENEVER POSSIBLEPOPPO WILL ALWAYS RUN LIKE A ♥♥♥♥♥POPPO WILL NEVER DIE BECAUSE IT HAS 7 ♥♥♥♥ING HP AND LET'S FACE IT YOU AIN'T GONNA HAVE THE ROLLS TO DO TAKE IT OUTPOPPO PLAYS LIKE A ♥♥♥♥ING RETARD UNLESS YOU'RE NEARBY THEN IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING LIGHT YAGAMI CROSSED WITH YUGI MUTOPOPPO WILL BOTCH ITS ROLLS UNLESS IT ENGAGES YOU THEN IT ALWAYS ROLLS A ♥♥♥♥ING 5 OR 6 AND YOU GET ♥♥♥♥ING SNAKE EYESPOPPO WILL ALWAYS BE IN LAST PLACE UNLESS YOU'RE ABOUT TO WIN FOR ONCE THEN IT ♥♥♥♥ING GOES ALL INSTANT TRANSMISSION LIKE GOKU ON YOUR♥♥♥♥♥AND JACKS LIKE FIDDY OF YOUR GODDAMN STARS AND THEN IT GETS TO MOVE JUST ENOUGH SPACES TO LAND ON YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING HOME AND WIN WITH YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING STARSYOU WANT A GAME THAT BREAKS FRIENDSHIPS AND ENDS FAMILIES?♥♥♥♥ MARIO PARTY♥♥♥♥ DOKAPON KINGDOMPLAY 100% ORANGE JUICE
,Recommended,282800,10493105,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Ahn 💕,It´s a awesome board gamewith a Kawaii design and a Nice soundtracku can play it alone / storymode and multiplayer ;310/10
,Recommended,282800,29106849,Posted: 7 January,all,Cold Rotations,"I give this game a 1 out of 6, just like my bonus rolls."
,Recommended,282800,26962652,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,〤 MrWorthless,[Poppo stole this game review.]██▀░░░░░▀█▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░█▓█▄▀▀▀▀▄░░░▀█▓▓█░▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█▓▀░▄▄▄▄▄▀░░░░▀▀█▀░░▄▄▄▄▄░░▀▄▀▓▓▓░░▀░░░░░░░░▄▀▓▓▓░░▀░░█▓▓▓░░░▄░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓░░░▄░░█▀▄▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▀░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓█▄░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░▄██▓▀███▄░░░░▀▄▓▓▓▓█░░░░░▀▀▀██▄░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░▄▄█░▀▀▀▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▀▓▓▓
,Recommended,282800,13465242,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Real Hello,"I hate this game with my gutsEverytime I play I get completely screwed over by RNG8.9/10 would recommendEdit: Okay, it's been like two years and I continue shilling this game to people, so I guess I should give a proper review of this game.The game, in general, I think is great. It's a bit confusing at first and the artstyle of the starter characters might turn you off at first like it did to me, but after a while of playing it kinda just grows on you.If you really want to get into this game, you should play the single player campaign for a bit. At least for one or two levels. If the game is too slow for you, go to the options and select the game speed. I would really keep it at speed 2 for your first time thru. Maaaybe speed 3, but definitely not Speed 4. Speed 4 on your first time tends to make the game run too fast for new players.Single Player is mostly for unlocking characters. If you hate grinding in a game like this, hold both Control and Shift. These hotkeys double the speed of the game, making games go as fast as 15 minutes.Multiplayer is the real meat of the game and where it really shines. Especially with friends on voice chat.If you're turned off by anime-styled games I would STILL recommend this game. But you may want to head to the options and turn the announcer off (I did the same thing, I wouldn't judge)."
,Recommended,282800,10150219,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Smakx,"A quick, casual board/card/dice game that is mostly luck based, full of player on player trolling, and suprisingly fun. Whether or not you like the goofy anime theme, it is colorful and the game underneath is quality. Games clock in at around 20-30 minutes, so its not a big time commitment. It's especially fun with friends so you can open up a group or voice chat and trash talk. The game is a blast, buy it, play it."
,Recommended,282800,12620326,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,の,♥♥♥♥ MariePoppo.10/10
,Recommended,282800,29993524,Posted: 17 February,all,spoopi,MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SUGURI JUST NEVER LOSESSHE COULD BE LAST PLACE BUT AS SOON AS SHE IS THE ONE ENGAGING SHE'LL COMPLETELY DESTROY EVERYTHINGAND IF SHE DARES GET HER HYPER SHE'LL JUST BECOME A CROSSBREED BETWEEN JACK BAKER AND SONIC THE HEDGEHOG & COMPLETELY TEAR YOU A NEW ONESTAR BREAKER AIN'T GOT♥♥♥♥♥♥ON HERPOPPO CRAWLS UNDER HER BED IN FEAR OF SUGURI LOOKING TOWARDS HERSUGURI IS THE TRUE VANGUARD OF DESTRUCTIONSUCKURI 10/10
,Recommended,282800,10585887,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hawkguy,"Sometimes, video games can attract attention just because of their names. This is likely the case with 100% Orange Juice, even if the primarily response is confusion. After all, it sounds more like the description of a drink than any game! But 100% Orange Juice is very much a game and quite the fun one at that. You’ll just have to spend a bit of time learning about its rules to truly enjoy it.The name of the game is 100% Orange Juice. Why? I don’t care, and I don’t think the game does either. The strange name is only the beginning, however, of the bizarre realm of 100% Orange Juice. Because I can’t pass up the opportunity to make a citrus joke here, the game is definitely sweet, but at times can appear very sour. In fact, I am pretty sure this game hates me.100% Orange Juice is, at its essence, a simple board game. While it may take a game or two to fully grasp everything, it’s fairly simple, but also fairly brutal. Four players are placed on a board and must roll a die or dice to move forward either playing passively, trying to quietly and quickly obtain as many stars as you can, or aggressively, out for blood and attacking enemy spaces and opponents around every corner. The way the game challenges you to choose and alternate these styles of gameplay is what makes 100% Orange Juice an excellent game, as the player must be apprehensive in the face of the unfortunate circumstance where your strategy, and the world itself, has seemingly failed you.100% Orange Juice is far from perfect, but it’s still an exceptional virtual board game that really pushes your buttons. With some tweaks to the formula, specifically changeable difficulties, more consistent stage design, and some tweaks to the general presentation to help make the on-screen madness a bit more legible, 100% Orange Juice could really pick up speed with a phenomenal little series of board game titles. All the elements are there: charm, strategy, and madness."
,Recommended,282800,12297084,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Basic Island,10% Luck.20% Skill.15% Concentraded power of will.5% Pleasure.50% Pain.And a 100% reason to remember this game.
,Recommended,282800,17950615,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Lightbox,"What can I say about this game?Well... it's a fun board game that combines aspects from games like Mario Party, Fortune Steeet and Dokapon Kingdom, and mixes it with characters from the Orange_Juice games, plus some original characters created for this game.In Single Player, when trying to unlock every character through the campaign (the ones that come with the game by default, not the DLC ones), you're going to be at the mercy of the RNG over and over and over that sometimes you'll curse yourself, but still... Sometimes you win and sometimes you lose. It's the way of the RNG after all. Believe me, trying to unlock a certain character is a living pain.PROTIP: Don't choose QP as your first character.In Multiplayer, that's when the fun really starts. You will have lots of fun playing with others. You will laugh at the situations that occur during the game, you'll feel pain because the RNG didn't like you, you'll cry because maybe you have lost so many games, and who knows? Maybe it will cause some discussions between players regarding your decisions, but that's where the magic of the game really is: The interactions between the players and how everything folds during your games.About the other regards, the graphics are simplistic, but it accomplishes what it's intended. The character's designs are really cute. Special mention to Marie Poppo, the cutest of them all IMHO. The music? It's good for what it is. Catchy music all around, but if you don't like it, you can always mute the music and put other songs on your music player. Really, the gameplay is where the game really shines.And also, buy the DLCs, it adds more content to the game, more characters to the mix and more variety in your strategies with more cards.Do I recommend it? Of course, but keep in mind that if you don't like the anime-ish designs and don't like the RNG nature of this game, maybe you should stay back from this, regardless, give the demo a check and if you like it, buy it."
,Recommended,282800,11763212,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Running in the 90s,"This game got me like:100% salt100% hype100% luckBut god damn is it fun, hurry up and roll the dice nerd I need my next turn."
,Recommended,282800,13088296,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Himawari,"Now that I've played this a little- well a /lot/ more, my opinions have definitely changed a bit. Mostly for good, though.This is a board game mostly compared to Mario Party without the minigames, you go around the board collecting either stars from panels or enemies, or getting the wins from those enemies in order to complete a goal. To cash in your goals, you must land on a space with a lolipop on it, any one of them. If it's one of your own color, you have the choice to stop there or not if you happen to overshoot it. You may also challenge another player on a home space and use it, assuming you live to see the next chapter. That rule also applies to any other space your enemy may be standing on. This game features at least 15+ characters to play from, and roughly 10+ game boards to choose with random effects, such as a regen to HP every so often turns or turning a bunch of spaces to battle spaces, to shake things up. It also features a card system explained a bit own below.Obviously, the main attraction of this game is the Multi-Player function, which now still works just as great as the last time I've reviewed this. Even with the most barebones unlocks, you can still have a great time playing and spending hours on MP just testing your luck or chatting away with randoms you've met. The community is very pleasant, as there's hardly a time where I've encountered trash talkers or just ragequitters. Even if that happens, it's usually just one odd chicken out of the 4 of your party. Also, in case you're worried, afaik CPU does not have rigged rolls here, and their AI is relatively the same. For even more replayability, there is a avatar color customization in which playing a lot of MP games gives you more colors for your character, so they can look absolutely snazzy when you enter that board.The main gimmick that keeps this from being a total test of RNG is a card system. It's like the item system from Mario Party as well, which you can hold up to 3 on most of the characters. The cards ranges from boost cards to help you in certain situations, cards which adds specific battle effects when you're in one, and the classic trap card for those unlucky to land on. While a lot of cards are designed to be equally neutral to anyone who may use it, it does add a ton of strategic depth to the game. Do you want to use cards to back yourself up when you happen to roll low, or maybe you want to go all out - go big or go home right? It's all up to you on how you want to change the game to your favor. For the most part anyways!The one thing I feel that's holding the game back a bit, is the fact of going through Single Player to get most of the crucial unlocks. Want ""better"" cards and characters? You'll have to sludge your way through this mode. It isn't as bad as I (back then), or many others have made it out to be, but it really is the least fun you'd have in this game for sure. Assuming you don't use Casual mode (Which has everyone use a normal roll set) and super speed (Setting game speed to 4/super fast along with holding Crtl+Shift) your experience will greatly vary, but all in common even if you use the mentioned options you'll most likely get stuck at one point in the story for a good while. That can really turn off a lot of people from this mode, or even the game in general. The AI does have less then stellar decision making (Misuse of many of their hypers, missing a character on a home space just to land on that drop panel?) on any difficultly, but the fact of the matter is this: RNG doesn't like you? You may as restart that game to get a better start.Also, if Poppo stole the precious thing, why is it that someone who won that had their things stolen that's not you win, but still counts as a loss to you?Overall, if you don't mind the Single Player- in which you can sluge through it to make a better experience in MP (Or completely fine with ignoring it outright) this will definitely hold water for a long time, especially if you get friends to play this with. Playing with randoms is also usually fun as well!"
,Recommended,282800,13293881,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Kapot,"Mario Party for weebs.10/10, would pray to the RNG god again.No, seriously, it's a good game.Buy it."
,Recommended,282800,10964920,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,David,Cute anime characters. Charming music. So many bright colors it will make your heart flutter. I have never talked so much♥♥♥♥♥♥in one game before. This game will turn your closest friends into your biggest enemies. Come the ♥♥♥♥ at me bro.
,Recommended,282800,15541237,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,a stale goldfish cracker,marie poppo was a mistake
,Recommended,282800,31195315,Posted: 17 April,all,Kashou,"2 DOLLARS WELL SPENTThis game really surprised me. For a board game this really is one of those games where you lose track of time while playing it. I really do think this game gives more content than you'd expect from a 2 dollar game and for that, a big THUMBS UP."
,Recommended,282800,13919132,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kotori Minami,this game too cute and really fun if u playing it with ur friendu can bullying ur friend in this game using kyosuke and let many girls see ur manliness
,Recommended,282800,10225439,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,pins,Literally GOTY 2014.
76561198084575115,Recommended,282800,12789432,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Largered,If you want to relax a bit and have fun buy this game! Game plays like a regular boardgame and progress and winning just depents of your luck and it is really simple to learn! Collect some stars and fight with other players and complete objectives to win the game! For single players there is a campaing and also multiplayer if you want to gather some friends or random players around and have fun together!Do I recommend? Oh yes.. :)
,Recommended,282800,10193080,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Tedst3r,Do not be fooled by this game's cutesy appearance - it can be classified as a high-stress rage game and drive an individual to insanity and back. It feels like it cheats all the time. Yet.... I can't stop playing it. Get this game if you like orange juice.
,Recommended,282800,12947068,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Blank☆Cthulhu,Fought a chicken.I like
,Recommended,282800,12007845,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,benny,"I highly recommend this game.  I am not versed in anime-style games, nor am I versed in RPG/boardgame style card games.I jumped right in, a total newcomer to this type of game, and was delighted.  I'm used to zombie shooter games, the occasional puzzle game, or even driving games.  The music is fun and poppy, the AI are interesting and the enemies are pretty fun.  The strategy of the game is rather simple, but that doesn't mean it's boring.Some games keep it simple and this is one of those games.  Being the type of gamer who does not enjoy having to spend time actually learning a game to enjoy it or master it, I found this very friendly and easy to pickup.  I find myself frequently playing in multiplayer lobbies, and always having a chilled-out, all-smiles experience.100% Orange Juice is worth giving a chance to.  It's very inexpensive, offers fun and exciting weekend events for the community (""all maps unlocked,"" ""all characters are playable,"" etc.,) and will always, always, always have your Steam Friend's List asking what you are playing.Two enthusiastic thumbs up for this little charmer of a game!      -Erik Cameron"
,Recommended,282800,14078677,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,krawky398,"It's fun if you like getting angry and hating your friends for the night. Lot of characters, lot of playstyles, lot of cards, lot of options, lot of fun. DLC characters are fun too. Especially Saki. And the characters you get for buying some other Orange_Juice games are pretty good too. I'm especially a Mixed Poppo fan.Screw Suguri, though. Seriously.And remember to always play Chicken!"
,Recommended,282800,30112811,Posted: 22 February,all,Patchy,"Its all fun and games until:Someone used poppoThe gull rolled 74atk>4evdDying at your own hyper, goddamn yuki."
,Recommended,282800,30010775,Posted: 18 February,all,Tofu,"An RNG based tabletop game where you can play as a doggirl, a catgirl, a poppo, a goddess of candy, a cute cyborg, or even a shirtless pervert who is into guys.I had no idea how badly i needed this in my life."
,Recommended,282800,13128772,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DerpKingdom,"A fun online multiplayer with lots of rng and shenanigans. My only woe is that the campaign mode is pretty much undoable. Over the course of 20 attemps, I can note the following: i cannot roll higher than a 3, i will always roll a 1 or 2 on revive, and i've yet to see the cpu roll under a 5. pretty much discourages solo play, i pray others have had better runs than i"
,Recommended,282800,13660766,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tsukasa,I had friends.Once.But then I got 100% OJ.Now I dont have friends anymore.Would Slaughter all friends in the name of Pudding Again/10
,Recommended,282800,33623846,Posted: 17 July,all,Shiro,Probably one of the funnest games I've ever played. DLCs aren't required but they can boost your game a lot.
,Recommended,282800,18753386,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Emma Stoned,"Dear RNG,Can at least pull over here and get some dinner? Because I at least like to be wined and dined before I get ♥♥♥♥ed.."
,Recommended,282800,11462427,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,grempy,YOU CAN'T RUN FOREVER POPPO. I'LL FOLLOW YOU INTO HELL. 5/5
,Recommended,282800,11610645,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Pyro Jack (bonnie),do NOT be fooled by the cutesy art style this game is ♥♥♥♥ing INTENSE
,Recommended,282800,10154977,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Luna Luck,"This has to be one of the cutest and funnest board/party games I've played. Incredibly kawaii, lots of food, and cards to make the game all the more fun. 10/10, would highly recommend to others, even funner to grab some friends and have everyone play."
76561198118771150,Recommended,282800,11403348,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ViolaVerse,100% pulp free.
,Recommended,282800,10303832,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,President Magikarp,Literally kawaii Fortune Street with cards and hatred instead of property and stock broking.
,Recommended,282800,23484630,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Vively,"Don't let the cuteness of this RNG board game fool you, it's actually pretty brutal underneath all that. Even the most patient person will turn into a raging angry maniac after a while. Besides that, the game is super addicting and fun to play with friends. So grab your friends and let the rage fest begin."
,Recommended,282800,19555644,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,KBop a doo,"Actually a great game. Reviews convinced me 100% OJ was worth the buck or so I paid in the last sale. Usually when I buy random games, I don't read up on them too much, just to be surprised, so I was indeed surprised to find it was a cutesy board game with more RNG than*insert Hearthstone bash here*. It reminds me of the old Mario Party games - you can be winning by a mile all game, but someone might still steal all your stars at the last moment and you'll take last place. If you play with friends, it's nonstop laughter at each other's expense. My experiences with the online community have been fantastic as well, very friendly banter and responses all game long. There is a story mode, and it's about a little girl's quest for her lost pudding, so that right there tells you OJ doesn't take itself seriously. One of my favorite experiences on Steam :)"
,Recommended,282800,16302669,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Charity Doktor,"Mario Party meets balanced CCG. Little sister loves this, while my colleagues are still debating it's worth.Little sister lost her coins to my trap. I won the next turn.10/10, would make her cry again."
,Recommended,282800,17169931,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,xXSaphXx,"100% Orange Juice is a great game to just kick back and have some fun with friends.  The game can be a bit confusing at first, and while there are guides you can read, I highly recommend just jumping into a game and talking to people.  The community is awesome, so don't be afraid to ask questions!  When I first started playing, I had no idea what was going on, but then I met some amazing people that really helped me out big time, explaining some strategies and how different cards work.  There are a couple bad apples here and there, but by and large, the community in 100% Orange Juice is very friendly, likes to joke around, have fun, and commiserate when we roll a 1 at the worst possible time or teleport away from home right when we thought we were going to win the game.Basically, the goal is to accumulate as many stars or wins as you can during the game.  Each time you step on a home with enough stars or wins, you will gain another ""norma,"" which lets you use more powerful cards.  There is definitely some strategy involved depending on the character you choose.  Try to pick cards that suit your character's strengths and avoid cards that don't.  A little basic knowledge of probability helps but isn't required.  Also,  pray to the Orange Juice gods and goddesses.  Luck is a huge element of this game, so you will want divine intervention on your side!Campaign mode can be a little frustrating if you don't know what you're doing, which is why I recommend getting some tips from other players first, but it's also required to unlock most of the non-DLC characters.  This is one of my only real complaints about the game.  It can be kind of unclear how to unlock the characters you want.  When I was starting out, it felt like it took forever to get my favorite characters that I saw my friends using in multiplayer.  If you stick with it through campaign mode, they'll all eventually become available in the store though.That said, the nice thing about campaign mode is that the story is *incredibly adorable.*  The dialogue in all of the campaigns puts a smile on my face every time, and the characters have very expressive animations.  Personally, I recommend Marc and QP's campaigns for maximum cuteness, but all 4 have nice stories.  Red Barrel all the way!Most importantly, don't sweat the small stuff.  For every bad roll you get, eventually you'll get an amazing roll to put the smile back on your face.  Meet new people, relax, and have fun."
,Recommended,282800,19244576,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,forgehe,"If you heard anything about this game, you probably have heard about how much RNG is involved in this game. That is 100% true (with pulp). What makes this game enjoyable is the rare moments when everything falls in your favour, and the casual friendly crowd that plays this game. And maybe some kawaii anime characters, idk."
,Recommended,282800,18660430,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AetherealBunny,"Simply put, this is one of the greatest multiplayer games every made. And I am not saying that as a fan boy or anything, I mean it. There's something just awesome about this game that keeps the competitive negativity low while still allowing the player some control over the game so it's not just ""autoplayed"" like how shoots and ladders is. That bit of extra strategy combined with the random factor just keeps the rage moments to a vast minimum, as you can no longer get frustrated for the same reasons as most other multiplayer games. It's not about the competition, just the fun.And it's ironic that a game like this with it's random nature could lead to some pretty awesome rememberable moments from time to time, and the characters are just well enough designed with their personalities some how coming through despite the extremely limited resources to do so.As for trying to edge your win, while everyone can use the cards you set in your deck by the luck of the draw, you have to keep in mind it's all about putting the odds in your favor and also when to use them. It's far more in depth than it might appear on the surface. Although, some characters benefit more from clever deck creation than others.And unlike the developer's(Orange_Juice) RPG, this is definitely meant for everyone, not just fans.So, pick it up, play it to relax, keep yourself busy while you handle things here and there.PS: Being Alte is suffering."
76561198082627998,Recommended,282800,31980507,Posted: 26 May,all,..,I've never felt more scared or excited when it's my turn to roll. That one click...that one roll could change everything. I'm 5 coins away from winning just need to roll a 2 or higher...I then proceed to roll a 1 where I land on a boss tile and proceed to lose most of my coins only for the person in last place to land on the same tile and kill the boss. They won the next turn.10/10 would slurp orange juice again
,Recommended,282800,24620141,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,LucianTheFak,"This game is very fun and very addictive. It has a cute artstyle, a lot of characters and a really great soundtrack.You'll have lots of fun playing this with friends!"
,Recommended,282800,23601341,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ｃ  Ａ  Ｎ  Ｃ  Ｅ  Ｒ,ｅ Ｓ Ｐ Ｏ Ｒ Ｔ Ｓ
76561198047690792,Recommended,282800,19182224,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Robot of Time,"100% Orange Juice (OJ) is rather well-done and holds a high position in replayability. It features characters from the Orange Juice universe, and even some original characters of its own. 100% OJ has cards that are used during gameplay, as well as an RNG-based movement and combat system determined by the roll of a die. Hono's character illustrations display the playable characters well, in all of their poses. Truly a game environment where you can make friends and I would recommend this game to anyone interested!"
,Recommended,282800,12496068,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Chikan Celeryman,"RNGesus... The most saltiest boardgame evar. This is the demon of child of an Alchemist's amalgamation of various boardgames like Snakes and Ladder, Monopoly, Risk, Card against Humanity, Dungeons and Dragons."
76561197993814722,Recommended,282800,33532176,Posted: 14 July,all,ドリーミーセシル,Very fun game with a lot of different cards and characters that will change your gameplay. The game is fully random and the only thing you should use to not screw up completely is basic maths.Cons:Praying to RNGesus for winning.
,Recommended,282800,26267850,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,uneasybeat,Extremely addictive. I seriously have no life anymore.
,Recommended,282800,28651420,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TortoiseSoup,"One of the best games you can play with your friends. One friend recommended the game and the whole group bought it (10-15 people) and we are having the time of our lives. It's fun, it's adorable and it can be really intense at times. I recommend it especially to the ones who are looking for a game to play with a group.You need the luck to be on your side but that's not enough. You should play strategically too. Just use your smarts and pray to RNG gods. This will win you games.I played this game more than 10 hours in 2 days after I bought it and I'll continue to play for a long time probably. Just remeber if you ever face me in the battlefield, I'll drink my orange juice from your skull!"
76561198071745837,Recommended,282800,13804130,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Equites,Pretty weird!!!
,Recommended,282800,31474349,Posted: 30 April,all,GLaDOS,"It is addicting, turn based game with unique and new gameplay. And animes, waifu sure loved it."
76561198146029927,Recommended,282800,33334580,Posted: 6 July,all,Cocona Bartel,"100% Orange Juice is a big bundle of RNG, as you roll dice for movement and battle, with two ways to win: Collect Stars for the Stars Norma, or defeat other players or NPC's to collect Wins, with plenty of cards to draw to help you have fun. If you can accept that this game is all about RNG and just have fun with anything that happens, this is a game worth checking out.DLC Note: The many DLC packs add in characters or additional card packs (you still need to buy the cards in-game) so the DLC is very useful for adding even more variety to the game."
,Recommended,282800,27145165,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[R3duX] ➛Secerɨa∫风,"Now I recommend this game, and this review recommends the game, but after I'm done recommending this game comes the point where I cannot recommend this game anymore because the truth is I hate orange juice, and I also hate playing this game that's called 100% Orange Juice.Gameplay is simple (just roll the dice you don't even need to know the rules), the story is awesome, the characters are cute, nothing to complain about there, regarding the actual game. But this game is horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE, again, not because its a bad game in itself.It's fun and full of cuteness!! Invite your friends to play it - there is no better friendship building game. You can make a lot of friends. But once you have a lot of friends, good friends; really good friends - You don't want to play this game anymore. Take your friends, stop playing, and move on. Do not play this game anymore. Take up some other game like Borderlands or L4D2. You think it's still sunshine and rainbows but watch your back because this gets worse than Monopoly on mondays. Don't play this. If I refuse to play orange juice with you it's because you're my best friend and I love you. You're clearly too good for this game. I don't recommend this game, even though I'm recommending it.This is the worst game ever lol"
,Recommended,282800,35139198,Posted: 22 September,all,Snowy,This game is really great
,Recommended,282800,35224768,Posted: 26 September,all,CaptainTempest,"Until the day arrives when Nintendo releases a traditional Mario Party game with full online multiplayer capabilities, this is the superior choice.Even then, I might stick with this. You can't stoppo the Poppo."
,Recommended,282800,33156680,Posted: 2 July,all,Akiba Summer,Good game but kinda expensive.It consumed my mouse and some buttons on keyboard.
,Recommended,282800,13463945,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,† LunarRay †,"Take the infamous ""friend trolling"" party game Mario Party, remove the mini-games, replace the item system with trading cards, and inject it with a hyper-cutesy anime art style.  This insane mixture of a game is simple,  yet one of the best games on Steam I have spent money on.  The art style took some getting used to, and probably deters many a would-be buyer, but as a board sim, it shines in the department of sometimes giving outgunned players a chance to turn things around unlike most popular games.  This element of luck presents more than one end result to a game, letting every player taste victory at least once in a while, and keeps me from becoming ""that guy who plays too much."""
76561198128971834,Recommended,282800,29191816,Posted: 11 January,all,StrawberryMagic,"A euphoric board game full of fun and chaos that you cant deny is amazing, a must have for any collection and there is a character for any play style."
,Recommended,282800,28695443,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nintato,"Have you ever wanted to play Mario Party but with cute anime girls? Well, lucky you... You weirdo. This game focuses a little more on RNG than Mario Party does and lacks minigames, but is a lot of fun if you can play with friends. The battle system is where the strategy lies, and you'll pick it up really easily. I'd definitely recommend it while you can pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,282800,11292906,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Leoloom 郵便屋さん,Beware the seagulls. They love rolling 6's and ruining your day.
,Recommended,282800,19898765,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DaBigMilk,won game as a chicken10/10
,Recommended,282800,16605404,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Karma,"I really enjoy this game. With Online it is even more fun when other users chat back and just relax.Multiplayer is where this game shines and I love the community!However you are thrown into the game without any tutorial other than you looking up a guide yourself but it is not hard to get the hang of things such as learn what does what. This makes it easy for you to decide which character is best for what map and also plan a strategy to help you win easier.Bewarned however this game is not easy, on campaign mode even on casual you can easily get beaten either by lack of rolls or an NPC using their hyper card to steal/kill you and snag the win. This game wants you to think and be on your toes so no easy ride here. This is no Mario Party. One wrong mistake and it can cost you the win.Campaign is there to unlock characters, each campaign can unlock all characters but one so check the shop after every campaign or so to see if the character is buyable. Even if you lose the character can still be buyable.A lot of this relays on your luck of the draw with some skill which a party game like this should do. After the first campaign it does get easier due to your knowledge of the game but if you get easily angry I suggest online mode with others, it is less stressfull.Overall I give this 8/10It is a party game where you have to actually be lucky with some strategy which a board game like this should be. Unlike Mario Party which is mostly down to skills in mini-games and rarely any luck.Multiplayer is where it shines and even the starting characters can beat the unlockable characters.I am happy I bought the 4-pack to gift to my friends and they already adore this game."
,Recommended,282800,34560642,Posted: 28 August,all,[Loli Squad]DR Mond Arzt Wox🦄,"Fun game to play with friends,cute anime people and original gameplay. Whats not to love!"
,Recommended,282800,13447078,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,💘 「 ℰოḯℓƴ 」 💘,"I love this game! It's so fun and cute, and great to play with friends!"
,Recommended,282800,15630240,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,CyanideCandy,Always bully the poppo
76561198066625987,Recommended,282800,29182814,Posted: 11 January,all,faarrc tommy,Absolute time sink and I love it to death.Just enough challenge to want you coming back for more.
,Recommended,282800,19749932,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Zaphkiel,"I highly recommend it!It's multilayer board game with an interesting mechanic using colored panels with different effects depending on panel color, as well as dices, cards and characters which make the game very random. The characters are very unique and the same goes for the cards. The game also has a campaign mode which is nothing more than a story mode where you'll play against NPCs to complete the story of each of the 4 main characters plus the extra scenario. To unlock all characters you'll need to complete all 4 campaigns plus the extra scenarios which you have one for each complete campaign.I'm really glad I decided to accept my friend's recommendation to buy this game. It was worth every cent due it's high replay value and is very fun to pass the time. Just don't take it too seriously since this game is full of randomness, play it with your friends or on public lobs and enjoy it."
,Recommended,282800,12724211,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Rogue13,"most addictive and fun virtual boardgame that i ever play,i would recommend it if you guys love any real or virtual boardgames"
,Recommended,282800,12495406,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Moo Roo,This game is a lot of fun. The online community is very friendly in my experience so far. Praise the mighty RNGesus.
,Recommended,282800,12627220,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,- Kaleido -,"Loads of cute anime fun with one of its biggest positives being that it's very simple to learn once you have a go at it.It can be rage inducing at times with its occassionally harsh NPC AI, but it's highly enjoyable when playing with other people. This is definitely a kind of game I'd rather play with friends as opposed to the CPU.It isn't a perfect game and there are things that could be improved upon in the future, but these things don't detract from the overall fun you'll probably have.I don't regret buying it, I've had a load of enjoyment for a small price.Hoping for more updates in the future!"
,Recommended,282800,19691235,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Infinity-,it's very FUN game ^^I just want to play this game peacefullyHAHAHAHA :(
,Recommended,282800,19725210,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lipslap,"Whenever I want to be happy, 100% Orange Juice is always there to make me rage. 10/10 game"
,Recommended,282800,13192483,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Phantomina Spooketta,I LOVE THIS GAME. THE MUSIC. THE DICE. THE CHICKENS. OMG <3 10/10 WOULD DIE AGAIN
,Recommended,282800,25779476,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,< blank >,"great way to pass some time. although that's all it is really there's no deeper meaning to it other than if your bored, but the same could be said about every game i guess, i'd say pick it up. the art is nice and all the characters in my opinion are well designed, the same could be said about the cards in the game i don't think the cards get enough praise but their balanced and that's not really easy to do from a design perspective."
,Recommended,282800,16529377,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kam,"When life gives you lemons, play 100% Orange Juice instead!http://steamcommunity.com/id/Kammy/screenshot/29619394762787114"
76561198098607985,Recommended,282800,13964101,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kristy Blackclaw,A Board game Like Mario Party without the mini game.Learn the ninja way and backstab at the right moment pray Rngus.30% skill70% luck100% fun 200% for multiplayer0% Orange juice Marie Poppo stole it.100% Nice casual Story.Not sure about the game just try the demo to avoid bad surpriseSadly not everyone may like the game but it is awesome.conRngus dice may hate youCan't replace cpu dlc character. (without the dlc)Marie poppo always get bully
,Recommended,282800,22797996,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Crescendo,100% rage quit juice
,Recommended,282800,24109348,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,KokiriQyou,Good luck!
,Recommended,282800,26509517,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Princess Momo Belia Deviluke,The ultimate friendship destroyer
,Recommended,282800,24123601,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DarkSeroX (Ryota),Everything comes around and goes around... Quite Literally10/10 In my book
,Recommended,282800,16276528,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Soonercoop,"A boardgame that is based on previous OJ game characters with a solid multiplayer, free play, and story. The game offers 18 unlockable characters and 6 dlc characters along with quite a few playable bosses. Each character has different stats and plays differently, so mastering each character or only a few will last the player a long while in singleplayer or multiplayer. The story missions are quite hard, but the fast forward feature makes it faster and easier than is expected. The player can unlock characters, skins, and cards to play in the shop. There are many cards to unlock as well, so building a deck and choosing cards is a big part of winning games. My only complaint is that all characters must be unlocked via story mode, making the multiplayer less playable until the story is completed. One of my favorite indie games and I plan to play it for a long while."
,Recommended,282800,17516512,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Barön Foster,"What happens when Mario Party and Yu-Gi-Oh! produce an offspring? They give birth to a game filled with weeaboo lolis, cheap RNG rolls, and fun gameplay.Would throw more money at this game for every DLC that comes out so I can waste more hours on this adorable and difficult game~<3"
,Recommended,282800,17300943,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,やる子,100% Rng Juice
,Recommended,282800,17375100,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Yellow,As fun as Mario Party.Make you want to kill your friends like Mario PartyMarie Poppo is OPWe laughed as I removed his spine.8/10
,Recommended,282800,17557900,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ZA WARUDO,I broke my keyboard becaue i lost... to the bots
76561198067541595,Recommended,282800,11453639,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Ash,This game is kawaii as♥♥♥♥♥♥yo.
,Recommended,282800,16983367,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Uzako,"The embodiment of what we call an ""emotional rollercoaster"". This simple looking game would lure you in with its cute characters and gameplay that seems to be fairly interesting. However, prepare to have your expectations completely upturned.This is not a game for the feeble-minded, the weak-willed, nor the easily agitated. This game will take your emotions to the limit, and utterly demolish your mental fortitude. This game will tear you apart, rendering you insane, causing you to fall into depravity.And yet, what makes this satanic game, where everything is decided by one single dice, so fun?Just as there are times where you will be completely destroyed when fighting one single seagull, and just as there are times where you will be one step away from victory and yet it is taken right away from you--this game can, and will grace you with the blessings of the heavens just when you need it.You're in last place with no hopes of winning? No worries, let RNGeezus guide you to victory with the power of the die. This game promotes equality of all players, where anyone can win the game without regards for how much experience you have. There are no unfair advantages--everything is, and always will be, decided by a single dice.What are you still standing there for? Go buy it, and experience the best orange juice you have ever tasted in your life."
,Recommended,282800,17545580,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,LogicalPinkGizmo,15 hours. In a day.Nuff said.10/10 Would Orange Juice again
,Recommended,282800,11041290,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mac,Very intense hardcore game only a select few would embrace. KAWAIIWatch as the AI fall to their knees as you PVP your way to victory. SUGOIShow your friends that your loaded dice is the dice that will pierce the heavens. DOKI DOKIShow no mercy. Show no skill.....Embrace the power of luck.There is an RNGesus inside us all.Find it.
,Recommended,282800,11823491,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Rom & Ram,"Possibly the most fun game I've ever played. I only bought it on a whim when it was on sale but, I have to say, I do not regret it one bit. Cute characters, awesome soundtrack, annoyingly addictive and fun, overall, a great game.10/10 Would recommend.(P.S: Poppo always wins.)"
76561198055204084,Recommended,282800,33165240,Posted: 2 July,all,CNDKwang,"If you mix cards, chaos, and rngesus all into a mixer and juice it, somehow you get 100% orange back."
,Recommended,282800,11143710,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,【HomuHomu】,"Cute girls doing cute things like when your best friend helps you throughout the entire game before horribly betraying you, ganking you, and mugging you for all your stars before leaving you to die in a ditch as they giggle like the cute girl they are to victory. If Monopoly and Mario Party went to a rave party and did large amounts of drugs before having Recettear drive them home before accidentally crashing into a preschool classroom and having a threesome on the floor, this would be the mutilated, colorful, kawaii lovechild they would have.12/10 would hyakku pacento orangu juico againneeds more lolis"
,Recommended,282800,11710419,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Chomusuke,It's like Mario Party meets Uno and it got mashed together in a Japanese style of art... And you thought Dark Souls was hard and rage inducing bahaha.10/10 Made people flip out on me.
76561198092092327,Recommended,282800,12790641,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,crystalespers,"If you already haven't buy this game and play it with your friends! Even though the AI can be very frustrating at times with enough perseverance you can overcome. You can play this game for hours and not even realize that much time has past since when your on a roll it's hard not to play ""just one more game"" to see if you will have better luck."
76561198153811840,Recommended,282800,27923772,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rune >:3,"This a game that has a cute storyline, adorable characters, and the ""Yes! It's cheap enough for me to buy a four pack for my friends!"" type of game. If I were to give a quick clarification of the game, it's a combination of anime, Mario Party and ""RNGesus why?!""You would not believe how many times I thought I was going to win the game, yet I land on a monster space, land the lowest defence, and the chicken hits the highest attack (seriously, that chicken is my worst nightmare).Lets just clarify multiplayer in two words for a title. Forget Star Breaker. Forget Sugar Breaker.This game is a ""Friendship Breaker."""
,Recommended,282800,26892146,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slashley,You roll dice. The dice says if you win or lose.And I wrote this review solely to get a badge. You're welcome.
,Recommended,282800,12237005,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mojiro,i spent 7 hours on this ♥♥♥♥ing garbage and only beat one level♥♥♥♥ you poppo
,Recommended,282800,11742537,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Syaxamaphone,Best little girls confined to a game board simulator on Steam. 10/10 would bonesu again.
,Recommended,282800,33654011,Posted: 19 July,all,♔ Aryamehr ♔,It's on sale now. Get it for TONS of fun. Do it.
,Recommended,282800,26643210,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Johan,"It's a board game based on the dice roll and aditional features depending the avatar you play or cards given. I aways had taste for playing with probabilities percentages, and the simplicity of the game turns it possible. All avatars have their own histories, everyone is nice and cute. The community is great, you can easily make friends and have fun."
,Recommended,282800,26881734,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shade,"Fun, casual board game that relies heavily on luck, but nonetheless offers a surprising amount of depth. You can just embrace the randomness and insanity and have a good time, or you can try to tip things in your favor with sound strategic decisions (and have them be ruined completely by unlucky rolls) if you enjoy the more strategic side of things. Either way, it's a blast when playing with friends - just be warned that if you're easily frustrated, this might not be the game for you~It's also worth noting that even after having been on Steam since over three years now, the game still receives fairly frequent updates with bug fixes, quality of life improvements, the odd balance adjustment and even completely new content. Some of this new content comes in the form of paid DLC, which isn't necessary to enjoy the game, but comes at a completely reasonable price if you find yourself enjoying the game and want more variety."
,Recommended,282800,27804982,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shal5,"100% Orange Juice is a board game developed by the Japanese indie developer Orange_Juice, and features the cast from all their previous games. I personally put of buying the game because I thought I'd need to know the characters, but after playing the game I realized that knowledge wasn't necessary.As for the game itself, it is described by many as really hard, mainly because of how much it uses RNG to determine outcomes. I do however think that this builds into one of the game's main strengths. Because while luck is important, just as important is your ability to manipulate that luck using the cards that you're given.And that leads me to another very interesting mechanic of the game. Because the game is also a deckbuilding game. Every player creates a deck of 10 cards, and then all the decks created are shuffled together, and it's this pile of cards the players draw from. This creates strategic choices where you have choose the cards that are good for your character, but not good for the other characters.All in all, I think 100% OJ is a great game that anyone who's interested in board games should try out."
,Recommended,282800,32862234,Posted: 27 June,all,Giddii,100% Orange Juice Nutritional FactsServing Size                  4 playersAmt. per ServingCalories 110Sodium 100%Will to Live 0%HahahaAHAHAHADHAHahdhadhahshshshahsaha11/10 need more Vitamin C
,Recommended,282800,34787828,Posted: 6 September,all,[IDGC] Mereb,"fun game with fun community, love it 10/10. if this game have a board game, im gonna buy it tbh LOL"
,Recommended,282800,35170821,Posted: 23 September,all,Unicronicorn #TF2SP,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ this is an infuriating game.Being LITERALLY reliant on complete RNG, coming in with a strategic plan backfires on you 100% of the time because you can only be so lucky for so long.This isn't a bad thing, however, because I found that this main mechanic of utter luck makes the game very exciting and extremely fun to play with friends as each one of you will be royally ♥♥♥♥ed at one point in the match.It's funny, it's aggrivating, and it's a fantastic time-waster.One of the best online board games I've played."
,Recommended,282800,12399146,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Luxurychoccie,"100% Orange Juice is a neat little digital board game that has great overall gameplay and a hilarious set of intertwining storylines and characters. The music and sound effects, as well as the squeaky voice that speaks out what tiles you land on make it a very intense (And annoying for the people around you) game to play, especially if it's set to super fast mode once you get used to basic gameplay.As with any board game, it might seem hard to pick up at first, especially the end goal of the game that you work towards (it took me a long time to figure that one out)- reading a guide before diving in head first is probably recommended. But once you grasp what the basic tiles do it's all a case of learning your strategies with the  various trap and stock cards the game has.i have played for over 10 hours so far and have completed 2 of the 4 storylines that are available to me as well as an extra scenario, working towards getting all the achievements definitely means you get your moneys worth for playing time."
,Recommended,282800,35077877,Posted: 19 September,all,ᴀ ᴄʀʏ ғᴏʀ ʜᴇʟᴘ,"The player community is very nice, pretty enjoyable to play except when u roll 1 four times in a row. feelsgreat"
76561198036549283,Recommended,282800,11703328,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SDOG,"Awesome board game, especially fun if you play it with lots of friends.Edit:I take it back. This is the most rage inducing game I've ever played."
,Recommended,282800,10926348,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pianownd,This game will make you hate everything. 11/10
,Recommended,282800,15932748,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Skaidrojumi,"Such a cute game!However I get too frustrated on story mode because you spend so much time on one game that if you lose it's such a big deal X(Very fun though, and it just screams Japan"
,Recommended,282800,12872405,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,普通Shendow,"The game will hate you, the bots will hate you and they will do everything to kill you. The amount of RNG in this game is incredible; you can play an extremely powerful character but still end up killed by a SEAGULL because you've rolled a 1 against a 6. I shouldn't be playing this game but I am because I want to win and show the game who's boss, but it's not letting me. Also, like other games like Mario Party, in multiplayer this game is a great relationship-killer.Overall I recommend this game because it is quite addictive but also sadistic. You will have to play a lot, and pray hard to win. Everyone and everything wants your death in this game."
76561198166881683,Recommended,282800,13562265,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[DXD]DangoMuffin ;_;,kawaii desu bully 7$
,Recommended,282800,31384660,Posted: 26 April,all,Darjeeling,"This game makes me want to scream, but I like it.I have the worst luck in this and I bet no one will have worse luck than me, so you should be good.Also ♥♥♥♥ Marie Poppo"
,Recommended,282800,26312570,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Hansen,"I didn't have big expectations. But I was disappointed positively, this game very good! Causes addiction! (""this last game i promise""). The character design very cute, this can be related onto the sounds. It is worth its price very much. I recommend it to everybody very much who likes playing a board game.Pros- cute design- great sound effects- there are lots of characters- lots of cards=lots of tactic- Friendly playersCons- lots of DLC"
76561198119056931,Recommended,282800,13262220,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,[NNJG]JL,"This is fifty percent luck, twenty percent skillTen percent concentrated power of willTen percent pleasure, ten percent pain,and 100% Orange Juice is the name of the game"
76561198132163890,Recommended,282800,18016621,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,reaperville,this game taught me poppo.swf
,Recommended,282800,18674285,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Riss,"Probably the best board game that I played.Cute characters, good community.Very addictive.I just recommend it."
,Recommended,282800,19197184,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,🌿Shiki,★★★★★
,Recommended,282800,23480557,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Lyu Sapphire,"One of my favorite games as a filthy casual that is also known by its pairs to be lucky.This game is a board game, where you can play as one of several characters to a total of 4 players, which all have their own stats and special abilities, which gives you different playstyles to adapt for.While the game seems very cute in appearance, it can be a frustrating mess depending on how Lady Luck feels about you this time. Will you try your hardest and have your strategies stomped to the ground? Will you mess around and decide not to try only to become the victor of the game? Only time will tell.This game shines when you play with other people, more so if you are in call with them to hear each other's reactions to what happens, but there are also a few campaigns that you can play on your own. Progressing in those campaigns will allow you to unlock different characters to buy in the in-game shop, using stars you gain by playing games.The main problem I have with this game is how complicated it is to understand at first, because 100% Orange Juice throws you in its complicated rules with no tutorial or guides whatsoever. ""I completed a norma? What's a norma? How do I even play this game? What, you can fight other players? What do Defend and Evade even do? Which one should I use? Am I dead for good? Why can't I use this card? Okay, I completed another norma I guess, this is long, how do you even win the game? Well, I guess I lost?""... This could be many of the questions you will ask by starting to play this game, this initial barrier is what makes this game hard to pick up. A lot of players would drop this game already due to the confusion of how the game plays, but if you can manage to grasp the rules and understand the game, only then you understand the fun of it. From that point on, you will love playing it and will want to play some more, even if you end up being frustrated from your bad luck from times to times.If I had any request for making this game better and more accessible to the public, it would be for a tutorial to be added to the game, so the new players can actually understand it and get a chance to enjoy it before they drop it. Otherwise, it is easily one of my favorite games on Steam.P.S.: Most of my friends that played this game and chose QP as their starting character had a really hard time enjoying the game, feeling like they were stuck with a terrible character. If you'll start playing this game, do yourself a favor and choose one of the other characters. My personal favorite is Suguri."
,Recommended,282800,34664464,Posted: 1 September,all,麦わらｆoon,This game is literally an incarnation of satan
,Recommended,282800,35233048,Posted: 26 September,all,kiisu (sleep),*is playing a game which revolves around dice**friend attacks me and i roll a 10*friend: WHY WOULD YOU ROLL A DICE!?
76561198357482939,Recommended,282800,35033672,Posted: 17 September,all,⋆ℒ𝓊𝓃𝒶𝓉𝒾𝒸,It Is A Great Game To Spend Time With Your Friends In.....And TO Destroy Friendships
,Recommended,282800,13872457,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Don't flame me I'm sensitive,"Before I start the game, I kneel down and pray to RNGsus.EDIT: Nanako is my waifu. YOU STAY AWAY FROM HER!"
,Recommended,282800,19979012,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,JokezOnU,"This game is amazing. Whether you're thirsty, bored or just wanting to chill under the sun, grab you some pulpy, Sunny D, no pulp, whatever. Just get you some Orange Juice! (100% preferred.)"
,Recommended,282800,19836624,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,tanathsus,"100% oRaNGe juice... got it?hahahahaahahaahaaaok sorry for that joke , it was awful"
,Recommended,282800,20371880,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SaltyBay,Stole my parent credit card for this
,Recommended,282800,19026503,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Utah,"100% OJ is one of my favorite games. It is simple and relaxing and the community is nice and welcoming. Even when I'm terribly losing a match, I still enjoy myself. Playing with your friends is even more fun and I would definitely recommend this game."
76561198078031383,Recommended,282800,10263391,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,KawaiiSeeker,"100% orange juice is 100% pure fun. playing with friends is like playing mario party, so you want to break up with your friends, this is the game for you. heck, even the four pack is cheap.story is very simple: cute loli steals♥♥♥♥♥♥ how you stop her? by playing a board game.soundtrack: if you ever played orange juice other games, you will then notices each song is from one of their games they made in the past.characters: its a all star cast from past OJ games(like Acceleration of Suguri. which is being release this summer by rockin android for steam, so get hype for that one)is it a buy? yes it is.update: the game been getting free updates like new maps/skins/features and dlc. its still a buy"
,Recommended,282800,16021266,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,KAMAKAZI LIZARD,Thought steam was going to deliver me organic orange juice11/10 would be tricked by steams marketers again
,Recommended,282800,12959166,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Spookster,"I was playing as a loli and got murdered by a seagull, a big strong black store owner, and then got blown away by the cutest personification of a jihad this world has ever seen.10/10"
,Recommended,282800,13491704,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,roxor,its ok
76561198091452897,Recommended,282800,17509271,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,please,this game is fire af
,Recommended,282800,26706935,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Scott2002,Play this game with friend = Breaking friendship simulator 2016 XDDDDDDDDDD9/10
,Recommended,282800,29679872,Posted: 3 February,all,DizzyK,Anime Mario Party.
,Recommended,282800,14293677,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Koibi,RNGesus will be watching
76561198137911605,Recommended,282800,23777235,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,00gle,♥♥♥♥ing weeb game
76561198240924692,Recommended,282800,23466404,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TophatMurderer,"100% orange is %100. 100% = 10/10If you dont know how to play this game learn how to play it then buy it.I did buy this game on sale, so I do not know if it is worth the money, I personally after playing 1 game thought i was very much worth :)"
76561198069749015,Recommended,282800,16704180,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Yugi Muto,This game makes me furious.10/10
76561198049836049,Recommended,282800,13592078,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Horrighon,"For a board game, the pace is quite fast. Though everything about the game is light-hearted and the humor is cute and funny, the game manages to have a lot of intricacies through the card decks and battle system. Which character you choose directly affects your playstyle as well.If anything, you can play the game just to hate Marie Poppo."
,Recommended,282800,21354807,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ashei,I like this game but none of my friends ever want to play it because I'm better at rolling dice than they areUpdate Nov 1 2016: nvm got pwned so hard this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.
,Recommended,282800,16556284,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ΤhePingiTBT,"Won the first match I ever played, this has to be good!Makes people depressive, play with people you hate ;)"
76561198142489725,Recommended,282800,17022653,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,IcePif,"This game... THIS GAME! BOY WHAT DO I SAY ABOUT THIS GAME! First off, This game is very addicting, and very fun to play with friends, but boy this game is rage enducing! This game makes me want to punch my friends in the face, but I cant stop playing!! I recommend this game very much! 9.5/10"
,Recommended,282800,18650788,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ssoRD,"A party game with easy online matchmaking. Although I have played very little of it, the game is fun."
76561198059937253,Recommended,282800,15787618,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,。lee。,"this game is really fun , u can play with ur friends  ilove this game ."
,Recommended,282800,23776956,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,AlexSSZ,"Remember that Mario Party game where the CPU would use Boo to steal your stars at the end, and steal the win in front of your face?Or maybe that Mario Kart race where you stayed in 1st place all along and in the last few seconds, you step on a banana and finish last?Well, you might as well expect that from this game too.It gets pretty addictive once you get in the game and get to know the abilities of each characters and the card effects.When you'll first get into a game, you will most likely go 'WTF is going on', but you'll catch up fast. You might get 90% of the basic gameplay strategy within the first 1-2 hours of gameplay.Best played with friends (or online with strangers). These CPU... Rigged dice..."
76561198067401200,Recommended,282800,22012273,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,SilverAG89,"Somebody help. I can't stop.Pros - Best darn party game west of the mississippi.- Anime flavored mario party, but with honestly better mechanics and a rage inducing tendency to roll 1 on every die.- An actually friendly community means that all you loners out there don't have to worry that its a party game. If you say hi in chat, somebody will banter with you 9/10 times. That is a huge plus.- Characters actually feel different. Tactics game to game will be similar, but the characters give life and uniqueness to every match, be it the almighty seagull, or getting poppo'd when you least expect it.- The four button Single Player Speed Combo. Holding ctrl or shift speeds the game up. Holding ctrl+shift causes the game to run at dizzying speeds, making the single player slog that much easier.Cons - Do not under any circumstances expect the story to be forgiving. The game is RNG based in multiplayer, but in single player, cpu's roll higher based on difficulty, and the inherent randomness of the game just makes it more difficult. It's not impossible by any means, It just feels like inflated difficulty. Multiplayer is where this game is at.- Unlocking a large quantity of the characters requires playing said story mode."
76561198220579629,Recommended,282800,26193629,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Private Ducker,Very good anime game 10/10. Better than Mario Party 8.
,Recommended,282800,26363167,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Seffir,Perfect for a nice and friendly time with your friends ^.^
76561198090026955,Recommended,282800,28067382,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KingDingo3,"You may be thinking ""How does a drink become a game?"", well first its not a drink, and second it just does 'cause the game mascot Poppo says so.Back to the topic at hand, 100% Orange Juice is a 4-player board game unlike any other, many people might compare it to Mario Party or other such party games but you shouldn't, its in a league of its own.Rules are rather simple, reach your 5-stock goal and reach a homebase to win, simple?, not in 100%OJ it isn't.In order to get stocks you must select a goal to reach first, at the start of each game everyone must collect 10 stars *unless you buy a certain dlc character*, once you got the goal and hit a base you earn a stock, you then select your next goal to reach and repeat the process, untill you clear the fifth stock goal and be the first to win by reaching a homebase.The goals you can choose from are Stars and Wins, Stars are like currency you earn every turn and from landing on bonus squares or from effects of cards, which i will get to later, Wins are earned by defeating your oppenants in battle, either by landing on a battle square or choosing to fight your oppenants you pass by, certain oppenants earn more wins than others, Battle square monsters earn 1 win, oppenants you battle by choice earn you 2 wins, and Boss squares earn you 3 wins.You can also turn the tide of battle, buff yourself before a movement or even effect some spaces you land on with cards, some cards however cost stars to use or even require a certain stock level to reach first before you can play them, nevertheless they are a helpful hand to you or even your oppenant when you need them *or not*.There are modes in 100%OJ to enjoy but stick around the gameboard theme, play Story Mode to unravel how certain people got dragged into this madness, Single Player to come up with deck ideas or to try new characters outs, and when your satisfied with your result take it Online agaisnt the world where you can earn levels and rewards for your efforts.A fun game to play *or torment* with your friends, or even to make new friends Online, 100% Orange Juice will always be a ideal game to have around when your lost for ideas what to do."
76561198003026316,Recommended,282800,27499248,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Forspan! (いみがありません）,"100% Orange Juice makes you love/hate your friends and RNGeesus who decides to troll your friends/you with the most insane of dice roll comparisons at the best/worst times. There's no outcome set in stone in orange juice, other than that madness and hilarity ensue in a cute package.One of the best party games I've played:It's very simple to get into and play.You can run this game on almost any kind of toaster.Core game has a lot of content and it's possible to use non-dlc cards and sometimes characters without owning them yourself.Each character has their own unique in-game theme and they're well composed.The style and rng make it impossible to take seriously. x)Orange juice also has a decent singleplayer mode through which you can unlock all the non-dlc characters. Just don't play on extreme mode unless you like to exprience the A.I. rolling with ""These dices have only fives and sixes on them!""."
76561198176988621,Recommended,282800,27520081,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Furu-Chan,You wanna have fun? Well...it's pure rage. But this rage is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ good! °^°)/
,Recommended,282800,29437529,Posted: 22 January,all,sseviyyx,"i will give simply reviw on this game.this game seems like monopoly but it had different style. this is not fight for build something but this place is when your ""luck"" gonna be tested. sometimes you can be a♥♥♥♥♥♥af. the characters is took a chibi style (small characters). the stage its fit to (not too large and not to small).100%LEMON JUICE (ermm i mean ORANGE)A BATTLE OF LUCK, CUTE CHARACTER, SOME OF MY FRIENDS CALL IT LOLI GAME (WUTT), AMAZING STAGE, A GOOD ROLEPLAY, AND IT CAN ACHIEVE SOMETHING XDOVERALL 8.0ENJOY PLAYABLEreviewed by sssssss"
,Recommended,282800,14818856,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Dies Horribly,"A fun, whimsical board game that makes for a very good party game with friends. You can even make things really relaxed, really chaotic, or somewhere in between, and there's plenty of different characters to choose from. The AIs are a pain, though, and I recommend doing campaign on Casual difficulty if you're trying to unlock things that aren't achievements."
,Recommended,282800,23076667,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Oxymoron,"If you ever plan on opening rng boxes in a different game, play oj first to test your luck.ps: The game will make you its ♥♥♥♥♥. Enjoy."
,Recommended,282800,12091122,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,"Ozen, The Immovable",100% Enemy Tears is really the best.Though 90% of the time it's gonne be your tears that you drink
,Recommended,282800,11747698,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,lakylog (✿ =‿‿=),This is a great party game if you want to lose your friends.
,Recommended,282800,27334890,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jonjon,Give Poppo your money so she can steal your stars.
,Recommended,282800,14363980,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Shepurd,"My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned because I didn't concentrate.10/10 Would use as excuse to make refreshing citrus puns again."
,Recommended,282800,26152455,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SpookiestTea,You punch small anime children10/10 -ign
76561198074799165,Recommended,282800,16097382,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Michael777,"100% OJ is a fantastic game that meets every expectation that I had when buying. If you want a fun board game that you can play with friends or just random people, this is the game for you.Pros:- A wide cast of characters to fit any play style you may want to have.- Amazing soundtracks for each character.- Simple to get into (I won the first three games I played without ever playing the game before).- Extremely fun and addicting gameplay that hooks  you in for hours on end (you only need to glance at my play time to see this.- A decent single player mode for when nobody is playing (which is rare but usually early morning especially in Europe).- A very small community so you will often know who you are playing with.- If you don't want to talk to people you can just not... but socialising makes the game much more enjoyable.- You actually get to choose what room you go into, so if you run into some really obnoxious people... you can just leave and go somewhere else.Cons:- A huge portion of the soundtrack was meant not to loop, so when it does it feels unnatural... at least to me.- The story is basically the same whichever path you choose, with minor changes.Basically, if you enjoy the format of board games but have nobody to play with, get 100% OJ. If not... get 100% OJ, unless you hate enjoyable games, in which case don't."
,Recommended,282800,26907522,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[S!] MehSux,"Tired of Blue Shells in Mario Kart?Tired of losing all your coins in a random Mario Party Battle Game?Tired of somebody relieving you of your money all the time in Monopoly?Experience none of the above but more crushing defeats at the hands of the devil disguised as a little girl, chickens and seagulls rolling dice that never heard of probability measure and Store Managers banning you for life.Retain your sanity by feasting on the rage of friend and foe alike, as they go through the same horrors. Most likely it's going to be the other way around though.Your inner Sadist will enjoy it."
,Recommended,282800,28227330,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,HomemadeAntsyPuppet,"Board games are fun, but whenever I played Monopoly with my friends, we’d always give up playing midway through. The reason for that is quite simple – after some time, most of the board games get repetitive, and if they take too long to end, you’ll get bored and you’re likely to lose your will to keep playing. Despite it all, I've heard so many people saying good things about 100% OJ and the game itself seemed so interesting that I decided to put aside my uncertainties and give the game a shot. The moment I pressed the play button, my fate was sealed.100% OJ got me hooked because each play will never be the same and it never gets boring, no matter how much or how long you play it. It’s a game played on an ever-changing environment where you can either battle your way through victory or try to grasp it while aiming for the stars – the choice is yours! You won’t even notice it doesn’t have a story to go along with it because it’s not necessary – that’s not why we’re here anyways! Besides, the best part is playing against your friends or other players online.11/10"
,Recommended,282800,32826988,Posted: 26 June,all,animemer,It tickles
,Recommended,282800,12563846,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Frosty █▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,Only game I can play online. 10/10
,Recommended,282800,27346736,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ephy,"So, reviews aren't really my thing, but it's about time I at least give this game something, so.Probably my favorite game ever. It's one of those games that you can sit and relax with (once you get past all the RNG)Board games. Dice. Cards. What else could you want.Great music. Great characters (be sure to check out their other games too). Great gameplay in my opinion.Also super cheap, especially when it's on sale, so there's no real reason not to try it."
76561198060870160,Recommended,282800,19271117,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mr.Tonguesoff(ChrisHandsome),"This game is fun and great when playing with friends.... only... problem... is.... THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T ROLLS I GET I COULD HAVE WON THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!! BUT NOOOOOO, I ROLLED A 3 INSTEAD OF A 5 I NEED TO LAND ON MY HOME NOT THE FREAKING BOSS PANEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!8/10 good game!"
76561198086758470,Recommended,282800,17293126,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ThunderLordZinogre,This is a amazing game if you like mario party it can get hetic fast
,Recommended,282800,17540658,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,dood,100% SALTY JUICE
,Recommended,282800,19267920,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ayumu,Best game ever if you like wasting your time B)
76561198046917714,Recommended,282800,17102668,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Omallis,IT'S SO CUTE AND FUN AND AGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!
,Recommended,282800,17245130,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,[ℯS] Li'l Cactus,kawai senpai
,Recommended,282800,17400196,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kottokai,"When life gives you oranges, don’t play 100% Orange Juice. Make life take the oranges back! Get mad! I don’t want your oranges, what the heck am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see life’s manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Kottokai oranges! Do you know who I am? I’m the man who’s gonna burn your house down! With the oranges! I’m gonna get my engineers to invent a combustible orange that burns your house down!11/10 would drink orange juice again.Also, watch out for Gull God."
,Recommended,282800,17479020,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,SkulFuk,"I'm terrible at this, but enjoying being humiliated repeatedly.  Damned dice  >_>"
,Recommended,282800,18965175,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"7.5/10Pros:Fun to play with friendsBright, nice on the eyesAnimuCons:This is a friendship ruinerStory mode is boringYea, get the game."
,Recommended,282800,19489879,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Milan Mree Frozen,"I can't fully remember how I got hold of this game. I think one of my friends was like 'OMG LETS PLAY 100% ORANGE JUICE!' and I bought a four pack and then we played it and it was pretty hilarious.I dunno if 'someone' buying the game 'alone' will have quite as much enjoyment though. It feels like a board game you stream while drunk and asking everyone if they think you can juggle your alchohol bottles or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ At the same time it's really cutesy and the friends I played with really enjoyed the art style. I think it's cute too and really fun. I'm not really a 'PG' type person but this game is great in the regards that you can be an adult and still have a crap load of fun.As far as the game goes it's a mix of mario and...something where you draw cards with special abilities. Then you use the cards to mess with your friends or make yourself better. If you land on combat squares or another player you can 'fight' them which is a little quick battle where you both roll. Combat is super simple, but effective. If you defend, the offenders attack is reduced by your defense down to a min of 1. If you evade, you only take damage if they roll equal or more. Simple and pretty well thought out though.You win by getting I think 5 stars first and you get to choose if you have to win X battles or get X points and then you get a star.I have to say this is one of the few games that I have never heard anything bad about and I can see why, though EF the freakin AI in the singleplayer. I keep Effing losing what the hell. RNG love me only when I am kicking my friends butts and even then Aellwine somehow pulls some♥♥♥♥♥♥out of his♥♥♥♥♥and gets max stars first you cheating piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198017750414,Recommended,282800,19929596,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,xxtorpedoxx,"made me hate my best friend within minutes/10also, essentially the weekend poker game you play with your weeaboo friends"
,Recommended,282800,17561532,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Yuu the U-511 think you good?,Breaks friendship like it was made yesterday and make you rage while you drop dead. Good Game Good Game.
,Recommended,282800,17619091,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,w01fspawn16,i finally got 1 win
,Recommended,282800,20114285,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Brickbuster,I hate this game so much. Please help me.
76561198031332721,Recommended,282800,19494126,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Cadith,"This is a fun little board game to play with friends. It's fast paced and action packed.Before play you construct a deck from available cards, this deck is then shuffled into a central deck with all the cards from the other players.You travel around the board collecting stars or battling for victory points.  Once enough stars or battles have been fought your character can level up. Providing access to stronger cards. The first player to reach level ""6"" wins the game.Each character has its own stats and unique hyper ability, which adds some flavour the the characters.The game has some issues though. The ai's dice is loaded (which can get annoying, especially in the campaign), and lack of card variety causes the gameplay to become stale after awhile.7/10"
,Recommended,282800,32862774,Posted: 27 June,all,Microline,It's okay
76561198085904420,Recommended,282800,18213062,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MojoJojo,Cute and nice board game. Really enjoy this game and met a lot of new friends.
76561198086488243,Recommended,282800,23699756,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Michael :D,basically mario party without minigames and more chances for other players and the rng to screw you over. addicting and fun.
,Recommended,282800,18883133,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ginandcats,"An amazing game. It follows a board game mechanic and is heavy on the RNG (so if you don't like RNG keep that in mind) but the player still has a lot of decisions to make on their own. I really like how the battle play out, and how you can chose to win the game through kills or collected stars. The characters all have different stats and theme music (not to mention they are absolutely adorable). The game is fun with friends, or just connecting with random people online. Good for relaxing, or you can go all out with strategy. Overall 11/10, great game <3 c:"
,Recommended,282800,32432452,Posted: 15 June,all,TypicalCode ツ,something
,Recommended,282800,27752896,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Getsuga,"100% Orange Juice? More like... 100% Despair Juice!Like others here already said: Don't let the cute visuals and characters fool you!This game has the potential to ruin friendships, start wars and to induce eternal despair and suffering!At its core, it's a simple board game with 4 players. You move around the board by rolling a dice to battle enemies or other players and to land on certain event fields. The goal is to either get an increasing amount of stars or win an increasing amount of battles several times before the others and land on a home base in the end.Additionally, the wide variety of cards you can play each round spice things up and can turn around a game at any time. For example someone who was in last place the entire time can suddenly be in the lead and finish the game before you can even say ""What the...?"". Furthermore, there will always be a Poppo to steal your stars when you least expect it! The RNG is strong with this one, so don't forget to pack a whole lot of luck once you start playing and always pray to RNGesus!But despite all the RNGness and possible rage and frustration youmaywill encounter sometimes, this game can be really addicting and a lot of fun! Especially with some friends! The really charming characters are a really nice treat aswell! Also... pudding!"
76561198391971465,Recommended,282800,32381306,Posted: 12 June,all,100%OmarJuice,"This a great game to play with friends or even just by yourself thanks to the awesome multiplayer feature. Even if you don't have friends who are willing to get this game, you can get the four pack and force them to play."
,Recommended,282800,27034509,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,G. Nyght,poppowinslol
76561198295833432,Recommended,282800,26258673,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,PuppyGamer261,"Super super fun to play with freinds!I like card games and board games,so I bought the four pack for my 3 other besties.We played together a couple times and I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!It's cute too!And the gameplay's cool!-4 pack WAS pretty cheap!-VERY cute characters-Makes you yell at your freinds for stealing your stars-Makes freinds yell at you for stealing their stars-Makes people rage-Good game-CUTE-Oh,did I say it was CUTE?"
,Recommended,282800,25085476,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,QueenHellcat,"At the surface Orange Juice appears to be a anime Mario Party. That's also how I would describe to those who aren't familiar with 100% OJ. But Oj is actually a fun game that really captures the spirit of party boardgames, screwing each other over, collecting, multiple ways to win, but the main appeal for me is the amount of tactical depth in the game because of the prior elements. There are quite a few characters, with the DLC it's 20+ and each is different. This game can just be approached at so many different angles. Most people I've played with play it on the surface just as a boardgame but it is definitely possible to take the game way too seriously. Also for a boardgame there really isnt too much RNG."
,Recommended,282800,27897710,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Snoxa,"The game can be summed up as RNG:The GameI'm not going to explain you the basics, since it's going to take too much explaining so id reccomend reading them up on game's official sitehttp://fruitbatfactory.com/100orange/userguide2.html.Now to the most interesting part, the Multiplayer.Gameplay is exactly the same like the singleplayer.But it's not against bots and actual real people.I've played many hours of multiplayer and this is what i've got to say.It's definitely an experience: The amount of hate and spite you might feel towards other players or getting this very same feel from them is Monopoly-tier.Every player wants to win no matter what and if they'll have to walk on every other player's corpse to do it, they sure are going to do it.Every match is unique and doesn't feel the same as the last one, especially if you set map field to random and map events to random, too.Cards in the deck are always shuffled randomly and you never know what you're getting from a card drop, what battle roll you're going to do and how many tiles you'll move, since everything is based on rolls.Some matches can be done in less than 20 turns or drag out to 60 and♥♥♥♥♥♥becomes tense at later turns.Every character is viable, every card is viable, nothing is useless.Any turn anything can happen and that's what makes multiplayer great.The game is worth it.If you don't want to pay for DLC, don't worry, vanilla characters and cards are viable the same way the DLC ones are, so there is no Pay2Win.You're gonna miss out on half of the character cast and 2 extra card packs you can get cards from, so the choice is up to you whether to get the DLC or not, but i say it's definitely worth it."
76561198242770026,Recommended,282800,26665811,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Crystal Goddess,"A fun little board game, seems to be a twist on Sugoroku, with an interesting story mode added on. It can get infuriating when RNG decides to go completely against you, but nothing can be done there. Achievements all rely on luck (which is fair for a board game, and some require bad luck as well).If you're into board games, I'd suggest looking into this one, low price (even when at full price), low requirements, and cheap DLC are all positives as well."
76561198112139289,Recommended,282800,28103526,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Jävla Snupp,too lazy to say anyything that this is a good game
,Recommended,282800,26406451,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,♠ Stale ♠,"If you thought Hearthstone's RNG was bad, wait until you play 100% RNG"
,Recommended,282800,26608782,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Elles,"RNG hates you.RNG absolutely despises you.And that seagull will wreck your day.It's always that bird.You think you're going to win. You're nearly home. And you end up on a red panel. And you see that bird. And it rolls a 7 for its attack.It's always the bird.100% Orange Juice might be totally random and it'll really be like that for a long time, before you can build real decks centered around the character you choose.Then it's still all about randomness and RNG hating you, but a bit less than before.The trick to building decks is to put cards that will benefit you and not the opponents because the chances of drawing your own cards is 1/4.Oh, and what is this game about ? It's a board game. You roll a dice, advance on the board and collect stars or fight other players or mobs to get wins. At every step, you need to choose whether you want to collect a certain number of stars or get some wins. Once you do, you get on a home panel to choose the next step, which is the same but with bigger numbers. There is 5 steps (called norma in the game) to accomplish to win the game and to help you, you use cards coming from a common deck comprised of the cards every player selected before beginning a game.Some characters are fighting oriented and some are stars-collecting oriented and some are mixed but it's up to you how you wanna play it. A fighting win with Marie Poppo is quite hard to achieve but it's quite fun to see."
,Recommended,282800,22107568,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Loliyum 🍭,"100% Orange Juice is a fun board game published by Fruitbat FactoryYou might think the game's online multiplayer isn't active anymore due to the game being released in around 2013, but the publishers still haven't forgotten about it.This game has been updated alot lately and has been improving more and more!There are a variety of characters from the Suguri, Sora, FRB (Flying Red Barrel) and QP Shooting games (You should really check those out!)I believe that Fruitbat Factory will lead this game to an even bigger success then it already is, and I can't wait to see what more we will get.I do have to warn you though, once you play this game, it will take over your entire time. You will lose your stars, money and everything. You will lose everything dear to you and succumb to the Poppo family. Po!Po Po Po! Poppo!"
76561198097903080,Recommended,282800,27458975,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Iceview,Why You should play this game?1 u like orange juice :P2 ur not afraid of rng bullying u3 great community4 u like anime/manga5... there was more reasons y to play 100 % orange juice but Poppo stole rest of them
,Recommended,282800,17685269,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Delmaru,"This game is hard to explain to people who haven't heard or seen it before. It is a very, very luck based board game, in which you kill your opponents and enemies in order to gain wins and stars. Get enough of either, and you can win. Despite being very luck based, it still has a bit of skill and strategy throughout the game. Using various cards and judgement, you can sway the game in your favor just so slightly. The visuals of the game are very pleasing, nothing looks terrible. The music is amazing, especially some of the DLC characters. It may not be a game for everyone, but it is a game you can love (and hate at times) with friends.And you will die. To seagulls. A lot. (Other enemies/characters, but mostly seagulls. Not even kidding)I suggest if you haven't played this game, at least give the demo a go. A fun game that has lots of replayability, especially with friends. You never know what will happen in any specific game of 100% Orange Juice."
76561198043835246,Recommended,282800,33005937,Posted: 29 June,all,Derpy James,"A fast paced board game with a bunch of charming characters and an unpredictable result in every game.It's like playing Mario party but a  lot faster and funnier and saltier. Get ready to lose everything you have and maybe get it back a few turns later, make your best friend hate you after you betray him for his stars or maybe just for stepping in the wrong place. Anything can happen. Pray to the RNG gods and maybe you will make it to the end.It's a game to enjoy and have fun, don't take it to seriously if you get destroyed a few times."
,Recommended,282800,19554223,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SCP,"A great game to play with friends!...as long as you don't take this game so seriously.Go around the board collecting stars or defeating enemies and see who can reach the goal first! It's a bit heavy on the RNG, but is really addictive. Be ready to rage a lot, as you'll often think you're doing great and going fast, then suddenly plummet to last. Good luck!Still worth the buy in my opinion, especially when it's on sale."
,Recommended,282800,12830013,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Aya,"100% RNG Juice is a pretty nice game which brings out the best features of classical board games such as screaming at your super lucky friend who gets all 6s while you sit there stuck only getting 1s. Plus with such a cute artstyle, what could possibly go wrong? I recommened it, mainly for the multiplayer feature. Have a blast with your friend, because by the next day. There will be one less person on your friend list."
76561198010341798,Recommended,282800,12879440,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,luigifan64d,"This game is honestly TOO FUN~ Playing multiplayer is fun, even when inviting people to join you. It's always fun to play and meet new friends in this fun little game~"
,Recommended,282800,12883071,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mimicchest,This is a great game for strengthening friendships by wanting to gouge each others eyes out.
,Recommended,282800,12936066,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,GoldenOuji,"Pudding, I had rage so many time for a pudding...Well worth it. Would try again 10/10."
76561198026217188,Recommended,282800,13193753,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mitchell.P,like bad rats except better
,Recommended,282800,12970664,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Parapraxium,"Super addicting.  It's cute in appearance yet brutally difficult.  It's fun to play against the vicious AI in singleplayer and unlock new cards, characters, and maps, but the online multiplayer experience is where this game really shines - it's immensely entertaining.Also, thank you Fruitbat Factory.  This game is an example of a J-E game translation done right.  It runs well on Windows OS's with appropriate and adjustable resolutions.  They even went and added lots of Steam achievements to the game."
,Recommended,282800,16633451,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Redsnowss,"Lovely game, though heavily reliant on RNG, there are some major strategy elements that makes winning so much more satisfying.Really fun to play with friends as well!"
,Recommended,282800,13215689,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,I'm already under attack,to my surprise this wasn't a game about kouta from kamen rider gaim but in fact it's a game about vibrating anime girls playing mario party
,Recommended,282800,16559528,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,blaine,"Hot Japanese ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Lives!  But in the best way possible.If you've ever had the baffling thrill of grabbing a random, Japanese tabletop style video game from an import shop or online (particularly in the heyday of the Dreamcast), then 100% Orange Juice is like a visit from a long lost friend.The rules are, without the instructions, indecipherable for the first 5 minutes. Then slowly you start to understand... and then realize you didn't understand, but you're winning... you think... and then the computer does something nuts and they win.And it seems like the game is aware of it! Play the demo. You'll take the role of a character who has had his wallet stolen by a girl who only says 'Popopo'. Amidst this nonsense, your character is able to deduce she stole your wallet and you have to challenge her to a battle. After winning the game, your character actually asks ""What happened? Who won?"".Visually the game has a nice, colorful style. Not a ton of animation, nor overly impressive effects, but totally acceptable. 100% Orange Juice has a crazy, MIDI sax and bass soundtrack that was very commonplace in most early 2000's import games. The far-east-space-jazz is punctuated with high pitched anime screams, and seiyu voice overs, exactly like you need it to be.The publisher is a genius for localizing this game, and not bothering with localized audio.For the gameplay, most of the reviews I've seen I agree with; It's unfair, capricous, rage inducing, awesome, and so much fun to play. It's like a guy who plays too much Chutes and Ladders, met a guy who is obsessed with Risk. They went to CoCo Ichiban in Akihabara, ate experimental curry, and decided to make a video game combining their passions.And instead of the light-RPG elements that you might expect, there are instead light-CCG elements, and it's fun to unlock booster packs!Stay wierd, Japan. The world needs you more than ever."
,Recommended,282800,27024838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Witch uwu,"A really great game with the most friendly community I've ever seen! :3And remember, Poppoalwayswins."
,Recommended,282800,29003810,Posted: 4 January,all,Panty McSpankybuns,The heart of the cards are a lie.
,Recommended,282800,33257748,Posted: 4 July,all,Fragolino,"This game is really simple, addictive and rage indulcing. Perfect to kill time with your friends.May the RNG gods bless you."
,Recommended,282800,33289848,Posted: 5 July,all,Tjarnov,"Friend tells me to buy the game (it's like 1,50 euros so might as well).Game looks cute.Play first game multiplayer with 2 friends.Have no idea what is going on or what anything does.Gets knocked out a couple times, caracters still look cute though.Find out you have to get the stars.Manage to kill the boss.Now have 700+ stars.Get achievement for it wich only 5,5% of people have.Win game.10/10 Would recommendGame is fun though but you need some luck with the RNG"
,Recommended,282800,27320009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Itsuke,Fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,282800,26870029,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|EK|Major|UB|,Awesome
,Recommended,282800,27408755,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ScarletInk 🌼☀,"100OJ for ""Best Use of Farm Animal"" award! ...the game is pretty fun too."
,Recommended,282800,13950061,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,何?!,This game will ♥♥♥♥ you harder than life itself
,Recommended,282800,27124007,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lullypawp,"A game I bought since I found it cute. Played it for a while in campaign,and was really confused, and never played it for a year. Until one day I found out that there was an ending halloween event, and bored of my games I thought, ""Heck, why the hell not."" I tried multiplayer and the experience was just very enjoyable. The community is small but very dedicated and most of them are friendly and helpful to new players. The game is actually in-depth, requiring more strategy for a board game than you might think, and the DLCs do not feel like a scam at all, as they add variety to the experience. A hell of a good game, made me stop playing G-mod for a while, and that is an amazing feat lol."
,Recommended,282800,25276580,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Rion,"I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end, CPU wins. Story of my life."
76561198022751724,Recommended,282800,13540957,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Fates Inferno,totally kawaii 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,282800,27197080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,★Chimo,Rng based board game with cards and different characters.
,Recommended,282800,27490710,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bananacake304,I've wasted my life
,Recommended,282800,13580183,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nyandemo,100% Salty.I've played mario party with hardcore ultra-competitive types. The kind of people who practice the mini-games and expect no less of you. I have seen saltyness that would make looking back at sodom seem low sodium heart friendly. This game puts all that to shame. Every character has a unique way to be annoying as ♥♥♥♥. Every map has a way of ♥♥♥♥ing you over. You can choose to prioritize coins or combat to complete normas (akin of getting stars in mario party) but you'll always complete the one you didn't select first.In short 10/10 perfect party game.
,Recommended,282800,32962960,Posted: 28 June,all,Stryker,"Great game. Its one of those games you play with a bunch of friends while you talk about your day, games are really fun and a lot of the character based mechanics add for a lot of varied gameplay. There is a singleplayer mode which is also pretty fun, and there are ranks with multiplayer unlocks if you're like me and like to have goals in games."
,Recommended,282800,23784460,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,A Buffalo☭ | G.J Gardener Homes,I REALLY hate this game
,Recommended,282800,29263323,Posted: 14 January,all,Gravelore,"A bittersweet game, moments of splendor and absolute savagry.The objective is to gain 200 stars, either fight other players or enemies on the board to accumulate stars or land on a space. Upon completing your ""norma"" which varies on the selected character and the player's choice, you will do this until reaching 200 stars and leveling to 5 (5 Stars). But wait, there's more; assuming you're doing well and everyone is behind you, they'll try to stop you from taking the game and will KO you to prevent a win and take your stars (which you ♥♥♥♥ing need to win). The further the game draws out, the more intense the game becomes and the stakes raise even higher.Pick your cards and char carefully. Dont u evade unless you know you can roll higher than a 3. Always defend especially if its a 4."
76561198077806986,Recommended,282800,33827354,Posted: 27 July,all,Raioknight,"Great board game, I can say that it is like a child of Dokapon Kingdom and Fortune Street.Roll a dice, Move around various maps with various routes and maybe gain/lose stars, draw cards or even fight enemies/other players.A lot of this game is goal based making you either level up by KO'ing enough enemies or players or gather enough stars.You can even use card's in your favor used in or out of battle with each character having a unique card exclusive to them.The game is also really RNG based since it is a board game but that means no skill is required!The graphics are pretty good and the music is great!I easily got addicted and managed to accumulate around 30 hours within a week or twoMy only problem about the game is the excessive amount of DLC.About half the characters are DLC and most of them are really good with their own themes blocked by a paywall.But that can easily be circumvented by a Steam sale."
,Recommended,282800,33848993,Posted: 27 July,all,Cilvery,Found a reason to start fight with my friends and this is all I need :D #JK
76561198054125976,Recommended,282800,35155528,Posted: 23 September,all,BatSkink,Music is killer.
76561198194938338,Recommended,282800,33545239,Posted: 14 July,all,RemilJones,Should be renamed to 100%RAGEJuicePretty good but RNGesus rules this game.
,Recommended,282800,34616165,Posted: 30 August,all,Fatih,i hate it
,Recommended,282800,34875442,Posted: 10 September,all,OtakuSocks òωó,the cute girls make up for the infuriating 1s you roll every turn
,Recommended,282800,35078270,Posted: 19 September,all,Azma,10/10 game! It has ruined many friendships
,Recommended,282800,35200523,Posted: 25 September,all,Eraise,Interestrd for playing this game :) like a Monopoly but it is have a Attack mode (Battle) and collect many Stars for win :)
76561198010478706,Recommended,282800,34803970,Posted: 7 September,all,Poninoreo,"This is 20% luck, 10% skill15% concentrated power of will5% pleasure, 50% saltAnd a HYAAKU PAASENTO ORENJI JUUSU~In all seriousness, I was pleasantly surprised with this game and so were my friends. It's fun, addicting, and easy to understand, with a bunch of cute accessories and hair dyes to collect for your favorite character(s). There's room for adaptability in playstyles, so by all means try out all the different characters! The only downside is that the AI gets ridiculous rolls if you play at anything above Normal mode, and also if you are prone to getting angry over completely RNG-based games, or if you value your friendships, you maaaay not wanna pick up this game.If destroying glimmers of hope in your friends as a super kawaii waifu is YOUR idea of fun! Pick up this game today! (Wait for a sale, I got my copy for like $1.50)"
,Recommended,282800,35047329,Posted: 18 September,all,Kagetora,The best way to lose friendships.You lose friends but win cute clothes to Suguri/orange juice games characters.It's a fair trade.
,Recommended,282800,35347617,Posted: 30 September,all,Aurora,Wanted something for when I was bored and didn't have effort to put into a game. Ended up with a new addiction instead.
,Recommended,282800,34850534,Posted: 9 September,all,Grape-Kun,freezes video when opening overlay or moving mouse outside of the window. OK game otherwise
,Recommended,282800,34773079,Posted: 6 September,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"U have come to the right part of the Steam store, my friend :)"
,Recommended,282800,34784782,Posted: 6 September,all,StarDash,"100% orange juicemonopoly game with deck management and unique map.Beware, heavy RNG reliant.You pick 10 card to put on your deck then start rolling the dice and bullying other player.pros+ fun to play with friends or strangers (up to 4 player)+ cute artstyle (most of them are adorable)+ bullying other person is the fun partcons- RNG reliant like..every turn is rolling dice, even battle is rolling dice- the card shop let u buy one card RANDOMLY (again, RNG reliant)- so many dlc for character and their deck (although it's dirt cheap)- makes u angry for waiting other player's turn.should i buy it ?yes, i bought 4 pack to play with my friend, don't expect much to play with other stranger.should you buy it ?NO, well.. yes if you like board game. But still, i recommend you to buy it while at sales and buy 4pack to play with your friends"
76561198403207009,Recommended,282800,35058725,Posted: 18 September,all,alpemi.kanon,"Entretenido para pasar el rato con amigos, o mandarlos a cagar al toque"
,Recommended,282800,34796702,Posted: 7 September,all,『Lehmecun』,RNG at its best
76561198098165046,Recommended,282800,35037372,Posted: 17 September,all,Pedro,"This isn't a fun game.I started playing as QP, every time I tried to attack Suguri she would dodge my attack and kill me.I then started playing as Suguri, got 7 rolled by every possible seagul, died to all bosses and when I finally would win my stars were stolen by a weird kid named MariePoppo.10/10 would lose 2 tiles away from home again. : ("
,Recommended,282800,34750706,Posted: 4 September,all,Nathan,"This game is like Mario Party, Trading Card Games, and Anime got put into a blender; and out popped some really tasty juice. 100% Orange Juice. I found this game to be very entertaining in the 'story mode' as it;s just a short cutscene and off you go into a game with AI opponents. 100% OJ may not seem very complex at first glance; seeming to benothing more than an anime themed boadgame; but it has a lot of intricate stratagy and planning that is cruicial to winning. Mario Party is actually a great example of how this game is build; compete with some friends (Or if you're short on those the AI will do too...)The goal is to get the more stars than your opponents but also get to the final character 'level' first. It throws in some TCG esque booster pack DLC stuff to get more cards; and they're nice for players who want to get all possible ones (They have really nicely drawn art too.) It has a great OST that really fits the art style quite well. The OJ brand as a whole has lots of characters to love and with plenty of DLC at decent prices; you can't go wrong getting one or two.100% Orange Juice is very well designed game that would actually be cool to have in a physical copy; not so much as to play but more so to frame the cards. It's great that there is an option to buy a 4 Pack so you can play with friends and the DLC are all of the highest of quality. Overall; this is a great game for anyone who wants a good computer based boardgame, or just wants to spend an evening with some super adorable chibis."
,Recommended,282800,28584847,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Some Dude,"Whip out the eggnog and buckle your seatbelt because Buzzfeed's Number One game of the year has come back with a crazy host of characters. Now featuring the porn visual novel protagonist never before seen, and all of the girls he's slept with, this game packs 3 hoots and half a cup of sugar. I'd rate this game Canada / Mario and Sonic at the Winter olympic Games 2014."
76561198202052040,Recommended,282800,32693700,Posted: 23 June,all,ZEEEEEEEEEEE,Salt guarantee
,Recommended,282800,11109573,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sprink,Very unforgiving and ruthlessBut REALLY fun
,Recommended,282800,32706541,Posted: 23 June,all,Aleks !,waiting for the plushies
76561198070697304,Recommended,282800,17499183,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Spooky Blue,10/10 would break laptop again
,Recommended,282800,24605560,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Senpai,It's like Mario Party with waifus!
,Recommended,282800,11612542,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Cerzel,"100% Orange Juice is a game that has absolutely nothing to do with orange juice, and everything to do with wanting to violently murder your friends until you can make a winery of their blood.Wait, is that the 100% orange juice?"
76561198101624416,Recommended,282800,23653111,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Bandicoot720,"Pretty fun game to just chill and talk to people while playing an RNG based board game with silly little characters, I always find myself coming back to more than other Steam games because it never loses its charm."
,Recommended,282800,23467630,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ooi,This game is good. I just bought it. Played for 6 hours straight when I'm supposed to complete my assignment ._.
76561198040459106,Recommended,282800,26414472,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Goblerino,"This game got some real juicy gameplay, definitely worth 6,99€!"
,Recommended,282800,29796034,Posted: 8 February,all,LiptonTea,"Probably a game for you if you don't want to put much brain power into it, despite the weight of RNG on the game.Playing with friends is always a thumbs up.Game is pretty easy to pick up.It's a game where you don't have to grind for epic cards to win, as a result of RNG playing a huge role in the game.Keeps the game relatively balanced.Large selecting of characters to unlock (although you can choose 4 initially)"
76561198110063919,Recommended,282800,28545793,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Akane茜,nice game
,Recommended,282800,10812420,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,twitch.tv/tofutehsurvivor,The anime girls are kawaii.
,Recommended,282800,10963679,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bran-nyan,All the rage of Mario Party and none of the mini-games.Best game on Steam.
,Recommended,282800,10157492,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Konachibi,"I never thought I'd find myself getting addicted to a digital board game outside of Sonic Shuffle.Paint me impressed, this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,282800,10546891,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sprinkles,It takes a few minutes to understand it all.10/10
,Recommended,282800,11359395,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,doe,Suguri is best girl.10/10.
,Recommended,282800,10685961,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Seraph,"Truly, a game among champions.Warning: May destroy friendships."
,Recommended,282800,11918719,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Black★RockShooter,This is a game I could sit and play 24/7. Its that entertaining. Enough said.
,Recommended,282800,11699206,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Sir Pooty Poot,This game might be easy on it's first few rounds but then it beginns to kick your butt so hard that you will lay in a corner and cry. I rate 10 Poppos out of 10
,Recommended,282800,14814412,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Reiji,"Perfect for those moments when you want to gather some friends, get in a voice chat and scream at each other.Joking aside, I like the variety this game has to offer. Once you've gathered some stars and begin browsing the shop, you can mix and match characters and cards to create any play style you like.The singleplayer campaign's main purpose is to help unlock new characters. Beware the later episodes.The DLC is entirely optional, and only expands further on the game's variety."
,Recommended,282800,10163865,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Huntreimu,"Looking for some fun or rage against you're friends or the AI? Well nearly every game like this will do that but this one seems to have a nice balance. With a lot of events and mechanics made fair to everyone (RNG seagulls away!) the game combines a mix of strategy/ play making that is combined with some RNG's to win.The game is visually appealing in any eye in my opinion, as cartoonish art styles can last a lot longer then any high end cawa dooty graphics can. and the music is fairly vast with tracks for each character and board.100% Orange juice is pretty much a mix between Mario party and Dokapon kingdom in terms of mechanics so if that's what you're looking for at a cheap price then you got the party game for you and you're friends (seriously the 4 pack is basically 2 packs for free and thats a cool deal).Boardgame video games like this rarely show up on the PC which makes them a great treat when they do make them for PC.10/10 would recommend for anyone looking for a party board game on the PC!Also praise Poppo!"
,Recommended,282800,10164431,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,SilentCaay,Very cute board game with dice battling and collectible card game elements. It has online play as well as single player campaigns. Check it out!
,Recommended,282800,10595617,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kironide,this is the best game i've ever played
76561198057780177,Recommended,282800,11530555,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,BeauKnows,Dark Souls 2 clone. 10 out of 10
76561198073976105,Recommended,282800,11734820,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Ghostie☆,10/10 would stab friends again
,Recommended,282800,16874542,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Aya,"So far this is a game that you want to play with your friends .  Just find few kewl friends you have and play this game with them over a voice talk. The fun level spikes to the highest as you learn to betray your friends and learn that when you are 1 HP , no one is your friend."
,Recommended,282800,17707424,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Eefotje (Squid Guy),"I thought that this game might be fun for me and my friends. This game is pretty hard. Luckily, me and my friends aren't bad losers. We play this game together and laugh at every sudden turn of events. This boardgame is a lot luck-based but pretty strategic as well. But because this game is luck-based, all my friends win once and a while keeping it fun. I bought the four-pack for 5 euro's, thinking I would get an hour of 3-5 in the game with friends. Time goes by extremely fast playing this game. And that's good. It's means I'm having fun. It makes me think of strategies, try new characters en have fun with my friends. If you're into games that are pretty much luck-based and just want to have fun. Buy this game, on sale is best.Bonus: Have a look at the community hub for art. Lots of jokes about the hated playable character: Mariepoppo. You'll understand within an hour why."
,Recommended,282800,15554140,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Cinnamon Best Girl,"100% Orange Juice is like life.It's entirely chance based,Whenever it seems like you are going to win, you won't,Whenever it seems like you will lose, you will,Whenever you are ahead, you will be put behind by your friend so that they can get put behind by your other friend, and so on,and by the time the round finally ends, all four people are frustrated, and three of them want to kill the other one.There will be tears.100% Orange Juice/100%Do not buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,282800,17054944,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Twiggy Boy,I'm not a good person no more !I am delivered !I don't like being kind no more !I said I like to give pain !*Dance like a mad man while the priest accepts me in the church of the community of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s players of this game*
,Recommended,282800,17485942,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,PhantomCat,"Very Unique Style Board Game, Casual Game-Level Up-Use Lots of Characters-Buy Random Cards-It's really FUn!8/10"
,Recommended,282800,13616397,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,★Nico★,"Walking in the street,a minute into the game when my pudding was stolen from me. I am now emotionally devastated.10/10 would become emotionally scarred again, never forget"
76561198049432668,Recommended,282800,19890142,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Burgie,"TL;DRI like the game, good price, RNG hates you, fun with friends every now and then if you like the board game styleProsAdjustable speed settingsMusicBrutalConsSoundsGameplayI like the game, honestly. It's fun to play and quite brutal in the fact a match is a mix of different playstles and objectives, mixed with luck/RNG. The way to win a game is to complete objectives, or Norma. The objectives are either to collect stars, and you can choose to play passively like this, or to defeat enemies/monsters on the board, so a more aggressive play-style. Stars is a safer style but you run the risk of losing half your stars on being knocked unconscious, and playing aggressive is riskier but more fast paced if you spend the game hunting things down and killing them. (And make everyone else annoyed with you and consequently revenge hunt.)You can defend attacks and take a set amount of damage, or evade to take no damage, or tank the full amount if you fail to dodge.Luck is not going to always be on your side, especially with the traps and events set around the board. But ah well.It's simple mechanics that can be massively sped up if you want a faster paced game, and I like that, especially as I can get bored fast if I have to spend too much time on the turns or waiting for my turn. Graphics are chibi anime style, nothing special but cute enough.Deceivingly cute when that adorable dog girl is beating you unconscious.I like the game but I wouldn't want to play it for too long.The sounds are ok, but if you hear them happening throughout the duration of a game it gets fast annoying, so I would honestly prefer to play without sound. However the music you can leave on in my opinion.Want moar?Click here to join my steam groupandClick here to follow my curator page!"
,Recommended,282800,20214628,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Littho,As refreshing as a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice.
,Recommended,282800,20368469,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,apple,100% anger
,Recommended,282800,19542637,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dawn Sky,"Test your luck and your friendships as you embark on an endless journey to loathing and self-indulgence by means of A BOARD GAME complete with a set of cards that can very well tell your friend to ♥♥♥♥ off entirely.Disclaimer: When playing the game, do not be alarmed at the sudden shrinkage of your friends list as this is commonplace when playing 100% Orange Juice™"
,Recommended,282800,20301130,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kris Dusk Luna,"A great card board game (no pun intended), to play with your friends.... or maybe not if you absolutely don't wanna risk messing up friendships.Kawaii characters, graphics, great OST and loads of fun for all ages! This game packed with vitamin C goodness is definitely worth every penny.The game is heavily RNG-based, yet fairly balanced (unless you're playing against ""extreme"" difficulty AIs, in which you are gonna get rekt no matter how).Though that's not to say there is completely no skill involved, there's plenty of difficult decision-making, as well as cards and characters to familiarise yourself with. Reading your opponent as well as calculating probability are both important too.The best way to learn the game is to just play it and ask others questions along the way, so far IMO the community is pretty nice and given the way this game works, it doesn't really make much sense to rage at anyone besides RNGesus.But once you've learned the ropes, the game gets addicting real quick, and before you know it - you'd be drinking orange juice everyday!"
76561198024040842,Recommended,282800,17528191,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Rayce Farelle,Only took me about 20 minutes to learn while breifly skimming the instructions.Cute. Simple. Fun. And cutthroat.
,Recommended,282800,22746036,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sharon Kreuger,"If you like cute card/board game, get it, a lot of RNG though."
,Recommended,282800,22683282,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[HTT✰] Sumire Saitou る,This game is simply addictive.It will make you laugh. It will make you cry. It will make you rage like no other game (other than CS:GO).
,Recommended,282800,28978517,Posted: 3 January,all,Voidsword,"While some might criticize the choice strictly for the themes involved, 100% OJ is actually a very well-structured and fairly balanced game. Easy to learn but tough to master, it's nice to pass the time with and has plenty of replayability in terms of multiplayer and the near infinite combinations of decks, characters, and maps. There's also plenty to unlock in terms of cosmetics, and it's especially refreshing to see a game completely free of micro-transactions and the pay-to-win mentality, as none of the unlockables give any advantage, just spruce up characters to taste. Not to mention the game is still being supported years after release with content updates, DLCs, new achievements, and seasonal events.One bit of advice though: Stay off the boards. While at times friendly, the community is surprisingly elitist when it comes down to it, perhaps because the Fruitbat devs monitor their forums closely enough to equate feedback into rebalancing, and this has spoiled the recipients somewhat. That or they were just ****s to begin with. Decide for yourself."
,Recommended,282800,14814354,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,my cat is here,cute girls cute songs cute cardsevil diceyou must pray to the gods of the 1 before every roll in order to achieve enlightenment
76561198050138354,Recommended,282800,28244386,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Smilax,Great game to play with friends or randoms online. Terrible game to play by yourself. The single player story mode can be very unforgiving.
,Recommended,282800,28097152,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Vayru,"A very simplistic and fun ""Board"" Game. The Chibi Art style works really well.Brings characters from other Orange Juice developer titles such as Suguri, QP Shooting Dangerous, and Flying Red Barrel.Dice rolls can either bring sweet victory or salty defeat. Different cards can change entire situations around.Would recommend playing with friends."
,Recommended,282800,30998435,Posted: 7 April,all,Рафал改,"Cute game 100% orange juice but my soul is 100% black do I deserve to play such a cute game? Maybe when I am on drugs, then my soul is 100% rainbows LOL xD"
,Recommended,282800,12023143,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Rurin,"This is like Mario Party and Yu-gi-oh combined. With anime grils. If you like any of those things, you'll probably like this. If you don't like any of those things, you'll probably still like this."
,Recommended,282800,34958697,Posted: 14 September,all,Merengil,"Cute graphics, nice and addictive gameplay, great characters, much Poppo.It's very cheap compared to the amount of fun it gives with its high replayability and multiplayer mode :D great for an evening with friends or other online players (the player base is very nice and doesn't take the game too seriously)Just get it and have fun :D"
,Recommended,282800,17592038,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,OhDatsApplesMate,Hime taught me a new fetish.
,Recommended,282800,18061797,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Rixen,Have you played Mario Party? This is anime Mario Party.But with no minigames and more broken friendships.
,Recommended,282800,19243877,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,PEMDAS,No high fructose corn syrup :^)
,Recommended,282800,13338774,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Stylo,"Features:This game keeps it 100, like the Romans.Goes from 0-100% OJ in the toss of a die.Final Verdict: Recommended for those tired of fake OJ or OJ with lower-than 100% orange juice content."
,Recommended,282800,13609366,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Chubs,"It's a fun game, also the funnest way to ruin friendships."
76561198080557981,Recommended,282800,17627112,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ポッポタト,No idea what I was doing.10/10 for kawaii-ness
,Recommended,282800,16518514,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jacquelle,"Do you want to hate games, your friends, random numbers, anime catgirls, and literally everything else? This is the game for you."
,Recommended,282800,10159178,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Person 404 the Nebulous,"Short Review:I've never rolled snake eyes so often before in my life. 1/1Long Review:Summary:100% Orange Juice! is an objective based board game featured an all-star cast from doujin game developer Orange_Juice (hence the title). Originally a single-player only game, Fruitbat Factory has improved the game for its Steam release with widescreen support and HD assets, online multiplayer, character skins, post-launch DLC (with cooperation from Orange_Juice themselves) and continuous updates bringing extra content, fixes and balance changes.What to expect:- Single-player story campaign with difficulty levels ranging from fair to loaded.- A large cast of characters with varying playstyles and unique musical themes.- Objectives: collect stars or just go around punching things.- Dice rolls. A lot of them.- Collectible cards and a myriad of strategies around them.- Risk-reward decision making. This game teaches probability!- Lobby-based online play with a (largely) friendly community.- In-game text chat to yell at friends and strangers alike.- Costume customisation to stand out from the rest.- Chaotic games featuring crippling defeats and incredible victories.- Pudding, strong birds and star-stealing demon spawn.- Valuable life lessons:don't be afraid to fail.And Poppo always wins."
,Recommended,282800,29708913,Posted: 4 February,all,Bred,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198011614926,Recommended,282800,10161663,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Wily Westerner,"My new favorite board game. Also, a lackluster TCG and fast-paced RPG.Do not be fooled by the cutesy graphics. This is a very well-developed game.Starting with the trading card game elements, there aren't very many cards and there's no trading. Still, this game uses a rather clever solution for balance: each player picks a handful of cards from their own collection and those get put into a communal deck to be used by any player. When selecting cards, you have to weigh the value of how much it can help you if you get it against the impact of it being used by another player. Card types include ""boost,"" ""trap,"" ""battle,"" and ""unit"" cards.On the RPG side of things, there are a few selectable characters who each have their own short, comedic story, but these stories aren't really focused on enough to be factored into the decision to purchase the game. Each character has different stats; one has +0 to all stats while another has +2 attack and -1 defense and evasion while yet another has +1 to all while having reduced HP. These stats can only be changed temporarily by using cards; there are no stat level ups, which helps keep things from getting too imbalanced. Having low values for all these stats helps make combat go faster. The stats are added to the value of die rolls to determine damage, and when you only have ~5 max HP, every point matters. Each character also has their own unique ""hyper"" ability that is activated by cards in the communal deck.During combat, the attacker rolls first. The defender then chooses whether to defend or attempt to evade. After the aggressor's attack, the victim then counterattacks with the same mechanics if they were not slain.While the characters do not gain experience, stats, or abilities, you (the player) do. Each match played online gives experience based on how well you ended up doing and level ups unlock more stuff to purchase in the shop including more characters.The boardgame mixes strategy with luck. There's enough luck involved that a player who is down is not truly out until the game's finished, and a player with a large lead is not safe until landing on the finish. I've seen many examples of come-from-behind victories and large leads falling to pieces, and these ups and downs help keep the game fun and interesting when playing with other players. As far as strategy goes, you can pick routes when the path branches (altering the distance to home), you pick when to play cards, and when passing another player you can choose to stop on their square and battle them with victory awarding you half their stars and +2 win points. The goal of the game is to meet an ever increasing goal of either stars or combat wins (player's choice) and reach a home point to turn in that goal (and thus reach the next goal tier, with 5 being the final tier, earning victory when cleared). Wins always go up but can be difficult to get while stars are easier to earn yet just as easy to lose. There are also plenty of boards with very different layouts which helps the game stay fun after multiple play sessions.The game is mostly suited for online play (though it does have a single player campaign and free mode), and it has a few things of note in that area. The game uses Steam servers to form lobbies and you can have a match with random players. During a normal turn, you get 60 seconds before the AI takes over for you, so it's not too much of a problem if players leave their keyboard for a bit. When attacked, you are given 40 seconds to decide what to do, but the other player's clock freezes after they make a choice, so you can't outwait them for the sake of taking advantage of enemy AI. When doing a revival roll, you are given less time.Addtionally, Fruitbat Factory has been quite active in the community as well as busy adding content and rebalancing things.Verdict:The game looks quirky enough that I wouldn't normally recommend it, but it makes for one heck of a cheap party game. If you and up to 3 friends are looking for a casual game to play online in which all players remain on equal ground and can get this cheap, it comes highly recommended. If you do not have 3 friends, bots or random players will fill in the missing spots."
,Recommended,282800,13930008,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,♔ Monztahr ♔Thank you ;w;,A fun game which is easy to learn but hard to master.The art design is smooth for all Otaku players and the music is calm enough to not stress a person.In my opinion it´s worth every penny! :3
,Recommended,282800,10158691,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,"Pleinair, The Immovable","Its GOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME. 5 hours of not EVER winning, lvl 5 atm and I STILL LIKE THE GOD DAM GAME. WHAT THAT HAVE NO TURN for 12 TURNS STRAIGHT? I DONT MIND, ITS ♥♥♥♥ING FUN! :9 (with friends of course, single players a pain)"
,Not Recommended,282800,32855054,Posted: 27 June,all,Isfan,"The games are very long and require almost no skill.  Expect to spend an hour watching RNG be nice or mean to you.This wouldn't be so bad if the games were shorter, or if there wasn't a campaign mode where the odds are stacked against you.  I beat the campaign with a single character, and the last stage took so many tries for the luck to just be in my favor enough to get away with a victory.It's less of a game and more of an RNG-experience that takes just too long for what it is."
,Recommended,282800,11679988,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,cocky,"5 friendships later, this game is still as good as it was when i first played it. never gets old"
,Recommended,282800,11958942,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,𝐿𝒶z𝑒e𝓇r／／,"more masochistic/harder than dark souls, great gameand im not just saying that because of the art style, thats just a +1"
,Recommended,282800,11798821,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Kodokuna Akuma,"a great fun game to play with friends and strangers alike, the anime style graphics look nice and really add to the feel of the game.-Gameplay-the gameplay is an interesting mix between your average board game, turn based combat and card game aspects, all fitting together nicely for fun and amusing gameplay experience.-Singleplayer-the campain seems to have an fairly interesting story to it if not amusing at least ;p (not finished them)-Multiplayer-i truely think this is the highlight, as playing with toher peoples allows for a more amusing experience, with having the ability to text chat people in the lobby (clicking enter). Setting up a server or a ""lobby"" is simple with the choice of password or not, you can start it without require 4 people as the blanks will be filled in by AI's where people can choose mid game to spectate and even join in if they want to, also we a person leaves they get replaced with AI to help keep the games running smoothly."
76561198080743750,Recommended,282800,19471516,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Dean of Dean Uni,The only time i'll ever be ♥♥♥♥ed up the♥♥♥♥♥by girls10/10
,Recommended,282800,26078996,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Cyclo,"This is a strange meal. It looks cutesy and the taste is sweet, but it appears to have been made for multiple people, yet made so that somebody gets the short end of the stick.An adorable meal that may end friendships. Be warned."
76561198000787401,Recommended,282800,16409856,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TsukasaLover,RNG GOD
76561198038247668,Recommended,282800,17395194,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,56 year old man,"""What the ♥♥♥♥, why did I even use blow crow the second if I'm just going to roll a one anyways ♥♥♥♥ this"" -Peat"
,Recommended,282800,15315338,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Purplella,I would like some Orange Juice with my bacon please. This is a great game.
76561198028216825,Recommended,282800,27634682,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lexiimino,Great even when RNG conspires against you
,Recommended,282800,11786948,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Titus,wtf she just stole my pudding
,Recommended,282800,15959003,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Big P [PENISLORD20XX],"100% Weeb-y Fun. Get your friends and have a blast, or really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when you roll thirty consecutive 1's."
76561198107219020,Recommended,282800,24324706,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dokidoki,"It's adorable, easy to pick up, and a great game to play with friends. The RNG is absolute♥♥♥♥♥though, be ready to get very angry at cute anime girls over dice rolls."
,Recommended,282800,26783526,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,「Hanako」,"Do you love board games? If yes, you should definitely buy this. It is great for 4 player parties and if you're as competitive as I am, you'll get really, really angry at how you'll feel this game is throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥at you. But still, I freaking love it.Plus it has all this japanese/weeb style art and voices that I love, so if you're into these kinds of stuff, you have another reason to have it."
,Recommended,282800,19880519,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,OUR HOUSE,buy it now please
,Recommended,282800,12496339,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RarLian,You must buy this game. It is a gift from the jap gods!
,Recommended,282800,12309633,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,SoraHST,"If you want to play this game, and you should, you better be a forgiving person.RNG is going to ♥♥♥♥ you over so many times you'll never want to drink orange juice again due to the PTSD you'll have gotten from this game.Soon all hope of ever achieving anything will evaporate from your life.The game will play cheery music as you roll 2's every time you get KO'ed so you can't get revived.The AI will use boost cards that get them to 10+ attack so you can't really do anything to survive.Somehow they will always roll what they need in order to land on the home tile.And if you do somehow win, just know that every level you progress in a campaign, the more the cute characters want you to fail.This game is 20% skill, 10% luck and 70% RNG bias against you.Rather, we should rename this game ""100% NotWhatYouWantedToRoll""Anyways, it is a whole lot of fun, and muliplayer is good too. If you don't like the RNG bias, then play the campaigns on casual. You'll have a great time, I promise."
,Recommended,282800,16570140,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Studious,"It's like if monopoly, mario party, and anime had a baby; but with PVP and no minigames. It's interesting in its own way, and very simple to learn. It takes maybe two games to grasp fully. From there, its all about how you want to play. Its complex, while retaining its juicy, sweet exterior. Definately pick this one up for a party game if you got some extra money. Single player just isn't as fun."
,Recommended,282800,16680018,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Frosti3S,There are only a few cases of a game being so good that I played it for 13 hours straight on the first time and this is one of them.
,Recommended,282800,12521026,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Big Daddy Buddha,Raged and broke my mouse 10/10
76561198053079006,Recommended,282800,16571931,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shoe Rat,Its a board game that made me lose all of my friends but it was worth it.10/10 no skill is best skill
,Recommended,282800,16799781,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Aiko ♥,"I just got the game so there isnt too much I can say about it but I will say what I know. I havn't tried single player nor do I want to, this game is really fun to play with friends. It also ruins friendships, Even if you have no one to play with there is multiplayer lobbies with ingame text chat. So yea I would recommend it. 9/Loli girls. 10/10 guy rips their shirt off. Have fun out there. ^w^ Also ♥♥♥♥ seagulls."
,Recommended,282800,15301766,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,121GWJolt,"100% guaranteed to turn you into a masochist.You will play.You will rage.You will make bad rolls.You will not find the RNG God is with you.You will lose all your friends.You will become addicted and find out, to your horror, that you cannot stop....And you will LIKE IT!10/10 will need rehab.----------------Seriously, though, this game is amazing.  While some audiences might be put off by certain aspects of this game's ""cover"", the game itself is actually very fun with replay value through the roof!  The game is balanced, well-developed, and surprisingly deep.  While RNG elements are very prevalent in this game, there is a certain amount of skill introduced with the cards, battle system, and choosing your path on the board (ie. where to go, who to fight, and whether or not to stop at home).  The battle system is simple, yet not any more or less so than necessary.  The characters are all balanced and the varying stats between them is a welcome difference as compared to Mario Party.  The multiplayer is only lacking because there aren't enough people playing this game yet (which needs to change).  But the people there so far are amazing.  I hop into the middle of a game as a spectator and made a new friends before even becoming a player (and it wasn't a random FR, for the record).Everything balances out in terms of randomness and difficulty.  You'll find yourself having days where you can't win anything, and then you'll bne like me where you win 3 MP games in a row as Yuki, then come in second to Yuki on Tomomo's board, only to win against Tomomo the following round and feel like a lumberjacking boss.  Anyone can win/lose to anyone else.  No two games ever wind up the same, and even the DLC is balanced.More constant fun than many games give you for significantly less than any AAA title on the market.Seriously, 10/10.  Wouldragebuy agian.  (Probably will; it'd make a Nice Present for my friends.)But Tomomo is stll a trucking pain in the donkey."
,Recommended,282800,13935032,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Planter,Prepare to be tested by the RNG gods as they either give you grace or smite you with the worst dice rolls in history
76561198100047249,Recommended,282800,11793116,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Unique Moe Gurl,"It's a fun game, especially with friends (obviously). Either way it's fun and cute, it's worth a shot."
,Recommended,282800,12254962,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Oni_Metsu,"100% Orange Juice is a game that when you look at it, seems very similar to Mario Party. In a sense, it is. You collect Stars and cards in order to help you progress through the game. You roll a dice and move around the board and land on a space that has various effects ranging from you to collecting stars or cards, to losing stars and fighting enemies. Now, that's where the similarities end really. 100% OJ is by far more rutheless than Mario Party. Maybe it's just my luck, but even on normal the cpus are brutal and out for blood. If you make one wrong move, or if the game decides it hates you then you can very well go from a blazing lead to being in dead last within the span of a few turns. Now, despite that, the game itself is a lot of fun. Sure, it's a board game with goals that range from collecting a certain amount of stars, knocking out a certain amount of people or a combination of the both.The game has only 3 modes really, campaign, single matches and multiplayer. Now with any board game, playing with friends is what makes it really shine a bit more. You can play with up to three other friends, using whatever characters you unlocked, making a deck of x amount of cards and then you're put into a board, fighting or running for your life (depending on your play style and character as all characters have different stats.) in order to gain first prize. Now, with all three game modes you ear stars (which are this games currency to buy items from the store.) But only in multiplayer can you gain exp to level up and unlock new items to purchase and the sort, which the game has a decent amount of. Honestly, I suggest giving the demo a try to get a feel for the game, then convince some friends to get the game as well or find some people that would want to play. All in all, it's a fun game but can be frustrating."
,Recommended,282800,11762214,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Taymor,"Truly a board game for a new generation. With four grown men in a teamspeak server, this game is truly endless fun. 10/10 most definitely game of the year all years ever."
,Recommended,282800,11700052,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Mekia、M,very fun kawaii desu anime board game
,Recommended,282800,27435502,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Naikou,100% Orange Juice is like playing mario party but with Anime characters. Destroys friendships but with anime.
,Recommended,282800,15214807,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Shana,"Oh you have many good friends?Go play this and slowly watch your friendship crumble.Also play this to see how much your luck gets f*cked in the *ss.PS: If you see a seagul... RUN, RUN MOTHERF*CKER RUN! JUST CLOSE THE GAME AND BE DEPRESSED FOR 5MINS.10/10"
,Recommended,282800,16372911,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Obi,"I can't hear you over my ""sugoi""."
76561197972238650,Recommended,282800,10298081,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Kallur 3000GT,"Very good overall, gets you hooked and makes you play all the time :P Decent price to match also. Reminds me much of old Mario Party's.Pros:- Cards and buying them more- Tactics need training to master- Variety of cool maps, you have to adapt- Character tactics are critical based on maps so strategy is neededCons:- No local party play (yet i hope)- Bit unbalanced characters- No controller support (yet i hope)- You might lose your friends in intense online matches ;DI recommend to get this if you want a Mario Party clone, this is loads of fun in single player and online with friends !I'd rate this 9/10, 1 point taken off since campaign mode is still almost impossible to beat thanks to poppo's and tomomo's.EDIT:Characters are balanced, more maps and more stable fixes of everything + regular new content. Must-to-have game for 4 friends :)Also the DLC:s are fun and add new fun diversity to the game, making it again more interesting but still keeping it perfectly balanced."
76561198072585055,Recommended,282800,26880801,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zulrag,this game is a basically a mini game but really adictive and even when you lose you have fun.Also one of the best community ever.
,Recommended,282800,14034622,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,"There are those days where you will love and laugh as you play this game, and then you have those days where you want to find those developers to strangle. Exceptionally well crafted party game, brought many laughs and tears."
,Recommended,282800,11813344,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Ultimat3spaz,"Y'know, I picked this up on a whim. I played it and now I deeply regret not buying the four pack because this game is so fun to play with friends. This is like Mario Party except simplified and slightly less friendship-destroying-ish."
,Recommended,282800,12240098,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,technonaut,It's pretty good.
76561198065456041,Recommended,282800,16709992,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ずらっ！,lol
,Recommended,282800,15845482,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ｐｒｏｐｈｅｔ,"If everything in life was decided by dice rolls, seagulls would rule the world and I'd probably be dead."
,Recommended,282800,23129452,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,"As much as you think you're improving at this game, you're not. It's entirely up to chance and each round is exactly the same as the last. It isn't at all fulfilling and left me feeling more empty than I was to begin with.10/10"
76561198289140016,Recommended,282800,23767996,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dot_Ruffles,"I bought this game because it was cute and on sale. Then I gifted it to my friends (for the same reasons and to force them to play with me). Now I am addicted to this silly, RNG, cute, rage inducing board game. Not for those who need to plan turns in advance and prefer heavy strategic decision making. There's none of that here. But there is addicting kawaii game play, sure to suck you in."
76561198173131854,Recommended,282800,23777442,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Just Ducky,Fun game.  Rules are a little confusing at first. Definitely recommend this game!
,Recommended,282800,22333880,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mr. Grumpywumps,This game makes me ROCK HARD
,Recommended,282800,23848820,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,garbo bot frag,"this game is 100% rnjesus, complete pjsalt, a must-play game"
,Recommended,282800,13945535,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,エズィデニアサ,"Okay this game is a weird one. It is basicly a board game as videogame. Well this game is not really good in singleplayer mode. I don't care what you say but this game is way to random for singleplayer. But with friends it is a lot of fun. Yeah give it to some friends and play it, you will find stratagy and improvie your skills but the randomness prevents the videogame law where skills make everything. This is more like monopoly or ludo which is always a joy with friends of all sorts. So yeah I changed my mind I can recomend this game, because this game does exactly what it aims to do."
,Recommended,282800,20007064,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,market man,glenn said it's better on acidmario party hitler edition is my favorite gamecheck out my fanart:http://i.imgur.com/PD8fWwE.png
,Recommended,282800,13974130,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zeodyn,Seagull of Justice.
,Recommended,282800,24061951,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tsukimi,"It's really fun but rage inducing, so it's good! :D"
76561198169479833,Recommended,282800,18944216,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nopon Merchant,This game brings out the bipolar in me. Hate to love to hate again all with the roll of a die.
,Recommended,282800,22803628,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Aekuems,Anime RNG-Based Mario Party. It's good. Not much more to say really.
,Recommended,282800,25068632,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Gallowloch,"Would never recommend unless you hate yourself and your friends. Everything is RNG, and can make you think about committing homicide and screaming and ripping your hair out. Also, some characters are rigged so you only roll a 1 or a 2 on attacks while defense and evasive rolls are good (Sweet Breaker)."
,Recommended,282800,30480231,Posted: 12 March,all,stupid bunn,"I mean, it's pretty good if you hate yourself"
,Recommended,282800,30401410,Posted: 8 March,all,MyAngelMegumi,I will now hate seagulls for the rest of my life
76561198129204125,Recommended,282800,12271171,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,KakashiOkazaki,This game is Like Mario party only with even stranger characters. I recomend getting it with friends then set a timer to see how long that title holds. The story modes are not amazing by themselves and the AI is cheap but the scenes between are comedic and if you really like the system can be fun. However what makes this game is the multiplayer.
,Recommended,282800,26547327,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hirai Alizarin,"YES YES! PRAISE THE RNGIf you love playing infuriating games that rely on absolute randomness with your friends... this, get this. You will love it, you will curse out your friends, and you will want to cry. Which is fun. SO GET THE GAME. Oh, also, the player base may be weebs, but they aren't cringey weebs. So don't worry about that whole, ""WATASHI WA [insert cancer] DESU~~~~"" or that, ""GLORIOUS NIPPON STEELLLL""♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,282800,24435028,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dr. FeelsBAd,"Best game in existence!I hope everyone gets the opportunity to play this marvelous game!I rate this game 9/11,because it crashed a plane into my heart."
,Recommended,282800,31394416,Posted: 27 April,all,Luke Vander,If there is a Godness of Fortune it has a sick sense of humor.
,Recommended,282800,32557946,Posted: 18 June,all,Time eater,100% Orange Juice is a phenominal title that will get you energized in a heatbeat with it's vivid cute animation style and upbeat soundtrack. Solid title right here
,Recommended,282800,28088035,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cynders,Poppo was a mistake
,Recommended,282800,13854067,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TickL,"Do you love Mario Party?  Do you love Animu?  Does RNGJesus shine on you?  You'll love 100% RNG Juice!Basically Mario Party without the minigames, and a small deck building portion to replace the random items you can buy/get."
,Recommended,282800,26820991,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,uncreative,My go-to game for whenever I want to get mad about dice rolls.
,Recommended,282800,26868844,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keegster23,"Really, this game should win every award.Test of Time: This is a game that's very random, and due to a lot of various luck-based events, no match will be the same. On top of that, new DLC gets released every couple of months or so, and really help add to the game's content.I'm Not Crying, There's Something In my Eye: Man, whenQP FINALLY got her pudding back, I couldn't help but cry.Okay, Marc's ending was also adorable, too.Five More Minutes: I could relist the reasons listed for why it deserves the Test of Time award, but I won't.Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!: Admit it, you didn't expectTomomo to be the creator of the world and everyone in it.Villain Most In Need Of A Hug: Really, in some ofTomomo'scutscenes, the protagonists are bigger villains than her. She just wants someone to play with her...Game Within A Game: ...Do player-made minigames count?I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award: I thought this game was cool before any of the DLC packs came out, and I still think it's cool to this day.Best Use Of A Farm Animal: Marie Poppo. Need I say more?And of course, I could name a million other awards it could win.""Best Multiplayer Game""and""Cutest Characters Ever""come to mind...Really, 100% Orange Juice is a wonderful game, and if it wins an award that would beawesome.#100%OrangeJuiceForEveryAwardEver"
,Recommended,282800,32752544,Posted: 24 June,all,Auros™,"Picked it up during the sale, it's honestly a lot more fun than I expected it to be."
,Recommended,282800,33259939,Posted: 4 July,all,ParkerSTP,Pretty DankI have grinded in this game for so long in hopes to beat my friend...BUT ALAShe no longer plays :(
,Recommended,282800,11536456,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Dafirex,you better pray to god that lady luck likes you
76561198052086101,Recommended,282800,27037660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dozell,"Oddly addicting, rage inducing, kawaii, friend breaking game... expect to see a lot of ones"
76561198305890518,Recommended,282800,32164845,Posted: 3 June,all,Renn Banicos Rakeus,"In one sentence, i would describe this game as ""There is no RNGod, only RNSaten."" To describe my emotions would be ""I wish to rip out the spine of a goat in fury."" To describe my gambling addiction would be ""Thank god this game doesn't have you betting money at all."" This game will dig your grave using dice, then give you a gift basket of exotic butters before slapping you with a red♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right across the earlobes. And if that all sounds rather peculiar, remember you're reading a review for a game named ""100% Orange Juice."" I don't think it is time to judge based off peculiarity, but rather, if it's fun. Is it? I honestly don't know... I just have a gambling problem and this game is 100% RNG, not orange juice. So if you... ""like"" RNG, board games, and card games, then go ahead and buy it. If you are ProtonJon or posses a hatred stronger than a thousand burning suns large enough to consume the galaxy, well, i can't stop ya from buying it, only warn you."
,Recommended,282800,32176238,Posted: 4 June,all,Hibiki,Fun board especially with friends. Only complaint is that RNG can easily favour CPUs a lot of times.
76561198289783745,Recommended,282800,33337752,Posted: 7 July,all,RyeVV.S,Ply for relaxation.
,Recommended,282800,33342018,Posted: 7 July,all,нaяiкa°ハリカ🌸,"Seem my boss always come late to important meeting, I play this game in meeting room.worth for time waitingAlso, can test your luck btw..."
,Recommended,282800,32144121,Posted: 2 June,all,KinxD,100% would play again
,Recommended,282800,32963194,Posted: 28 June,all,Bryguy™,Turn 5: Each AI goes past me and challenges me to a battle.*Dead*Turn 6: Roll a 5 or higher to revive*Rolls a 4*Turn 7: Roll a 4 or higher to reviveNOPETurn 8: Roll a 4 or higher to reviveNOPETurn 9: Roll a 3 or higher to reviveNOPETurn 10: Roll a 2 or higher to reviveFINALLYTurn 11: *AI plays card Random K.O an opponent*It's me.I hate this game.10/10
,Recommended,282800,32907544,Posted: 27 June,all,BM,"It was a beautfiul sunny day, a little dog was roaming through a park, collecting stars.A little girl with a very kind face approached her, and quickly dropped a nuclear bomb on her.She was then mugged by a midget who only spoke one word.As if that wasn't enough, she met her end at the wings of a merciless seagul.It was tragic."
76561198288714218,Recommended,282800,33217505,Posted: 3 July,all,你女朋友,"There are no friends in Orange juice, only enemies."
76561198076948732,Recommended,282800,33209410,Posted: 3 July,all,Monkey Magic,"Play this game.Perfect for when you have a spare 5-10mins and nothing better to do - like when stuck in an airport lobby, which is where I played most of this game."
76561198045494648,Recommended,282800,26950902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neto,""" It also has Syura, who probably counts as a farm animal. And probably likes to be treated as one."" ~Neto, 2016."
,Recommended,282800,16937296,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Secret Black Ass,Wanna rage quit a game over a bird?Yes?Well this is the game for you.
,Recommended,282800,15907886,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Red Ocean,Should rename the game 100% Poppo.
,Recommended,282800,14687744,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Super Saiyan God,A great game for people who don't mind the RNG factor. It's basically a sort of Mario Party game without the minigames and with cards you can use to add effects on the board or give yourself an advantage.The best thing is to play online and ignore the story unless you want to be frustrated by the AI at times. You also unlock stuff a lot faster by playing online anyway.It's a fun little time waster if you have a few steam friends who like these types of games. Also less anger/frustration than the Mario Party series so it can be relaxing to play.
,Recommended,282800,14904097,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Choke Master,Bought 8 copies of this game to give to all my friends. I no longer have friends. 10/10 Would destroy friendships again
,Recommended,282800,14598748,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lord Juugatsu,"RNG Hell and heaven all at once. The story is told in clips before and after each match, but the important part is the board game, party style gameplay which is oddly satisfying/frustrating in the best way. Strongly recommended, grab it and some friends so you can ruthlessly backstab them every chance and climb your way to victory, ala Dokapon Kingdom style everyone for themselves."
,Recommended,282800,19582317,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,secret agent cody banks,Played 30 minutes and killed myself. 5/7
,Recommended,282800,19385758,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,fhana,10/10 Friendship Breaker20% Luck5% Skillz75% SaltWould play again for more salt~
,Recommended,282800,13963074,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Voffie,"I'll come right out and say it. This game is not for everyone. Before purchasing the game, try the demo. It only has the single player, and the multiplayer is where most of the fun is at, but you can still experience the game before buying it with the demo.100% Orange Juice is a board game featuring characters from games made by the devloper Orange_Juice. Most of the game is played by rolling dice. Moving, battles, gaining stars, dropping stars. Players are allowed to pick cards that are stock piled in the middle as a community pile, so cards you pick can be drawn by other people. Every character has a unique hyper, unique stats, and a unique theme. Cards themselves are either traps, battle, or boosts. Traps are set on the stage and are activated when someone lands on them, battle cards are used in battle, and boosts are used at the start of your turn to give you some kind of power up.The game looks extremely simplistic, however it still looks very nice. Card artwork is well drawn, characters are well animated, and the game boards all look nice. In terms of music, this game features a fantastic soundtrack of 20+ songs, that I actually wish could be bought on steam. There are two DLCs for this game, and both of them feature two new playable characters, who if you just bought the game along with the DLC are playable from the start.The story is delightful. It isn't meant to be serious. A mysterious life form called Marie Poppo steals your stuff, and you chase her to get it back. The humor is spot on, and got a few laughs from me. I do not regret buying the four pack and giving it out to some of my friends.Good Game/Good Game"
,Recommended,282800,16987579,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,umazes,"Any amount of time spent playing this game with the AIs will make you wish you were doing almost anything else with your life. You watch your back, pudding thief. I'm coming for you."
,Recommended,282800,17543548,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Kitsune Hawk,"100% Orange Juice is a doujinsoft party game in the vein of Dokapon Kingdom, and the RNG will mess with you juuuuust as much. Make no mistake, though, as this is actually a pretty entertaining game, especially since--unlike Mario Party or Dokapon Kingdom--this game offers online multiplayer where all players benefit from each game via store discounts and early/exclusive purchases.There's a good number of characters to choose from, and their varying stats and special cards mean that each best suits a different playstyle, plus I do love that each time a character levels up, the background music changes to their theme.I do, however, have a few quirks with this game, such as some of the music fading out before starting again (instead of fluidly looping) and some of the graphics showing leftover pixels or being a smidge pixelated.Regardless, if you're into party games or want something to enjoy alongside your friends, this is a good purchase.Final score: B+"
,Recommended,282800,19702874,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,The Hellspawn Hero,"It's like Mario Party, only even sillier and more luck-based!... Okay, I'll give an actually detailed review.100% Orange Juice is a cute game in all its aspects. Cute characters, cute music, cute mechanics... okay, that last one probably doesn't make much sense. But it is a really easy game to get into and learn, even without having it explained to you.It's a board game/RPG hybrid, and your goal is to reach Lv6 before anyone else. The way to level up? Well, there's no EXP, so you'll have to achieve your Norma. What's a Norma? A Norma is your goal for that level. Whenever you level up, you can choose one of two Normas; Stars or Wins. You either get enough Stars (essentially the game's currency, you consume them when you use cards, gain them from landing on various spaces or winning fights, and lose them whenever you're defeated) or win enough battles (against either monsters or other players). Simple enough, right?Of course, there are also other ways to get in everyone else's way than just fighting them. Even a pacifist who never directly fights anyone can be a dangerous and cunning foes if they use the right cards. Cards are another big part of the game. They're essentially items, and there's a lot of them. Pretty much anyone can use any card, as long as they're the right level and can pay enough Stars to use them. And there are a lot of different kinds of cards. Cards that heal, cards that buff, cards that de-buff, cards you use in battle, cards you use directly from your hand at the start of your turn, cards you lay down as traps... and cards that only your character can use. Their ""special ability"", unique to them. Their Hyper card. Now it's not quite so simple anymore.Any and all of that can mean the world... or nothing, depending on how the dice roll. It's that kind of game.As easy to learn as this game is, there's a lot to it. It's one of those games that's beginner-friendly, but has a lot of ways to be strategic about it. Or you can just try to punch everything, but that usually doesn't work out so well.The music is really nice. Every character has their own theme that plays when they level up, and keeps playing until someone else levels up. It's good way to remind everyone that you're winning, or that you're catching up to them. There's a lot of variety, too, because every character's theme is a wildly different kind of song. Slow jazz, lounge music, quick-paced techno, frantic rave music, probably some stuff that wouldn't sound out-of-place in a Touhou game. There's a song for everybody, unless you're really, really picky.The online multiplayer is where this game shines. A board game being most fun when you play it with other people? What a surprise!... But seriously, this game is a great experience with others, whether you're playing with randoms or people you know.The game also gets updates every once in a while, adding new cards and characters, keeping it from getting stale.tl;dr: Cute game, nice music, easy to get into, low price, all about multiplayer, potentially infinite replay value. If you have friends who play it, you should play it, too."
,Recommended,282800,15833916,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Flyby,rekt lvl 25 friend 1st game 9/11
76561197970509330,Recommended,282800,21017852,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Blurfester,"I have no idea what the hell the game is all about but im having a blast playing it, so yea, Also helps that the music is infectious. I can just imagine what coffee would do for this franchise! 10/10"
,Recommended,282800,21011889,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Turkey Cop,Took me 9 hours to beat the first level.
,Recommended,282800,28983039,Posted: 3 January,all,Werzell,"A great game with a very friendly community, it keeps gets getting updated on a regular basis with new content despite having been released years ago. It offers easy to grasp strategic gameplay, yet it's not too serious. It's easy to find multiplayer lobbies, and it's possible to join ongoing games."
,Recommended,282800,29601392,Posted: 31 January,all,Why are we still here.,This is RNGesus' gift to the world.Pure.Random.Madness.0 skill involved.0 planning required.Truly a great way to make a person salty.I give this game a Diceroll/6Truly terrifying game.
,Recommended,282800,29107208,Posted: 7 January,all,ItchyDani3l,"This game would normally be extremely frustrating because it takes alot of luck to win, however the developers have anticipated this and put kawaii desu desu girls in it to help you cope.The gameplay is addicting and the soundtrack is good."
76561198045390937,Recommended,282800,26932558,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maxiss_,Fast paced and entertaining with a group of freinds. Also a fun way to screw them over.
,Recommended,282800,28032364,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Glace Glacekowski,"I love pain it makes me stronger, and Orange Juice is pure pain in a liquid form."
76561198079651651,Recommended,282800,28163830,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Rose,This game is the best way to lose your friends and take a step forward towards gambling
,Recommended,282800,26410795,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,순영이,Friends and I decided to buy this game because it was so cheap in the sale. Little did we know this would be the game to tear our friendships apart. It's anime mario partyno one is safeno friendships will be kepteveryone's gonna get juiced so hard
,Recommended,282800,21554650,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PimPam,Forget EVERY Mario Party game and Fighting game you played in the past.This game will make you and your friends salty as F**K.
76561198011488606,Recommended,282800,13516333,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cresir,"SADISTIC!!!....but I just can't quit........just when you think you're gonna wipe the board, a chicken will backstab you and you lose all things..."
,Recommended,282800,27898769,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,"TGJ ""Shadow-Guy""",I have lost 3 friends so far.10/10 would rage about RNG again.
76561198116753610,Recommended,282800,32893065,Posted: 27 June,all,Louloubelle,"Anime Bouncing figurines on way too much sugar. This game is fun with friends, and also nicknamed by my friends as ""100% Rage Juice."" But you can't stop playing, or coming back after the rolls screw you over and you rage-quit. Don't let this deter you... this game is great."
76561198043578912,Recommended,282800,19244507,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Shoveler,Saw a cat girl with a gun get the crap beaten out of her by a seagull.Dis game.
,Recommended,282800,28211602,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Blue Devil,Orenge
76561198398083007,Recommended,282800,32667705,Posted: 22 June,all,Roflcakes,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,282800,20482185,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,天王星 うずめ,"If you've been playing the game for a long time, you'll eventually realize what the announcer is trying to say at the start of the main menu.100% Orange Juice100% Orenji Juice100% OrenG Juice100% OrNG Juice100% RNG Juice100% RN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ G JUICE"
76561198007659990,Recommended,282800,19851627,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Bathal,About to win then Here and There is played and land on a battle panel and die to a seagull.Seagull out of 10.
,Recommended,282800,26285174,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,[GmT] Flan-Chan,ai hime too op
,Recommended,282800,32802604,Posted: 25 June,all,Chill_Dragonite,"This game is the Mario Party of Steam, and that is a VERY good thing! It's a game that you can pick up and play, with or without friends and have a blast! Mechanics and rules make sense and anyone can come back and win at any time. There is a story mode but its a throw away story imo, just play it for the in game currency. Speaking of, lots of cool unlockables here. I don't mind grinding out games just to save up for a cool dice design or character accessory. Nothing about the game feels tedious.. just fun!Pros: nice art direction and characters designs/ personalities. Loads of unlockables. All around fun!Cons: Throw-away story."
,Recommended,282800,27421425,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,prat,"Hoshino ""Star Breaker"" Reika best girl, most pure, fights with honor in a world filled with scum and degenerates."
,Recommended,282800,32058522,Posted: 30 May,all,london1888,"Why am I still here? Just to suffer? Every round, I can feel my hp... my norma... even my home tile. The stars I've lost... the time I've wasted... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there. You feel it too, don't you? I'm gonna make them give back our past.proceeds to get demolished by the seagull"
,Recommended,282800,32937465,Posted: 28 June,all,Peeto,100% RNG.And I love it
,Recommended,282800,27579530,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cirnato,I just like to suffer
,Recommended,282800,17345847,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DruryXL,worse then mario party in a good way
,Recommended,282800,19041633,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Hawk,The legends are true RNGesus does exist... and boy is he♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at me DX
,Recommended,282800,32918469,Posted: 28 June,all,[CP] GAm3CrAzY,Mario party with (mostly) anime girls. Got some pesky friends who like anime and mario party? Ruin it with this game!
,Recommended,282800,17168876,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,A_2zero,fun to play the kawaii voices get anoying sometimes fun to troll your friends
76561198001385705,Recommended,282800,27972299,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Oronard,"Very upbeat music.The fact that you can change the game voice so you can pick either a schoolgirl, aloli, a loli on amphetamine or a Christmas cake voice is a proof that the dev really understand to whom this game cathers. ♥Voice B is the best hehehehe"
76561198107063603,Recommended,282800,19400590,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,"Lizardman, Lizardman, Lizardman",10/10 best orange juice simulator ever. My hands are worn to a pulp
,Recommended,282800,28881899,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,sunnyb,my new life's mission is to brutally murder every seagull that crosses my path here on out
,Recommended,282800,26902582,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BoredHero,It's fun.
,Recommended,282800,13261814,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Biribiri,"This is a game depending on chance. If you think life isnt fair, you should try this game out. It delivers an experience which will change your opinion on fairness.Great boardgame simulator, definitely recommended."
,Recommended,282800,12101218,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,RiesbyfeRoastbeef,Game is kawaii as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198058653668,Recommended,282800,11682515,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Goldennova500,Animu Mario Party.............Wats not to love about♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off your friends
76561198112072960,Recommended,282800,12003720,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Bed Head Bread,"It's cute, it's quick, ir's really difficult. I'm on the fence about how i feel about this game as the odds are ever stacked against you. Leveling is only possible in pvp which is slowed down by everyone taking your stars which you use to level and in the end of a pvp match, largely impact the exp you get.I've managed to find some entertainment out of this saddistic game in the form of a full rounds of people choosing the chicken npc as their character. at least that made me have a choice of making it difficult.i'd recommend the 4 pack so you can play with people you know. some of the players are less than friendly or sociable.Added note: Campaign Boss is OP. you've been warned"
,Recommended,282800,13998409,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Minoumimi™,"Ok i was stupid, the dlc chars you can pick it up has an avatar later on before starting gameThis game is suuuper fun enough saidBunch of 20-30 year old dudes laughing our♥♥♥♥♥offwhen 2 of them didn't even like animes to start withi forced them to play and we had a total blast for 3 hoursSo i highly recommend this game for the fun and Kawaiiiiii Factors10/10 My favorite Board game"
76561198066427816,Recommended,282800,11580993,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Heytheremrguy,"If I had to describe my experiences in one word, then I could not adequately describe my experiences. Do not let the chibi exterior of this game fool you: it is one aggravating ride after another as you fight RNGesus to become the best that ever was. Sure, RNGesus may be a cheating **** at times, but the feeling of overcoming the odds and winning the rounds is well worth the fight. Just be careful around aggressive characters; They enjoy ruining your day, taking your lunch money and leaving you near-death in a ditch on the side of the highway. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,282800,13337360,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mau_Sempai,"I seriously love this game, but it makes me want to tear off my hair. this game to me is difficult and makes me rage and yell in my room, BUT when you did win a game, holy molly you will yell for rejoice>"
,Recommended,282800,15317635,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Lady Gaga,Stupid fun. Emphasis on stupid.
,Recommended,282800,15809765,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,飛鳥.,Good game to kill times xDIt is cute and .. CuteRate it up becauseCookie can heal 1 life :D
,Recommended,282800,15666837,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Kairu_Kilofski,"100/101. Cute, fun and rage-worthy. Needs more OJ's."
,Recommended,282800,19865726,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,InconnuTheTeacher,"More like 100% salt juice...Well, a perfect game for those who like the pain of seeing all their efforts crushed by a single dice roll. Like me."
,Recommended,282800,12571236,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Resty,"mario party 22 is confurmd22/3 is 3, Half life 3 confurmd?3 - 2 is 1 and illumanti has 1 eye, Confurmd?1+32 is 314 and 314 is pi, pi confumd?314=314 and that equals nothing."
,Recommended,282800,11048210,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Not Falle,RNGods! why do you forsake me!
76561198099830032,Recommended,282800,16198037,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,FullMetalMakubeX,"As of writing this review, I have put 171 hours into this game. I don't think I've ever put 171 hours into anything else in my entire life. I would probably be a better human being if I did.No regrets"
,Recommended,282800,16322628,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,American Dragon: Teen Lizard,"ANIME MARIO PARTY. ♥♥♥♥ THE MINIGAMES, BUT DON'T ♥♥♥♥ THE LOLIS.So yeah there's no minigames but you get cute anime girls."
,Recommended,282800,16271131,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,chew,Really addicting game; made me grow a hatred for seagulls though.100%/Orange JuiceWould rage again.
,Recommended,282800,28698539,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,hellbagel,100% orangutan juse is relly good gam
76561198297069971,Recommended,282800,27759331,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,A Figment of your Imagination,"If you like salt, are hopeful in RNJesus and like cute characters this is a pretty gud meme"
76561198056332814,Recommended,282800,27761326,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,raine117,Fear the ducgull he will eat your family
,Recommended,282800,27969794,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dominant Reaper,AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198058302686,Recommended,282800,27562090,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LewdLord,I must have done something to make RNGesus mad. I keep rolling ones. Help me.
,Recommended,282800,27622233,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dragriff,"You like rolling dice and ripping your hair out because of evil RNG? Then this is the game for you!Seriously, though, good fun and cute girls."
,Recommended,282800,26971245,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hydr0,It's a kawaii Mario party!
,Recommended,282800,25400377,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Trixter,"""Poppo! Poppopopopopo!""-Marie Poppo"
76561198170974375,Recommended,282800,25194375,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Nanashiii,"this game ruined my life, you should buy it!"
,Recommended,282800,25024534,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sir-Baconn,Mariepoppo
76561198067979779,Recommended,282800,26850275,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,saldi60,"It's like a board game, where you compete with other people (or bots) to achieve a series of objectives in the match. The first player to achieve 5 of these objectives wins.Gameplay: it may seem simple at first, but you'll find that there are quite a bit of different ways or strategies to play the game, and a lot of cards can have effects that you didn't think at first sight. That keeps the game interesting, and the developers are re-calculating these cards to keep the game balanced. Only one thing... RNG... no matter how good you are at this game... no matter that you are level 200 and your opponent is level 3... if the game decides that you lose, you lose. END OF THE STORY.Music: Almost all of the music is based on the character themes. When a character accomplishes an objective, the music will change to that character theme, until another one does the same. Generally, the music is pretty good, with pretty upbeat and cheery style.Graphics: All the graphics consist of drawn sprites for the characters, with a simple but well done style, and the backgrounds of the matches, that are a mix of drawings and computer generated effects. They go pretty well with the style of the game and their cuteness can melt your heart, sometimes!Multiplayer: You cna play this game with the bots, but the core gameplay of this game is the online. Doing matches against another people feels more rewarding than against a bot and the community (with a few exceptions) is very nice and friendly.Replayability: Well, the game consist of matches on a board game. If you go online, the replayability can be infinite.Conclusion: If you don't hate board games, give this a try. A very entertaining online game that can give hours of fun with the crazy situations where all four players can end."
,Recommended,282800,27513375,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bosozoku,people always say that monopoly or mario party are the biggest friendship ruiners.those people havent played this game.
76561198035322002,Recommended,282800,27757289,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shinji,Get your♥♥♥♥♥beat by a chicken. 10/10
76561198097955687,Recommended,282800,26939039,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keado,A hidden gem every person i have gotten into this game has loved it
,Recommended,282800,24147320,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mati Hoshizora (Bday in 2 days),Its all fun and games till RNJesus kills youI 100% recommend this game for orange juice lovers
,Recommended,282800,25039160,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,RaccoonLyke,Do you like playing games with your friends?Not anymore.
,Recommended,282800,25392446,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,twitch.tv/winsroverated,"I played 5 hours of 100% Orange Juice and I can't even get pass the first or second level TT^TT Also, I bought DLC characters for some reason. I don't even use them... D'oh! I guess I gotta support the indie developers (Orange_Juice).Don't let the omega-level kawaii desu ka~ :3 anime characters fool you. This game is harder than Dark Souls and Battletoads COMBINED. Ok, I exaggerate, but it's pretty darn hard. You'll be cussing the other players or AI out and praying to RNGesus for lucky dice rolls. You'll be aruging who is best girl, even though they're underaged, too (you sick perverts :o jk). What more do you want in a game? :PAll in all, if you like board games, indie games, anime, cute things, strategy, and a challenge, I recommend it. There's some strategy to it, believe it or not. Don't let the dice rolls deceive you. It's obvious, but picking the right cards can make your game turn out more smoothly.This game reminds me of Mario Party and the board game in Kingdom Hearts: BBS (ok, this one, not really, just a little bit). The AI in this game is too difficult, though -_- Orange_Juice, patch this nonsensical OPness, xD""A day without 100% Orange Juice is a like day without sunshine"" ^_^Support the small, indie developers, yo."
,Recommended,282800,24495222,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Tristian S.,"While this game may appear cute and lighthearted, those that have suffered through the RNG that is 100% Orange Juice will tell many tales of valor, bravery, drama, and the most important story of all; how can the RNG screw me over on winning today?Though despite that, 100% Orange Juice is still a decent game to play with friends as with playing with others makes the game more fun and less of a stressful mess of RNG screwage. That, and human players can't rig the dice like the last boss in story campaigns >_>"
,Recommended,282800,23734867,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Coffee,Where did my friends go
,Recommended,282800,26572291,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Seriel,"I don't even like board games and wouldn't normally play them, except this game manages to outshine the rest!I got it at a sale price, but it is more than worth full price!Aaaand I'm bad with reviews so that's all I'll say. Just.. buy it ! xD(Especially if it's on a huge sale)"
,Recommended,282800,28473804,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Fim,"I thought I had seen rng when I played Fates:Conquest, I was wrong."
76561198067385356,Recommended,282800,24147366,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dumb Floof,Poppo Poppo'd me in the Poppo.Poppo/10
,Recommended,282800,24192100,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Machinewarlock,One of the best casual fun and absolutely enraging games I have played on steam. I love the RNG factor which makes the games exciting but also there is an element of planning and skill involved.Also Jonathan has ruined games and lives.I drink 100% salt juice daily.
76561198114453489,Recommended,282800,23895805,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bagelsan,15 hours later rnjesus granted me a win.10/10.
76561198028535470,Recommended,282800,24124299,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Teletha Testarossa,I have never hated the fraction 1/6 so much in my life10/10 something about this game is so addicting
,Recommended,282800,23947862,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[C] Sgt Engee,Pros: Fun game. Great soundtrack. Fun characters. Fun after dozens of games. Even more fun to screw over your friends.Con: No real story. Some characters feel very situational/weak and in need of balancing/tweaking.Ugly: Teleporting midgets with kleptomania now make we want to kick a midget every time I see one.10/10
,Recommended,282800,27777614,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lil' Mothra,Anime girl board game that didn't leave me bored
,Recommended,282800,27728879,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kinkajou1015,"Do you have friends? Do you like a nice board game? Do you like pain loops? WELCOME to 100% Orange Juice.You play a roll your dice move your mice board game, but when you run into other players theres a short battle, sometimes you can play a modifier card before the battle to modify the chances of winning. You can also play a card before your roll at the start of your turn. Some cards can move everyone around, cause you to roll a specific value, place a trap on the board, or place a piggy bank with a bunch of stars.Now to win the game you need to do one of two things. You need to get a lot of stars (the points or currency of the game) and keep landing on one of the home tiles, or you need to win battles against the CPU enemies, Boss CPU enemies, or your opposing players.Now the game can be played single player with 3 CPU players or 4 player multiplayer with up to 3 of your friends (over the internet, sadly no type of couch co-op). There's also a single player story mode where you can play various boards with a loose story for why you are on specific boards, why you are playing against specific players, why the board effects are what they are... It's a wacky time, usually resulting in the persuit of pudding.But be warned, if you don't take care this may be harder than you think, even on the NORMAL difficulty you will encounted painloops with the story, moreso if you do not go to the in game market and buy (with in game money) booster packs so you can get more cards to modify your deck. There are DLC you can buy, and I highly suggest doing so (especially if the game is on sale like it is as I write this review) as some of the DLC characters are fun to play as and the additional cards from the DLC booster packs (still gotta buy them in game with in game currency, which you only get by playing) add some extra fun when making your deck."
,Recommended,282800,29265000,Posted: 14 January,all,Yukii,"A brilliant virtual table top game. Don't let the anime art style decieve you, this game has gave me so many funny and memorable moments. Really best played with friends to get the most enjoyment out of it though."
,Recommended,282800,27300485,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ａｌｉｃｅｉｆ,"After a childhood full of boardgame-hating parents and not enough time spent with friends, an anime-liking friend of mine invited me to play this.My life got 100% better."
,Recommended,282800,27318478,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pina Colada,10/10 I would so buy this for my parents.
76561198014861713,Recommended,282800,27320192,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GraemeCracker,"This is a solid party game with a fun soundtrack, a massive variety of characters, and enough RNG to make you and all of your friends hate each other for the next 24 hours. It helps that it's fairly cheap, so you can buy 20 copies and force all of your pals to become addicted to it too.10/10, would salt the earth again."
76561198072021234,Recommended,282800,27065816,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ricebowl,"One day RNGesus blesses my rolls and the next he forsakes my soul. Great game. Lots of fun to be had, lots of tears to be shed. BDSM sim."
,Recommended,282800,26852311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Master of Yams,Game that is most likely to ruin a friendship.
,Recommended,282800,29676404,Posted: 3 February,all,にゃ,You have a better chance reaching your goals in life rather than getting a 6 in a bonus roll.
,Recommended,282800,30024266,Posted: 18 February,all,Korwai,A battle of who has the better RNG.
,Recommended,282800,27606733,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LeBrendleM,"It's a badass board game where I was killed multiple times by a bird. If that doesn't turn you on, then the excellent character designs will. Also, don't ever ♥♥♥♥ with Marie Poppo, she will murder you and win..... at least 23 times before you get upset and cry for a while...."
,Recommended,282800,14388911,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Leafy Caboose,"Look into your fridge, for a mans fridge is a mans heart, and in it i can garuntee you will find orange juice. Not apple juice, not pineapple juice, perhaps fermented grape juice but thats beside the point. We all keep orange juice in our hearts, so why not in our steam library. For as we all know, a mans steam library is a mans♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,282800,30919666,Posted: 3 April,all,A2IsAGoddess,100% Broken RNG. game makes your friends hate you. i highly recommend it
,Recommended,282800,26823704,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThunderEye,"100% Orange Juice, just like the title is a board game based on randomness. Prepare to rage a lot when things never go your way and be amazed when the randomness just hits your favor.At first, its hard to understand completly its mechanics but it becomes really fun and addictive after it.The community and the public servers are really friendly and funny. I made a lot of friends in this game and so will you."
,Recommended,282800,31275679,Posted: 21 April,all,Potaytoes,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Poppo
,Recommended,282800,22184260,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,what the nani the fuck,100% anger.100% rage.100% tears.0% orange juice.
,Recommended,282800,27510960,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zero,"Nominated for ""best use of a farm animal.""If you wanted an actual review, this game has a demo!  Go try that."
,Recommended,282800,31403780,Posted: 27 April,all,Sheep,i came 5 times in 2 minutes
,Recommended,282800,16332833,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,WinterLucked,"It's a pretty cute game with cute music and cute graphics... CUTENESS OVERLOAD (except poppo, everyone hates poppo)"
,Recommended,282800,31141115,Posted: 14 April,all,vendiesel,tl;drthis game is (slight) luck and skill (IT'S ALL IN THE CARDS)prepare to have your friends go crazy on your♥♥♥♥♥♥and make them hate you to the point they'd block you on w/e social media or steamaside from that it's fun10/10quality game
,Recommended,282800,12621002,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Norachu,"One part frustrating, one part fun, and one part pure goddamn luck, and you've got 100% Orange Juice. In many ways, it's your typical roll of the dice game. Roll dice to move around the board and take down the HP of the other players to WIN. In many other ways, it is so much more than that. There are cards out there that will both please and frustrate you and players you will not want to go up against. The graphics are cute, the music is cute, and it is perfectly easy to get lost in this game for hours at a time. I love it!"
,Recommended,282800,26730381,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,thot-slayer gut,i played  this for 10 hours straight once.you should buy it too!
,Recommended,282800,26331098,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kana Hana,"100% Orange Juice is a full course meal, complete with:LaughterTearsRegretMisclicksPopo... and more with an excess amount of salt.On a more serious note, 100% Orange Juice definitely is a fun, inexpensive way to spend time with friends. The rules and mechanics are easy to understand, and the quirky themes can lighten any mood. I recommend playing this game with a friend(s) using any chat software, but if you don't have friends willing to play OJ there's always the friendly community.I've been playing OJ for two years now and the game still feels fresh. Not to mention it's continuing to be updated. Mob hypers soon! I wouldn't doubt if they added more characters. There are also seasonal events, like the current unlockable halloween costume event.Here's the part where I tell you the negatives about OJ.If I had to pick one thing that bugs me about the game, it would be the AI.-Online: They're questionable when it comes to some of the decisions they make.-Story Mode: Loaded dice...It's not game breaking, but it is mildly annoying.This concludes my review on 100% Orange Juice.If you're thinking about playing OJ for the first time, my advice would be tonot underestimate anything. Especially Jonathan (Seagull)."
,Recommended,282800,26609581,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Brod8362,This game is like Anime mario party.And it's amazing.I'd recommend you play with 4 people. Makes it all the more chaotic and crazy.Prepare to get angry. This game can really mess with you.10/10
,Recommended,282800,26746126,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,mcdonald happy meal,10% Luck20% Luck15% Luck5% Luck50% Luck100% LuckYou really need luck in this game
,Recommended,282800,12973035,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Naruto,Dice and Tomoyo. Play with friends and roll them in 100% OJ.
,Recommended,282800,13121140,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,babble,"In the campaign, a chicken killed me and I was dead for 5 turns in a row since I kept rolling 1.100/10"
,Recommended,282800,14642418,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Anylu,I say its a game to relax on and not worry on too much. Just roll the dice and watch you get owned by popo so much. theres casual for the people that can't take a challage and expert for hardcore MLG players. now let me get a 12 *rolls snake eyes* well... you can have alot more fun when playing with friends over skype it really is fun. (^u^)/
,Recommended,282800,25341943,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Haku,The most frustrating fun you'll ever have. 10/10. Salt levels maximised.
76561198256592353,Recommended,282800,20838451,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Star_Sharks,"RNG, Dice, Cute Characters, what more could I ask for?"
76561198041940108,Recommended,282800,32852649,Posted: 27 June,all,Monomaru,"""10 out of 10"" - Hajime Hinata"
,Recommended,282800,11251886,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,肥佬,Never had a win after mutilple triesFriends wons on first play.
,Recommended,282800,12317899,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,jules,"Really great game. Works wonders. Helped me lose 30 pounds, half of which was in tears, and the other half was in blood."
76561198107711505,Recommended,282800,13962951,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,紫,"Players wanted for 100% Orange Juice. Low rolls, sadistic RNG, long exhausting matches, constant failure, chances of winning extremely doubtful. Utter satisfaction and inner peace in case of success."
,Recommended,282800,27641509,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Forseen,RNGesus will always be on the chicken side.
76561198211347993,Recommended,282800,26976016,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Meowington,"I use to play this game all the time.  I bought it once because it looked adorable and fun to play.  Last Christmas though, I played it a lot.  It was easy to get into.  I played it pretty much non-stop trying to collect horns and stuff.  But like most games, you get tired of it.  But I came back to it.  I left it and came back to it twice.  For me, it's a really enjoyable game you can come back to often.I might should also mention it's fun enough for me to rebuy this game.  I had it on another account and got vac-banned from multiplayer games.  On my other account I had 138 hours played."
76561198079385379,Recommended,282800,20452828,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Spinfy,It's fun killing my friends
,Recommended,282800,26791505,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BrotherBolt,Poppo always wins and the salt mines are in overdrive. Poppo/10
76561198027873014,Recommended,282800,11669028,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,お前に負けるなら悔いはないさ,"If you are not getting this, you are under a rock. It is one of the best party games ever to play with your friends where scumbaggin' is encouraged and everyone raising their sodium levels. Also, if you believe in the RNG god this has to be your thing!"
,Recommended,282800,23914291,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Like to die,"Mario Party lite, with cute girls, what more could you ask for?Pros:+Qt girls+Fun+BONUSUU!Cons:-You will lose friends-You may destroy your computer in a fit of rage"
,Recommended,282800,30022104,Posted: 18 February,all,RedRocket,"Are you in a boring or uneventful call with a group of friends? Or simply have the unrepresable desire to see anime girls hit each other? You could either leave the call and browse loli whilst crying and eating icecream, OR play 100% Orange Juice. It is a brilliant time killer and something to take up your short attention spans. However you will likely cry an eat icecream after your mate devistates you in way of killing everything with a cat."
,Recommended,282800,30162684,Posted: 25 February,all,Reboot,"Even though players have cards to boost theirselves in combat, they still are in chance to do little atk/def/evd. In a nutshell: rolling the dice will get its own virtue. With friends this is even more fun."
76561198044734144,Recommended,282800,31442978,Posted: 29 April,all,noctiluca,Mario Party with anime girls.
,Recommended,282800,26814627,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ezequiell,"RNG Hell: The gameBest destroyer of friendships since Mario Party.10/10, would roll 1 again."
,Not Recommended,282800,16881748,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mean jag jean mag,100% luck.
,Recommended,282800,21676177,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Link,"This is a fun little cute game which can be nice to play after a long day.Pros:- Lots of characters with different stats, hypers, everything.- (can have) Relaxing music and gameplay- Easy to play- Suguri- Interesting enemies (No animal abuse here, no sir)- Cheap DLC gets you lots of good and fun charactersCons:- Tomomo- RNG- In multiplayer people will screw with you by saying brb then going on vacation- RNG- Bosses are OP but do deliver a lot of stars after you FINALLY beat them- Tomomo"
,Recommended,282800,29265831,Posted: 14 January,all,Yuki Nitta,"Have you ever played Mario Party and thought ""Gee. If only there was a way I could get my friends to hate me even more!""? Well worry not! 100% Orange Juice has you covered! The card draws might as well be rigged and the AI cheats like there's no tomorrow! You better hope Luck is on your side because if it's not, you're gonna get a huge facefull of defeat! That said, the game is still fun and I highly recommend it. ...As long as you don't mind losing to Poppo a few times. Because Poppo ALWAYS ♥♥♥♥ING WINS!!!"
76561198251120104,Recommended,282800,25188581,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dark Lord Gregory,Everytime I win a match I regret not buying a lotto ticket instead.
76561197967490296,Recommended,282800,16573095,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sylas420,"First off, I recommend you read the whole Player's Guide. It is incredibly helpful... so anyway...I'm playing my first battle and doing okay, but Yuki is kicking♥♥♥♥♥ So she's up ahead and decides to Take a Gamble, a card that KO's a randomly chosen character. Out of the 3 toons left, the card KO's... Yuki... Priceless :-)"
76561198110532870,Recommended,282800,32380408,Posted: 12 June,all,bad,Game of the century
,Recommended,282800,30365976,Posted: 6 March,all,Miwwa,Its fun... And cute.
,Recommended,282800,28715641,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,飴 ちゃん ♥ (Candy),"played a bit. it was k.EDIT: 500 hours later, it's still k."
,Recommended,282800,34048486,Posted: 5 August,all,Mojohosavich,A perfect board game on PC
,Recommended,282800,26967115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hsien-ko,100% i want to cry inside
,Recommended,282800,19757051,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Not Alive,Take Everything you hate about Mario party + the rng of Destiny. You get this game which climbed from the depths of hell and disguised its self in a cutesy moe form of torture. Great game to play with friends! (if you have any left) Very addicting and in no way shape or form made me want to kill anybody when ***** stole all my ♥♥♥♥ING STARS YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥Would buy 1 billion copies
,Recommended,282800,23889258,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr. Sore,"(+) Waifuable Characters, Entertaining, Great Soundtrack, Good Board Games, Challenging, Addictive, Simple, Fancy 2D Graphics, Fun.(-) Require no skills/Mostly RNG."
,Recommended,282800,13399468,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,将軍 Izanagi,"for those who want a quick answer before i start this review then here it is: ITS AWESOME BUY ITRight im starting this reviewright this game is composed of story mode, free play and shop ill start with story mode.Right story mode is you know playing through the story of MANY charactors of this game and there is fairly alot and you unlock charactors whilst playing through certain charactors stories, which you purchase from the shop feature ingame with the ingame points you earn. right the story mode while leave you happy and raging at the same time.The aim of the game is to get enough stars or kills to level up 5 times and win the game you get stars from landing on the star points or battling the other charactors killing them and grabbing there stars. Or you can go for kills which is basically knocking them out so they have to revive the following round. You start as a base and when you get enough stars or kills you have to get back to your base to level back up do this five time and you should win the game, You also get certain cards in a deck which will heal you, kill others or be used as traps to steal stars ect.This is where luck will either help you or get in your way, ever round you move around spaces on a board, yes this is a board based game anyway every round you have to roll a dice and the number you get with the dice is how many spaces you have to move, abit like monopoly. with the battle system it is the same you charactors have there own stats which will add to what you get on the dice roll, what number you get with the dice will go with your stats and deal the damage to the enemy.BUTon the single player the bots in my experience and many other will alot of the time get the best of you the bots are super lucky, thats why i said this game is based on luck and you will either hate it or love it. The bots have a habit of usually rolling quite high sometimes and it will really screw you over. you might lose a couple of times but when you go back and win its the most best feeling ever. It feels like you just done the best achievement in your life XD.the freeplay is basically multiplayer which is the same as the single player story mode except you play with other people on the maps with your chosen charactor and cards you also can unlock cosmetics for your charactors like Hair, hair colour and costume colour, and there are certain charactors you unlock on multiplayer.The shop is a feature where you buy the charactors and maps and colour packs you unlock in story mode and free play, but dont worry you buy these with ingame points which earn through playing through story mode and freeplay.I have brought both dlc for the game and say it is definitly worth it,the two dlc packs consist of two charactors per dlc. so you get 4 when buying both. IT adds to the roster and gives you more charactors to add to the many in the game.THATS  PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING, i hope you havent turned your brain into mush by now. Overall its a must buy game."
,Recommended,282800,28283417,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Deneb,This game is really unique and fun!
,Recommended,282800,26305689,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,S̶ᶰ̶ᵒ̶ʷ̶ʸ̶,"This has to be one of the most addicting games I have EVER come across. It's pure fun packaged and wrapped in a cute and adorable way. If you like mario party, and anime (but not the mini games), then this  the game for you! I highly reccomend this game for those especially whom are competetive amungst friends or other people alike! Especially since the game is 75% off right now.SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?! GET THE GAME!"
,Recommended,282800,31363358,Posted: 25 April,all,Adolf Stalin,"Marie Poppo keeps stealing my stars.10/10.Wonderful game, play it with all your friends and hate each other when that one guy won't stop laying trap cards everywhere."
76561198204912971,Recommended,282800,33125865,Posted: 2 July,all,Ant 🐜,"At first glance, this game may been very silly. But once you get to playing the game and understanding. You will pleasantly find that it is enjoyable. Especially with friends :). And for 2 bucks! its worth it(Love You David)"
,Recommended,282800,17271331,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Flappy Foreskin,tfw I can't even win in my dreamstfw I dream about playing as Kai and use his hypertfw I roll three 1s in a row2016 and I still can't win
,Recommended,282800,24526190,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,↜(╰ •ω•)╯ψ Chibi,Too desu for youCan't handle it's kawiiiNEKO NEKO NE
,Recommended,282800,11694205,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,coda,bully the bunny8/8
,Recommended,282800,25366430,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Terak,♥♥♥♥ off Poppo
76561198058156743,Recommended,282800,13750759,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Inspector Dosh,"So, do you want to play Mario Party but don't have any friends to play with? Or is it because you don't even own Mario Party in the first place? Well you're in luck ladies and gentlemen, because 100% Orange Juice is here to provide you with gameplay that fulfills all of your Mario Party needs from the complete reliance of RNG, now including cards for you to use on the field or during 1v1 duels between other players and other random npcs to fight against, like chickens and seagulls just to name a few, all in the name of enjoying other people's misfortune. If you like the idea of having a casual experience (with extreme amounts of luck and frustration) with strangers online, then 100% Orange Juice is just the game for you, all for the low low price of $6.99.Okay, so what do I think about this game? Well, it's really a game that I do enjoy every once in a while, but I also hate its guts because of its heavy reliance on the dice. There is a dueling minigame in which each player picks a card from their hand in order to make statistical changes in attack, evade, and defense values. Otherwise, it's still pretty much a game of chance. If you really want to just sit back and ""relax"" with something to pass the time, then by all means go pick up 100% Orange Juice. If you are really looking for a more complex board game with actual strategy, then you might want to look elsewhere because this game doesn't really provide much of it. Good luck and enjoy the schadenfreude."
,Recommended,282800,17493122,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Card board simulation game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou can play on fullscreen, Windowed mode or windowed fullscreen mode.There are many resolution sizes available.You are able to change the game speed between slow and very fast.You are able to change the Music Volume between 1 and 10.You are able to change the Voice Volume between 1 and 10.You are able to change the sound volume between 1 and 10.About the game.You are able to choose between 4 characters each with their own power and playstyle.You are able to end a game in 2 different ways. By collecting stars or by killing the X ammount of other characters on the game. There are some kind of ""rank/level"" in each time you complete a star or killed an enemy. You have to level up 5 times in a star collection or killed enemy to win the game. Each time you manage to complete rank, the next rank will go higher. So from 2, you will have to make 4 kills for the next rank as an example. Killing neutrals enemies will grant you some stars. In a battle with a player or neutral, each player throw 2 dices. The attacker throws first and then defender throws second. If the attacker has a low number, then try to evade the damage. If it has a high number then i would recommend to use defend. Defend will only lower the X ammount of damage. Each player has their own ""Pit stop"" Where they can refill HP or level up. If ur hp has been dropped to 0, you will have to roll a dice in order to play again. each time u can't get a higher number then it says ""roll higher then 5 to revive"" then the next number will be lowered in the next dice by 1. So the next time it will be 4 or higher.The music is very calm and changes overtime.There is a Campaign and free play.Each character has their own campaign.Voice could be annoying after awhile.There are only a couple of maps available to play on.The game is very simple to understand.The text are soo small and i play on 1366x768.Animations are pretty simple in the game. (STIFF)Game is sort of repetitive.There are some multiplayer servers available.Other things.it reminds me somewhat of mario party and mix of mii party.One thing that i have noticed already.  That i need to use binoculars in order to read the text on the cards. When im at Deckbuilder.Let's try Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXbHVdyg60Q-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,282800,33815177,Posted: 26 July,all,Tomo,"Good game, has anime waifus"
,Recommended,282800,35477554,Posted: 4 October,all,Man of the Storm,"It's like monopoly, but I seem to hate my friends more. Would completely recommend to anyone who enjoys games that will cause rage over rolling dice!"
,Recommended,282800,33334641,Posted: 6 July,all,salaryman mike,"""Oh guys - a $2 steam sale board game, lets get and kill some time.""Seven hours later into the first day and the purchase of all the DLC avaliable made me consider if this was the right decision.It was."
,Recommended,282800,35459135,Posted: 3 October,all,☆ Sadone ☆,"This is by FAR one of my fav games yet on steam. With a vast majority of characters who are all lovable in their own way and very well made, it just keeps the fun going"
,Recommended,282800,33768477,Posted: 24 July,all,Lost_CauseYT,Its Mario party but good
,Recommended,282800,35214079,Posted: 25 September,all,Insanelyludacris,"I hate this game so much, I can't roll for♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10"
,Recommended,282800,34640323,Posted: 31 August,all,ıllıllı ZΞΓSЦБō ıllıll,"Never before have I experienced such an experience in my entire life. Throughout your time with this game, you will laugh, you will cry, you will scream because RNG doesn't want you to have a good day, and you will be forced to wear headphones constantly because everybody else in the house thinks you're a filthy weeaboo.But above all, you will realize that you spent way too much time watching little anime characters run around while getting trash talking with a bunch of other weebs.Fun times."
76561198276595851,Recommended,282800,34773152,Posted: 6 September,all,LantimeIsOnline,"I bought this game very recently and it's still really enjoyable! The game if you're wondering is a multiplayer online party game with very unique gameplay mechanics. The game is more of a ""Hey what else can we do?"" game to play with your friends. It's up to four players and each game is around 20 - 50 minutes long. Keep in mind there is a lot of RNG in the games. There are also lots of DLC characters to purchase and a lot of the time you will need those characters."
,Recommended,282800,34828271,Posted: 8 September,all,M A P L E S Y R U P,yes
76561198051010015,Recommended,282800,34875930,Posted: 10 September,all,Patchouli Knowledge,who put all this salt in my orange juice
76561198129600212,Recommended,282800,35076371,Posted: 19 September,all,McLinskey,this game made me suck my own♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282800,35116926,Posted: 21 September,all,Feeling Pretty BLACK...,Great if you want to roll ones constantly and get f**ked by your friends in every god damn battle
76561198081213775,Recommended,282800,35121828,Posted: 21 September,all,Heil Bakso,A satan always stole my stars. 10/10 recommend this game.
,Recommended,282800,35164198,Posted: 23 September,all,izmizmizm,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282800,35201108,Posted: 25 September,all,Mαsteг Sραгk | 勇,"When your RNG is utter trash. This game is fun, to only rely and pray upon the almighty RNGesus."
,Recommended,282800,35258913,Posted: 28 September,all,Asuma The Cheerful Poppo,">Play Poppo>Always Win>Screw DLC, it aint gonna help you win, ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,282800,34828058,Posted: 8 September,all,OʀᴘʜᴇᴜS,RNG-sus hates me
,Recommended,282800,35167245,Posted: 23 September,all,Dismund,I stared into the abyss and Marie Poppo stared back
,Recommended,282800,34765250,Posted: 5 September,all,Kiko☁,fun
,Recommended,282800,34902531,Posted: 12 September,all,Exudo,"100% orange juice isinsanlytilting, even if you are like myself and dont tilt easily. This tilting is derived from nothing other than the way the game functions, which is solely through the use of dice (which can feel incredibly stacked against you at times)If you are a person that doesnt enjoy games of chance where the lead player can be beaten by someone that you forgot was even playing the game, then do yourself a favour and avoid this game like the plaugeIf you like a game of chance, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥because its one of the best board games I've ever played other than the stupid swings that happen every so oftenI highly recommend playing multiplayer with a friend"
,Recommended,282800,35142192,Posted: 22 September,all,RandomNameGenerator,"I'm seriously reconsidering my choice of friends and yet I keep playing this damn game.Recommend, I guess."
,Recommended,282800,34651135,Posted: 31 August,all,menacing,this is the greatest rng clownfiesta of all timei highly recommend this game if you do not like yourself
,Recommended,282800,34743475,Posted: 4 September,all,Golduckite,Harder than dark souls and has chibi anime girls that act very smug when they kill you. Worst game ever. 11/10.
76561198050759707,Recommended,282800,34747408,Posted: 4 September,all,Blah146135,Flusha high iq 1v4
76561198199427627,Recommended,282800,34750230,Posted: 4 September,all,Animebread,I recommend this game
,Recommended,282800,34853342,Posted: 9 September,all,Lulz!,"I don't give a damn what anyone else says, the Chkn is the star of the 100% OJ show. What is more hilarious than watching your friends die to a 1HP Chkn and later watching it roll successful evades when they try to get their stars back?11/10 would die to :ojchicken: again. :^)"
,Recommended,282800,34871261,Posted: 10 September,all,W1sP,100% Random Juice
76561198216128620,Recommended,282800,34923074,Posted: 13 September,all,Misty,Sooner or later everyone who plays 100% Orange Juice gets to the stage when they hate this game but cant stop playing... So buy it only if you have a lot of time to waste and strong nerves.
,Recommended,282800,34959382,Posted: 14 September,all,ben,i played till i remembered to feed my family oopsah who needs em i have 100% Orange Juice.
76561198206065809,Recommended,282800,35011138,Posted: 16 September,all,Sweetiecat7,Lots of fun!
,Recommended,282800,35026889,Posted: 17 September,all,let me think,"Its a fun game to play with your friends,even though your unlucky sometimes its fun!"
76561198255290291,Recommended,282800,35034717,Posted: 17 September,all,GawsHawg,It's pretty fun
76561198087002805,Recommended,282800,35357165,Posted: 30 September,all,Mattness,fun
76561197980901776,Recommended,282800,16768363,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ruby Pink,"This game is stupid...and thats why its awsome.Single player is...um...yeah-But multiplayer is where all the fun is, having the game be so random just makes it that more fun, as you could have someone get stuck in a trap thats not even yours, you could beat a guy thats ahead in levels from you, and the whole thing is all luck and stratagy based.Most people probably dont like that about a game but its a neat spin on party board games and one you can pick up every now and again and just have a fun time with.Also its only 7 bucks compared to most mario party games which are...what, $40?"
76561198059964213,Recommended,282800,10289004,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Merol,Like Mario Party but minus the minigames and add more moe
76561198050654158,Recommended,282800,24002385,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Biker,It's like Mario Party with lolis.
,Recommended,282800,12635502,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Nepgear,"100% Orange has nothing to do with orange juice, does that matter?NO!This is game is a party game all friends can enjoy together. It's a great way to waste time in this almost addicting board/card/anime game. So what are you waiting for? GET THIS GAME, OR ELSE POPPO WILL CONSUME YOUR SOUL. (If you may purchase this game, you will soon know the wrath of Poppo.)"
,Recommended,282800,12456697,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"Addicting and fun. Although the NPCs I swear are rigged. Annoying batch, but good fun nonetheless when you play. Had to replay a few and it gets frustrating at times. Still not bad. a 7-8/10. I think there could be more, a bit of a rebalance too. That's all."
,Recommended,282800,13979682,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,infires man,"This is a cute board/game that also incorporates battle sequences, all adding up to an enjoyable game whether alone or with friends.It's a nice game for unwinding because of its bright colours and lack of a large storyline.  Though, through playing and earning stars, you can purchase powerups and cards.  By earning the stars, it gives the game enough of a goal to continue playing even without a plot that a RPG or such would have."
,Recommended,282800,24387619,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SneakBug,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game and also fruitbat thank u for this important treasure
,Recommended,282800,25076959,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,NeZ,10/10 my reality simulator
,Recommended,282800,19394151,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Starkban,That's the future!
,Recommended,282800,18740828,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,the one who FUCKS,never lucky
,Recommended,282800,30004272,Posted: 18 February,all,Ramen,Very Naisu!
,Recommended,282800,21560169,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The magic Ale,"It plays fairly like the mario party games, so if you are like me and loved those games i highly recommend try this out."
76561198240942254,Recommended,282800,30864831,Posted: 31 March,all,Jt the Red,"A truly remarkable game. The people behind this obviosuly put their hearts and souls and then some into it. Until the day I die, I will always tell people to buy 100% orange juice."
,Recommended,282800,33675926,Posted: 20 July,all,aqua,"im regret that not buying all dlc when its on sale lolbut i still enjooying this game, very addictive tho100/100% orange juice"
,Recommended,282800,13084006,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Jaq Frost,7.8/10 too much orange juice
76561197973292712,Recommended,282800,10185884,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Uthark,"Nice dice boardgame and great for playing with friends, i missed this type of games."
76561198108209328,Recommended,282800,13165431,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,KurisuChaN05,So much addicting. :D
,Recommended,282800,18334331,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Faptain Crunch,"No tears, only blood."
,Recommended,282800,19400383,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,fun!!! ~ board game // cute // play with friends! it is quite difficult. but you get the hang of it ^^
,Recommended,282800,30166739,Posted: 25 February,all,mario2192,basically mario party here. do you have friends? well prepare to lose them afterwards! :^)
76561198211037529,Recommended,282800,33755728,Posted: 23 July,all,Hibiki,Easy way to shorten your steam friends list.10/10 i hate myself and this game
,Recommended,282800,10157542,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,VERY snabb saab,Got rekt by a seagull10/10 would buy again
76561198162314719,Recommended,282800,33574761,Posted: 15 July,all,Papa Pepper,I'm sad I have no friends to play this game with
76561198125957389,Recommended,282800,24245450,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Real Cool Shades,Good game
,Recommended,282800,19150554,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Reanimate,"100% SaltA fun game that becomes saltier with each sip of orange juice. Each game consists of 4 players: The one who keeps winning, The one that has never won a game or has only come close to winning a game ( Only to lose to RNG and fall into last place), The Betrayer, and the one who decorates the board with trap cards. Prepare to test the limits of your friendships with this game.10/10 Would betray my friends again."
76561198078886634,Recommended,282800,34333859,Posted: 18 August,all,DucksDucksDucks,yes
,Recommended,282800,17290597,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MemKek,A fun game to play with friends and it has cute character designs. One flaw is the CPUs are rigged.
,Recommended,282800,18110897,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Foxturn,"1) Cute characters that will make you go ""KAWAIIIII""2) Feel confident when you thought you were going to win3) Get headaches every so often4) Lose sanity and cry like a horse5) Lose all your stars and die after being revived6) Faints -automatic rage quit-10/10 would go to the hospital again"
76561198086226140,Recommended,282800,11076331,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,NickM1,"I somehow won my first game against several of my very experienced friends, completely demonlishing them after spending the first half completely sucking thanks to bad luck and failed revival rolls. I actually got an achievement for failing to revive a bunch of times. Then I somehow killed a boss and then began killing everyone while getting massive amounts of stars and I had no idea what was happening but then I was the winner?10/10 it's okay"
76561198074084469,Recommended,282800,10166513,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,kittybubblez,"Make sure to get this game when it is on sale. It's a pretty cute game, but sometimes the battles make no sense."
,Recommended,282800,10600285,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,naked cats...,"probably the best board game on steam. single player is engaging, with four stories to beat and some extra levels. collecting cards and unlocking characters is fun and gives a reason to keep playing. speaking of characters, there's quite a few, with a wide range of stats and each having their own special card. you can use these characters online and play with friends. playing online is way more balanced than single player, because the single player seems to have really weird rng that can be frustrating at times. other than that, though, the game is incredibly funjust like my chinese cartoons/10"
,Recommended,282800,10825876,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Portal Jumper,This game is literally amazing. 10/10 Tons of fun!
,Recommended,282800,11357610,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,<3,You have better chances of winning the lottery than winning in this game.
,Recommended,282800,10166834,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,RiotGuga,Perfect to play with friends.
76561198020854514,Recommended,282800,11483427,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Fiddie Kiddler,Too much Animoo's 10/10
,Recommended,282800,12193543,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,darko,"gr8 game, localization team cares and updates with new content often, fun to play with friends and groups of people"
,Recommended,282800,13401327,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,8.,"All you can do is your own personal best. Just gotta keep a solid, positive attitude."
,Recommended,282800,11666300,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,yourfemfatal,"i dont quite understand the mechanics yet, but so far its just so cute :3how can you not love it!!KAWAII"
76561198072144953,Recommended,282800,12975605,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,NinjaGogeta,"If this game was real orange juice, it would be Tropicana.Whether or not it's gone off depends on the dice."
,Recommended,282800,13193518,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Terspook,Pretty good but RNGesus hates me
,Recommended,282800,12884507,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,sasunaru790,100% Moe Juice
,Recommended,282800,12957580,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TheAK1001,100% orange juice is a great stratagey board game. You can choose to try to stay out of fights and just collect stars to win or fight everyone and get wins or steal there stars. The story line is very cute and random and each character brings some thing new to the table. I highly recommend this game if u like simple stratagy board games
,Recommended,282800,13210108,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Producer,I still haven't gotten my damn wallet back!10/10
,Recommended,282800,13285634,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Chief709,"This game is my personal favourite beverage, whoever I don't like the orange bits so i'll only give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,282800,13833186,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,independent boy,"killed a duck and got some stars, then a cat girl with a pistol mugged me and took them10/10"
,Recommended,282800,13898310,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,dermil,A N I M E W E E K E N D S A L E
,Recommended,282800,13696674,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ahogao,god tier gaming
76561198026218312,Recommended,282800,13944422,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"This is truly a unique concept, combining card game, board game and RPG genres. I would have given this game a 10/10 but since there is no manual or tutorial it is more so a 9. However, when you finally figure out how the game works, it's loads of fun ( at times frustrating ;P ). It does not have minigames (like in Mario Party), so it is pretty much based on luck (which I don't have, hehe) and strategy. Overall, I loved the charming characters, the card play, battle system and the online play as well. It may seem a bit quirky if this isn't the kind of game you would normally play, but I do suggest trying it out, at least!"
76561198083160241,Recommended,282800,15140110,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Remi,Poppo Always Wins
76561198140735899,Recommended,282800,10654255,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ataraxice,"I've only played one match so far. Already consider it 100/10, would buy again. Haven't had so much in a very long time. Buy it."
,Recommended,282800,10817328,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,sushi,anime board games
,Recommended,282800,11446802,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,『RATMASTER.WAV 』,poppo  poppo poppo poppo poppo
,Recommended,282800,11682018,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Zarrex,"It's good.Bought it on sale on a whim with 3 friends when it came out, ended up gifting it to tons of people. Definitely one of the best lesser known games on Steam"
76561198093917133,Recommended,282800,17799257,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,TheCrimsonFckr,"When I was told to buy this game, I initially thought, ""Wtf, 100% orange juice? What does that even mean?"" No idea what I was buying. I have played this game a few times with friends and have learned how to play, and let me tell you! I still have no idea wtf I bought but damn if it isn't fun!"
,Recommended,282800,16573943,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LunaTQ「液雨」,"A board & dice game including characters from various orange_juice games. The goal is to gather stars or duel wins in order to win the game. It is very simple,very random,very frustrating, and most importantlyfun. An excellent game party for 4."
,Recommended,282800,17087264,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,DualEdge,"Hands down, bar none, the most suprisingly fun game I've found on Steam.Singleplayer is a slog, but at least you can hit Ctrl+Shift to speed the game up. Multiplayer though, is an intense competition with constant swings back and forth as people take risks they probably shouldn't and falling to just awful luck.Play it with friends you trust to not throw tantrums or with people who you want to stop being friends with."
76561198149374737,Recommended,282800,17308270,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Boogie,"This is just the game I was looking for to help me unwind!  It is simple, charming and done in a lovely board game style that harkens back to my childhood.  Story mode is amusing and challenging, yet still easy and fun to play.  This is a game about the luck of the dice and a few strategic choices, as all good board games should be!  I would give this game a 9/10!"
,Recommended,282800,17925202,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sand Tan,"0% Luck in 100% Orange JuiceWhen I played this game for the first time, I didn't read the guide so me and my friend had no idea what we were doing xD, but it was actually easy to learn the rules by playing 1 game. After more hours of gameplay, this game became more competitive and fun to play. Playing with friends is even better and the story mode is all goods to play. Tricks will be used, everyones luck will be random, and Seagulls will destroy you. My personal favourite board game ever.-Easy to learn system-Awesome card abilites-Hard NPCs-Variety of characters to play-Chickens and seagulls that can wreack-Tears friendships apart-Praying for a roll of 6-There is no orange Juice in the game9/10"
,Recommended,282800,16612757,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Virgin Kook,"This will change your life. I know, it changed mine."
76561198061267071,Recommended,282800,17332363,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Sorry Butt,"""Worse than Sakura Clicker"" - FrubeFrenzy and Proctor44"
76561198001743446,Recommended,282800,17745425,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Larnexea,"Description: 100% Orange Juice a game that pulls characters together from other games that Orange_Juice have created into a single game of crazy board game goodness. This game is basically summed as a board game meets card game. It has a few scenarios for a story mode with some extra/challenge scenarios after the scenarios to round out a decent pure singleplayer phase. The game is prefered for it's multiplay, it's multiplayer is for up to 4 people with cpu players filling in the blank spots and with some fun rewards you can unlock from multiplayer instead of playing the scenarios. There is also a free play mode to just jump in and play some against some cpu players instead of playing scenarios again and again or going into multiplayer.Good: It's a fun game with tons of replay to it. It's great for casual time wasting as well as just something for you and your friends to get together and play for a fun game night. The music for the game is fantastic as well ranging from simple little beats in the menus to jazz and techno/dance for character themes. The visuals are pleasing (if you apreciate cutesy animu). The cards all have fantastic art on them from comical to stunning. Flavor text on each card is a fun read some with refrences to the games they are orignally from to just fun little things. Fantastic thing is for a board game, there is a speed setting in which you can set how fast the animations flow in order to speed up each action in order to not have the game drag on from just waiting on the animations to stop (lots of animations from dice rolls, to card use, movement, and so on).Bad: The game is extremely RNG (like all board games) I am putting it into the bad becasue alot of people tend to rage at RNG and their horrible luck (basically here is your fair warning). Like Mario Party and Mario Kart back in the day, this game can destroy friendships if you are way to competetive. The anouncer can get alittle annoying constantly hearing the cutesy voice call out what panel you are landing on and which players turn it is (mainly because it steps on the music man, so good!).TL;DR: Great little animu board game to get together with friends and play just for the funzies. Great music, fun interesting art and visuals, can be very competetive if you are that kind of player, and VERY RNG!I give it from my own personal tastes as well as the factors stated above,9.5/10 Game as a whole10 waifus out of 10 For Animu goodness12 out of 10 For great music"
,Recommended,282800,16183323,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Acknown3,"100% Skill Juice, Mario Party anime edition where you still lose all of your friends thanks to RNGesus and dice fumbles;http://i.imgur.com/3njEAQr.pngOn a more serious note, it's mindless fun with a catchy (though repetitive) soundtrack and cute character sprites. The premise is confusing at first, but easy to catch on even if you ignore the gameplay manual. Unfortunately, the balance between characters is lacking, as Suguri, Marc, Poppo, and Tomomo tend to dominate multiplayer games, with the other characters only being chosen to break the monotony. In singleplayer, the AI will rig their dice rolls as a form of artificial difficulty, which is unfortunate. Definitely worth the price and can be fun to come back to, but much like Board Game Online or Cards Against Humanity, it loses its enjoyment as you discover how to min-max and the novelty wears off."
,Recommended,282800,17135179,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Hime~,It only took 40 hours for me to realize smashing my left clicker with all of my might does not grant me a higher roll.
,Recommended,282800,17189557,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Kzitold,"CPU TOO STRONG! NERF NOW!Need to give the lobby host the ability to adjust the CPU difficulty.Otherwise, great game."
76561198144845179,Recommended,282800,17349328,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Sleep is for the weak,"Surprisingly, this is a pretty good game. It can get frustrating in times, but all in all, it's a good game to play with friends and dominate them while throwing dice-su!"
,Recommended,282800,12530636,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Nate Wingman,"100% Orange Juice is the apex of virtual board games. It is the most exhilarating, adrenaline-flowing, heart-pounding, rage-inducing and rewarding thing to come from the country of Japan since the kotatsu. If you don't like anime, don't let the artstyle pull you away from making the best purchase of your video gaming career.While the singleplayer gives some interesting scenarios, the meat of this game is multiplayer over VoIP. Listening to adult men get frustrated and laugh like drug addicts, while watching small girls bouncing around on a disco board to happy-go-lucky music, is an amazing sight to behold for the low price of $3.  Friendships are at the stake, and it's your job to be the cute chibi girl to burn it all down to the ground.|||Let Justice Be Done, Though Lolis May Fall|||"
,Recommended,282800,12684936,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mahou Showgirl,If you like cute things and having fun and don't mind RNG then you'll probably love this game.
,Recommended,282800,12755177,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,rctdude2,"Fun as hell tabletop-esque game with cute characters and often ridiculous RNG. Great soundtrack, too."
,Recommended,282800,13488268,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,mimu,rolls a 1 on recoveryrolls a 6 on drop panel10/10
,Recommended,282800,13680396,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Megasan,"100% orange juice is a casual card/board game. That has a cute anime chibi theme to it, from the characters you play, to the cards you use.Gameplay: 8The game play here is pretty solid. You start off with a character, then you build a deck of cards that is used in the main game. Once everyone has made there decks the game will start. Once in the main game everyone's decks are placed into one pile in the middle of the current board. Which will be used to draw cards from. So that mean you can draw other players cards while they can draw your own. You'll find your self playing on different boards that can have a different setup each time you play. Each board has there own ""board event"" from doubling up on Star, cards, or losing stars, to being randomly teleported to a different square and much more.You have 6 different square types. Home, Card draw, star bonus, star lost, monsters, and teleports. most of these are self explanatory. Home is where your character starts the game off at. Home also is used to accept and complete missions also While it can heal you or anyone else for one hp if landed on it.  However one of the benefits about your own home is no matter what you roll if you end up going to it or passing it they game will allow you to stop at your own home and if you do so, you won't be able to use the rest of your movement. Monster squares are two fold. Monster Squares are events where you end up fighting a basic monster to gain more stars. But be careful they will fight back and knock you out resulting in you losing half your own stars. After so many turns every monster square will turn into a monster boss square which spawns harder monsters to take down but gives a greater star bonus when defeated. After a boss has been defeated all monster squares goes back to normal monster squares.You start a new game off with one card that is drawn from the deck in the middle. You are able to get more by landing on the green squares. Some card require you to pay and/or have the right level to use it. While many different card types to be used like Traps, Hypers, battle, events, and boost. Each can effect the game differently while adding more strategy to your game plan.Characters have there own character cards that shows there stats to attack, Defend, Evade and HP while some have card Ability’s. Every character has there own hyper card that is unique to them, However it is possible for other players to take this card from you and use it.The goal of the game is two fold. Either win by having 200 or more stars, or winning fights between monsters and other players. At the start of the game each player starts off at level one. To be able to level up you must complete missions either by collection enough stars or winning enough fights. The high level you can become is level five.Combat in this game is determine by a dice roll on a d6( a six sided die). When entering combat with a player or a monster your allowed to choose one card from your hand that can altar the fight, Keep in mind that only certain cards can be played during combat. The attacking player will always go first. While in combat your base stats will effect your rolls. When someone attacks the defending player or monster they have a chance of rolling either a Defend or an Evade roll. Each one plays out differently. While choosing a defend roll you Subtract your roll to the damage that is being inflicted on your character to a minimum of one damage. While Evading you MUST roll at least one number higher than the current attack number to avoid taking all damage, If you roll equal or less than the attack you will take the full on coming damage to your character. Both sides will be given a chance to attack and defend. However there can only be one attack and one defend roll for each side. There are cards that can effect this however. When fighting a fellow player, if you successfully knock them out you will gain half of there stars into your own pool. After a player is knocked out, every turn that comes they will need to roll to be brought back up, if they fail to get back up the rest of there turn is skipped.Now the bad part about the game play is the RNG (Random number generator) factor. However do not let this discourage. There will be times you feel like the game is cheating you while other time you feel like things are playing out in your favor. If you get easily upset or take game seriously then this game is NOT for you. This game is a fun casual game that almost anyone can pick up and play. And If you don't mind the RNG factor then you might find this game to your liking.When finishing your current game, every star you have collected will be added to your game profile to be used in the store. The store is where you buy booster packs, More characters, Color pallets for characters, and boards. However the bad part about the store is that you must level up your profile to unlock more stuff from with in the store. To do this you have to play online with either friends or random players. It's not much of a big deal really but it still would of been nice to have a leveling up system in single player for the people who are just wanting a fun quick game and not have to play with others. However this is still a minor thing.Graphics: 7The graphics in the game are very colourful with an anime style look and feel to them. All the characters are chibi form. The game has very playful and inviting graphics that is simple but yet nice to look at.The only real problem i can see with the graphics is when you are playing on a board the background has the same repeating design over and over. It's nothing major. Some people may find it distracting or annoying.Music: 8The soundtrack is great mix of easy listening music, to upbeat techno, to anime style music. One thing that can be a problem is while playing the music can repeat it's self over and over again.Story: 3The story is all over the place. There is no real “story” being told here. Every character you can play as has a some what of mini-story to it. The story’s are mostly a random reason to play the game with other NPC's you end up meeting. Some of the reason can be cute and funny.Online: -I normally don't review online play for games. However with how the game is setup it forces you play online to unlock more stuff as I stated above. Over all it doesn't bother me that I have to play online. However I believe a game shouldn't force you into playing online to unlock everything. There are much worse examples out there that does this than this game does.Final though. I give this game a 8 out of 10.While this game is very casual and fun, with no real story going on. It's play value is really high. It may be annoying with the RNG factor however this can be the most fun part of the game of just not knowing the out come of whats ahead. I can not stress this enough that this is a casual game and should NOT be taken seriously. It's a very light hearted game. I can see this being a fun game that the whole family can enjoy(if you have mutable computers, steam accounts and willing to buy this game for each account). For the price it is well worth it. I have spent hours playing this game and  I can say that I have not been disappointed. It's a very simple game but can have enough complexity to satisfied most gamers.I HIGHLY re command this game to pretty much anymore. Just don't let the RNG factor stop you from enjoying this game."
,Recommended,282800,13745281,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Bluplex,Made me feel like Giant Swinging my computer into a riverA+ would recommend
76561198040876522,Not Recommended,282800,12672858,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Witch ~,Yumi and Billy are big bullies >:(
,Recommended,282800,32150806,Posted: 3 June,all,Ririchan¯\_(ツ)_/¯.GalihNy,White Suguri is Kawaiii <3FunThe Third most played game
76561198026572613,Recommended,282800,13601610,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,VertigoBlue,"It's pretty intense sometimes. You can go from ""we're having fun, guys"" to ""YOU'RE DEAD MEAT,"" just like with Mario Party. Except this ain't Mario Party. This is 100% Orange Juice -- completely different from Nintendo's party game."
,Recommended,282800,29648784,Posted: 2 February,all,Bananya,"Ubiquitous, i hate that card. but i love this game."
,Recommended,282800,35017529,Posted: 17 September,all,ŧЋэ эđġỶ ċŭήŧ,IGN 10/10 rigged like the 2016 US presidential elections. Would be hacked by russians again
,Recommended,282800,34874040,Posted: 10 September,all,SenorSavage,"I absolutely hate Weebs and Anime, but the mechanics and gameplay of this game make up for it. It's also dirt cheap most of the time. Would definitely recommend playing this with friends, as by yourself play is boring. (Also a good note: This game is maybe only about 50% Orange Juice, with the other 50% being additives and corn syrup)"
76561198183899007,Recommended,282800,28637511,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Spooktopus,May RNGesus be on your side.
,Recommended,282800,34774475,Posted: 6 September,all,Confuffled,What
76561198219288688,Recommended,282800,35100409,Posted: 21 September,all,PedroPedreiro,10/10 anime girls fighting would dice
76561198131118378,Recommended,282800,34659359,Posted: 1 September,all,ramen slut,It's just a great game
,Recommended,282800,18210162,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ocean Bacon,Pros:Kawaii ThingsDlc Is MehIts Like Mario PartyGreat Cooperative PlayFun To  Just Murder Your FriendsCons:Rng Can Rekt YouThe Final Boss And The Bonus Stage can be hellIn Match Bosses Can Be annoyingThe Seagull Is Not A Duck
,Recommended,282800,29567952,Posted: 29 January,all,dog,The best [1] you will ever [1]. I guarentee you will [1] this.
,Recommended,282800,30056450,Posted: 20 February,all,Ahri,Fernet best grill 10/10
76561198050949460,Recommended,282800,31036818,Posted: 9 April,all,♔Monochrome,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXsQAXx_ao0
76561198130096352,Recommended,282800,11430896,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,MysteryK,This board game is very addictive its dangerous. If you're into RNG and always bet with risks this game is for you...
,Recommended,282800,11975210,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,damon,this game is ACCELERATING
76561198079527770,Recommended,282800,12489086,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Monkeynet,You won't drink any other beverage again.10/10
76561198022126715,Recommended,282800,12509432,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Ɖrəɐɱ,"Extremely oppressive to men everywhere. Outright, blunt, no beating around that forest of bushes. Gag. This game displays exactly what is wrong with today's world. Men. Being. Oppressed. For too long our once proud♥♥♥♥♥♥♥now sway, dangled, blue balled and all. Our unquestionable talents caged. Our unrivalled wit squandered. Visionaries and ages of enlightenment all but silenced. Masculinists holding the last line of defense. The walls crumble as the ideological bolts fire bringing the foundations of rational reasoning all but to ruin. The hidden tears of strength forgotten. The light that once drove us now has us hiding in terror. In a world we no longer belong, beading sweat drops of the brow cry folly for there is no progress to be had. We shout under our breaths. We ball our fists and grit our teeth. We collectively writhe in agony untold. For this is the brotherhood of man. A brotherhood of 1. The epitome, unlike anything known to the universe. The epiphany of realization in itself! The embodiment of the protector, the shield. Our last line of defense.Kai.9/10Pros - A chance for men everywhere to shine. To let their greatness be known against all odds. Bromos Unite.Cons - Oppressive vag"
76561198069577218,Recommended,282800,12800702,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,「 Mante 」,Awesome
,Recommended,282800,15583885,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MONOchrme,"""F*cks up your good day, Brightens up your bad day"""
,Recommended,282800,10512368,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,wooden_door,the weeaboo in me is finally free
,Recommended,282800,13444075,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,KING Geedorah,ANIME
,Recommended,282800,23223221,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,hatsunator,"It's time to D-d-d-d-d-d-d-die in this fun card game where you have dice battles to decide the fate of your cute character.You can collect cards to build your own decks and play in dozens of different styles that revolve around murder, money laundering, theft and making people regret not choosing poppo.This game gets a 100% fun all the time with 0% of the legal liabilities."
,Recommended,282800,23242569,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,FrawztFyre,The game to play with your friends and family to test the strength of your bonds.That or just suffering to ducks and chickens that roll 8Cry so much you can't see your cards anymore as RNGesus laughs at youGood game 9.5/10 would suffer again
,Recommended,282800,12872315,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Zpseab,"Great game, very frustrating but addictive.  Try it and you will never go back!"
,Not Recommended,282800,33623020,Posted: 17 July,all,Mau5 Effect,Feels more like watching life happen at you than playing a game. Won't recommend anyone play this solo but then chances are a friend has referred this to you. If you're naturally salty then definitely stay away cause you're going to be annoyed the whole time by the RNG based gameplay.
,Recommended,282800,12792059,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,cool stranger,probably better than your favourite game dumb idiot
,Recommended,282800,16410002,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,yuki,"Cute and silly board game to play on a relaxing afternoon.Also a cute and silly board game that people often tryhard and take way, waaaay too seriously. Chill out, ya lil' lassies, this ain't MLG Quake. You roll dice, calm down."
,Not Recommended,282800,31469811,Posted: 30 April,all,euro1215,I actually dont get why does this have soo much good reviews. This game is about pure luck. Gameplay is bassicaly none and gets boring after some time. Only thing that revives this game is buying stuff and get unlockables - Now... This gets unsatisfying when you notice that there isMore DLCs than content its self.Seriously. you buy this game for 7 euro. And then you can buy more characters for money? Theres is such low content in this game. Its missing soo much.Only thing i like about this game is the fight system and the soundtrack.
76561198082448296,Recommended,282800,19574093,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Bongbo!!!,100% Orange Juice is a game.Its a board gameIts a video gameits a game for weabsa game for raging squrrielsa game for people who have friendsand a game for people who love to lose friends :)
,Recommended,282800,27915688,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Deez Nuts,"Keep bumping my mouse with my chubby and choose the wronge panel, then get banged by a seagull"
,Recommended,282800,28029537,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,alice in thunderdome,MORE LIKE 100% RNG
,Recommended,282800,23891184,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashishi,"i see Kawaii Chibi characters and bright colours, i buy"
,Recommended,282800,13931534,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,nitehawk,I wanted 100% Orange - It gave me Lemon-Lime
,Recommended,282800,11366945,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,csgogem.com AND YOU KNOW,>Be me>Friend uses my account and buys this game for me>JK I saw it in the sale and wanted it>Installs this 1gb game expecting fun and no violence>Opens game>Makes profile>Everything good so far...>Go into solo game>See cards>Fill up with one of each>CPU Plays before me>CPU comes up to me and initiates battle>They roll a 6>I use evade and roll a 6>Expect to dodge>6 Damage>Killed before i can even take my first turn>Rage quit.>Good game anyway>Continue to play scenario modes.>Giving this 10/10 just for the plays that were made that turn
,Recommended,282800,24356809,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,-pg- CDNBreadCats,almost as good as real little girls
,Recommended,282800,14046166,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Snakeboy229,"I have played hundreds of games in my lifetime. Some good, some bad. But this. THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. This game hurts me so badly. I roll so badly all the time, get one shot by seagulls, i have played for 4 hours at the time of writting this and i still haven't even won a single game.But that said, I keep coming back for more torture.This game, as with most kinds of torture, is best when experienced with friends."
,Recommended,282800,24837380,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Poseidon,Like Skyrim but with orange juice
,Recommended,282800,16533010,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cyn,Best Board Game ever 10/10 imo.
,Recommended,282800,17030464,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,vocaloid1171,A fun little game about kawaii waifus murdering eachother to get the norma. The game is a little more rage inducing than it looks but quite fun. It's a simple board game that allows you to draw cards and mess with each other. In order to win you must complete the norma 6 times. You either have the choice of collecting stars or defeating enemies. Be careful though because if you lose a battle you lose your stars. The cards however allow you to play with the rules. It's kind of like Sorry! the board game but different in a couple of ways. However watch out for poppo because she is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282800,30309193,Posted: 3 March,all,prupelhack,"Biscuits, Seagulls, Dealer of L's, White Privilege, whats not to love about this game?Well RNG is a ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,282800,16538780,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Phaydie,I want orange juice nowEdit: i dont want orange juice anymore
,Recommended,282800,16539339,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ming Fai,I AM THE ORANGE LORD!!!!!!!!!1
,Recommended,282800,30626490,Posted: 19 March,all,Isecream,Who wants a free copy of 100% Orange JuiceBH6TD-XFVQX-AWQGM
,Recommended,282800,13533258,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ADD MY OTHER ACC - ANTHONY,game is pure luck and i lose every ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,282800,16164988,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,EJ,"100% RNG-uiceA really fun game to play with friends, I say this, also another way to destroy friendships, I mean, Cloud of Seagulls is OP, as well as Yuki's Gamble and Long Distance Shot, like oh boy, the many fates i've received. Still, I can't keep away from those Chibi Girls, a good way to pass the time, either with friends or on your own.Just beware of the Offensive Seagull, the Defensive Ball and the Evasive Chicken...Because 100% RNG-uice (ayyy) loves to just screw you over with the mobs rolling a 6 which for the seagull is a 7, my poor Suguri or my Saki can't withstand the brute force that is the Offensive Seagull.Still salty af game tbh lol still great (26/11/16)Good times indeed :^)"
,Recommended,282800,16433112,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,agentpierro,kawaii
,Recommended,282800,13783986,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,gkbr.AXZ,♥♥♥♥ mariepopo♥♥♥♥ tomomo♥♥♥♥ chicken
,Recommended,282800,19767723,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Tasoittaja,"I got ""some poeple have all the luck"" twice in a row. I still dont get what this game has to do with orange juice."
,Recommended,282800,29423033,Posted: 22 January,all,BABI AVATAR WIBU SEMUA,Hello! im a weeaboo
76561198120227622,Recommended,282800,27908917,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TskR Illusion,"""I LIKE ORANGE JUICE."" :D 10/10 - IGN."
,Recommended,282800,25067329,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,.mkev,100% Salt
,Recommended,282800,25032539,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fruity,hOLY ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282800,27176873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,` ＣＨＥＲＲＹ .,<3
,Recommended,282800,14818996,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Qu'est-ce que sauvé?,"A fun, kawaii RNG based board game. Many strategies can be applied to increase your probablility of winning, but the RNG will make sure you can't win or lose the game nearly every round.Most fun with human players, there is almost always somebody willing to play with you, and it's hard to find ♥♥♥♥ players. Lively conversation can be had about what's going on in the match if you or another are a little creative, and it adds to the social aspect greatly.Certainly worth full price, doubly worth it on sale. I haven't felt I spent my $ so appropriately in quite some time.100% value!"
,Recommended,282800,31210209,Posted: 17 April,all,Wickedcoolguy1,Has anyone seen my friendships?  I'd like them back.  It's starting to get lonely.
,Recommended,282800,10780986,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ObeseSausage,Popo took a poopoo on me 1/1.Very kawaii board game. Addicting beyond belief if playing with friends.Playing alone will anoy you because CPU's are bootyholes.PS: If you are alergic to oranges...no one cares. This game will cure you.
,Recommended,282800,27864638,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eltarek,Watch your friends getting cancer whenever they'll step on a boss and die.Priceless. 100%/100%
,Recommended,282800,30264899,Posted: 1 March,all,Arturo Did Nothing Wrong,100% lost all my friends
,Recommended,282800,15297558,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,東方~Luna~両奈,"WHERE IS MY GODDAMN JUICE?A true lady drinks her Orange Juice 100% pure and yet she still has to look elephant (elegant) while doing so.(That pun is so unknown, I am sorry for that but I couldn't resist.)Boardgames and Dices. You know the outcome will be: broken friendships, fights, deaths or maybe only 50% in your 100% Orange Juice!!!Nice artwork, cool soundtracks. I really like it.100% Orange Juice Rating: 100%/10""At least it is no Milk Juice - The Lewdest Person"""
76561198115546526,Recommended,282800,18270523,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Loth Mythic,this game is really fun.However it is worse than Mario Party for destroying friends....I lost a friend playing this game
,Recommended,282800,10414692,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ScrubsMcGhee,"At first I when I saw this game I thought wow you've got to be kidding me. But when I downloaded the demo and actually played it I found it to be quite fun and the banter in the campaign was ridiculous and funny. I love the solo, but I can tell the multiplayer will be even better. That is when one of you guys actually buys the game and plays it with me."
76561198317822717,Recommended,282800,32582314,Posted: 19 June,all,Runesabre118,im lactose intollerant and i cant tollerate people who dont play this game lol get it
,Recommended,282800,11136226,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,лягушка папа,The real deal. Pretty delicious and has lots of vitamin c. Much healthier than those over-sweetened 5% crappy orange juices.10/10 Go out and pick some up ASAP.
76561198143032467,Recommended,282800,32123163,Posted: 2 June,all,Taco,The RNGods hate me and I hate the GNGods back.
,Recommended,282800,27569035,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Junayah,Poppo stole this review.
,Recommended,282800,31141935,Posted: 14 April,all,Einsbent,"100% Orange Juice is not made from orange essence, but 100% of love!"
,Recommended,282800,33150394,Posted: 2 July,all,evildeadfan102,I suck at this game.
,Recommended,282800,12741757,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Yanahma,"A fast paced game full of cute japanese mangos, that will have you screaming at the screen due to RNJesus always betraying you. Play with friends, curse Popopo for existing, roll dice & roll dice, fun."
,Recommended,282800,12823709,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Outside In,This game is pretty much Kawaii mario party without any minigames... 8/8 would masturb8
76561198380413899,Recommended,282800,32407578,Posted: 14 June,all,ir4un,gud game
76561198118027550,Recommended,282800,32885572,Posted: 27 June,all,ylwf,Lulz
76561198136679812,Recommended,282800,15807749,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Maya,"==After beating the first scenario, and a bit of multiplayer....yeah, I think I'm overdue for a review.==*Do I recommend this game?-Do I? DO I? Does QP LOVE Pudding? Well, if you can't figure out the obvious answer, then it's yes.*WHY do I recommend this game?-Well, there's multiple reasons why, but as for the main reason, I actually was looking to get a game that would give me a break from my tf2 craze, and my god, this did MORE than that. I already love anime-related stuff, but this was just one drink that I couldn't get enough of. Having a bit of luck and unpredictability involved in this game got me running back for more, plus the cute animations and design put altogether in this is like icing on a cake: Perfection.*Gameplay-The closest game that plays like 100% Orange Juice is Mario Party, because of how there is a goal you are trying to achieve. In here, it gets very competitive, and can become pretty rage-inducing if you don't play your cards right (literally), plus, the game requires a bit of luck, too. Also, strategy in building your hand helps, because as you progress through the game, having good knowledge about the different characters' stats is helpful when trying to eliminate the competition.*Other things....-I would suggest reading the manual before starting campaign mode, because there is NO tutorial in this game. You actually READ the instructions before playing, because...it's a BOARD GAME. Plus, if you're unsure on whether to buy this game first, try the demo and see if you like it. A friend of mine said this was worth it, and I took his word; I haven't looked back on buying this since. As for the DLC, it's alright, adding a couple characters to the game, and a new booster pack as well, putting a bit more into the game itself, but nothing really much other than that.*Overall Review and Rating-100% Orange Juice is one jewel of a game that is fun, button-pushing, and even better with friends.=Rating: 9/10="
76561198044627733,Recommended,282800,24904609,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Chiorydax446,"I can't express just how much fun this is to play with friends. But damn it, I'll try.For one, it is extremely balanced. Sure, some concepts seem really overpowered, but they each have their own drawback, and the more extreme, the better. I don't think there's any way to master this game-- so much of it is based on chance, but that's a huge part of the fun.The biggest drawback to the game, in my opinion, is the fact that the single player is really not worth much. Sure, it can help you learn and master the individual mechanics, and beating it unlocks some fun characters. Otherwise, though, I gave up on it pretty quickly.One thing I've noticed from Orange Juice (the developer) is that they know how to dish out pain. Like, Sora is still kicking my butt on easy mode. But beyond that, this game offers some really mean characters. And one of the worst (I'm looking at you, Marie Popo) is in EVERY level of the story mode. So overcoming the story is a real accomplishment.But what really makes this game worthwhile is the ability to play with friends, especially if you chat over some voice communication app or whatever. Laugh, cry, threaten each other, it's all part of the experience. I can easily say this is my favorite ""board game"" of all time."
76561198042864202,Recommended,282800,14371218,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Materia User,"100% Orange Juice is the nonsensical name of this game.The play reflects this - but it's a good thing.Though usually having a game revolve around luck is a bad thing this game pulls it off. I mean the moment when you beat the person who was in the lead for most of the game using your hyper is a pretty good feeling. Then you lose to the weakest enemy npc in the game immediately after...did I mention the amount of rage this game can induce?Ah but it evens out you see, because then you witness your opponent rolling a one 6 times in a row and when he finally revives is killed by a trap.This game will test your manliness despite it's looks. If you can fail to get to your homebase throughout the entire game, despite being able to win the entire time and laugh it off - then you have truly become a real man."
,Recommended,282800,11309687,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Deggypoop 👻,As bad as this game may seem... it's addictive...and really fun with friends :D
,Recommended,282800,13051515,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Cheeki Breeki,This have needs to have an award for the best community yet
,Recommended,282800,12513927,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Shotagonist,"The general reviews of this game are highly positive, but other than its cuteness factor, this game has really nothing going for it. It's not hard, its random. All possible decisions in this game are painfully obvious and the outcome of the game solely relies on luck of the dice. It might be fun for some to just roll some dice and see things happening with cute moe characters, but if you fancy good gameplay, I'd recommend you to look otherwise."
,Recommended,282800,11529637,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,burgers,kawaii-est boardgame ever
,Recommended,282800,23974087,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Max&Ruby,"Converted me to RNGslam, and convinced me to pray to RNjesus each night."
,Recommended,282800,34329926,Posted: 18 August,all,Ziea Cx,My parents abandonned me10/10 IGN
,Recommended,282800,23547977,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Cafard du Bled,Wtf this is hard D:
,Recommended,282800,29620492,Posted: 31 January,all,Bern the Witch,Moe out the butt and will make you hate RNG forever.And make your friends hate you forever too.Assuming you have friends.10/10
,Recommended,282800,26718280,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,F O T O C O P Y,fun game with simple dice and battle gameplaybut if any character have to use special skills effect is more cool gameplay
76561198106653351,Recommended,282800,29414421,Posted: 21 January,all,Ryku,More intense than I thought100% worth itDice aren't your friendsOnes are evil
,Recommended,282800,29891093,Posted: 12 February,all,Retroninja15,"I'm sure someone else has said this before, but it's like Mario Party, with more suffering. 10/10"
,Recommended,282800,12786162,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fishy Noodle,"Well, I'm having some fun playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥Some good quality fun. I don't even know."
,Recommended,282800,29468411,Posted: 24 January,all,Spoopy Punpkin Rosalie (Lilian),Such an adorable and wonderful game. super fun and super cute :3
,Recommended,282800,23590727,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Hina,i have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ i'm doing but it's fun tbh
76561198262344628,Recommended,282800,26190650,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Hannah Hime,I love this game! Just bought more DLC muwahahaha!
76561198014798018,Recommended,282800,13987166,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,xX_Dual_W1eld_Uc1ha_K1r1t0_69_Xx,"I used to have scurvy but then I bought this game and I was k.But really, I thought this game was 100% luck at first. Then you play it a bit and realize that a lot of the skill comes from risk managment and thoughtful consideration for available options. There is a surprisingly large amount of decisions that you have to make  for a game that is very much based on dice. But with the inclusion of a hand of cards and the ability to halt your movement on certain spots instead of just passing over them. You can actually be GOOD at this game.That being said low rollin will hurt your soul and make you cry so get ready for Mario Party/Monopoly levels of Salt."
76561198194581175,Recommended,282800,17080932,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,TheHolEntireHorse,I liked the game. perfect for weeabos of all ages. it has chinese-animu girls and a coollooking protagonist. did i mention that i totally suck at this game? But i still manage to play it because it's fun to play with the squad amirite? UPTOP
,Recommended,282800,25663377,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,๖ۣۜBｌａｓｔ ♐ 爆風,"100% Orange JuiceI bought this game to play with my friends and found it fun and interesting.There are a bit of inconsistencies but it is great,nothing is perfect without feedback.Pros:Customizable charactersIn-Game chatCreative UIGreat priceNon-Toxic communityCampaign/Story modeAnd here is one issue . . . the manual is a bit confising to the eye because there are many words but that may be my own issue. The game plays like Mario Party or a board game of some sort and that is neat.Anyone can play this if you put your mind to it."
,Recommended,282800,13203903,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,"Okay, so here's the thing. I put off buying this for a long time because well... It's a board game. Then after I bought it I let it sit unused for a while because the first time I opened it up and tried to go to the instructions I got directed to an external web-page (within the steam overlay) and the instructions are the kind that are incredibly detailed while managing to be mostly worthless.Anyway, this morning I tried actually playing through a few rounds andTHIS GAME IS FUN AND KAWAII.If you like fun and/or kawaii, then buy this game right now.[UPDATE]Your soul is in danger.OJ will eat your soul.Run while you still can.I CAN HEAR IT CALLING ME.I'M COMING, MASTERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr..................."
76561198060587331,Recommended,282800,10964927,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,honu9568,despite how it looks (too Kawaii) its acually pretty challenging and has multiplayer
,Recommended,282800,10193819,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Onionknight,"If you like Mario Party and love board games, you will love this. There isn't much strategy involved and most of the time it is RNG (Random number generated) events. But with the cards and items  you can play, you can make the game push in your favor.The unique artwork and cute design is also a plus. I noticed that the steam cards for this game is also highly valuable as people are willing to jump head over heels for the ""CHICKEN"" badge."
76561198024264006,Recommended,282800,10211261,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Blakers54,"It is a fun game for anyone looking for something to pass time, just be warned you might rage very hard while playing this, more than Dark Souls in my opinion."
76561198115130752,Recommended,282800,10275876,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,赤いカチューシャ,"I would have bought it anyway because Orange Juice, but it's actually a fun game to play with friends. There's alot of RNG involved, but cards can offset it. Also it's hilarious to for people to fail miserably. Good fun either way."
76561197995096023,Recommended,282800,10307401,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,purpleatomsk,"Game is very casual and fun to play, with cute characters and card arts. Even more fun if you play with your friends. You may spend quite a bit of time playing as your collector soul may demand for 100% card collection.Strategizing is important, but whats even more influential on the outcome of the game is your dice luck (at least in my experience), which raises difficulty bar by quite a bit. Anyway, for the price, I say this game is excellent."
,Recommended,282800,11553893,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Hugh Mungus,"This game is the epitome of rage... and I love it. It's a really fun game to pick up for half an hour every now and then (this quickly becomes one hour, then two and so on) and it is really addictive, too addictive perhaps. It's flaw however is that the game, at least in single player mode, cheats. It cheats like a motherclucker. Like a four year old playing monopoly. If you're planning on playing the campaign of this game, be ready to exhaust your vocabulary of swears. That aside, it's definitely the best board game simulator on Steam."
,Recommended,282800,11555092,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Kaiten92,"As a console peasant, I usually buy WTF games like this to have a few laughs with friends. I had no clue what to expect and the game doesn't teach you anything about how to win or anything. That being said, if you actually pay attention, you can learn the basics after playing a game or two. You basically have to reach a pre-determined goal and stop at one of the marked houses to collect a star and choose another goal.I jokingly say this game is 50% Marvel (in reference to Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3) and 50% Mario Party. In Marvel (online), there are tons of times where the game messes you up by lagging and/or creating situations that wouldn't happen offline. In Mario Party, players constantly try to steal stars and/or make other players lose stars. A game that sometimes works agaisnt you with players that also are against you but it's a board game. That's what 100% Orange Juice is. I've had times where I smartly almost won then I would land on a drop spot right before the ""home"" panel. Or being hit by an enemy from across the board and dying because of it. It's a fun game with friends but VERY infuriating at times."
,Recommended,282800,11762000,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,CAPTAIN FALCON,100% CHANCE TO INCREASE BLOOD PRESSURE DO NOT PLAY IF UR NAME IS GILGAMESH OR DWANG
,Recommended,282800,10180920,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,DangoSage,"I don't normally pray to RNG, but when I do, it's for a freakin dice game."
,Recommended,282800,11013778,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ani-Momo,"100% harder than dark souls, I like it."
,Recommended,282800,10200435,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SenpaiSenseiSama,A simple and addictive game. Almost as good as orange juice.Over 100 hours in: The cute animal girls keep me going.
,Recommended,282800,10980442,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Onions,"WARNING: There is a lot of ""KAWAII UGUU HYAKA PERCENTUU ORANGA JUICUU"" and chibi anime girls, if that's the kind of thing you're into.  Uh.  Its a fast past dice-rolling card-drawing board game kind of like Dokapon meets Mario Party meets...Yu-gi-oh?  YOU ACTIVATED MY TRAP CARD! The game consists of really quick turns drawing boosting/debuff cards to snipe enemy players or add other chaos while everyone's scrambling to race for 'levels' via defeating enemies or gaining stars.  While a fun game, I recommend it only during a sale."
76561198110702832,Recommended,282800,13191098,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,The Man™,"this game is insane, stupid fun.  (only if you dont care raging, and/or killing your friends after every game).............Have Fun :)"
,Recommended,282800,13291113,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Feral Ghost,"Can I just tell you how addicting this game is? But man, it also makes you rage like hell fire!"
,Recommended,282800,13423581,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Kiko,gud game very competitive scene
,Recommended,282800,13442110,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,LimonKay,"A high quality FPS. I recommend to anyone who is a fan of the Call Of Duty, Counter-Strike, Halo or Destiny™ franchise(s)."
,Recommended,282800,13518620,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Relinquished,JAPANESE MARIO PARTY
,Recommended,282800,13555116,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FreakyM,"This game is a very special brand of madness. Check your sanity in at the door, and beware the dangerous pudding."
76561198061047325,Recommended,282800,13557109,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Joseph,10/10 ALL MY FRIENDS GOT REKT.
,Recommended,282800,13578221,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Syrian Mayo,:100percent: Fun:100percent: Yes:100percent: Love:100percent: 16x Rocket (Will not forgive you Reuter):100percent: Absolutely :100percent:
,Recommended,282800,13682359,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DoubleOChinChin,Droppu like its hot
,Recommended,282800,13726084,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Noni,"100% Orange Juice is an extremely fun, yet frustrating game. I have never felt so much anger towards a character as I have with Marie Poppo.10/10, would rage again."
,Recommended,282800,13819480,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MooTaters,"A fun board game to play with friends.  Though it can get rather frustrating against NPC's as depending on the NPC it seems like luck gets tilted in their favor(I have no 100% proof of this though).  They have added the ability to change difficulty level though, so playing campaign may be less painful on casual."
,Recommended,282800,13899869,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Hector Plz,"I have no idea what's going on, I've played for about 4 hours and I still don't understand how to win"
,Recommended,282800,18656317,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Bronco Donco,Korean Monopoly with Hearthstone Mechanics I r8 8/8
,Recommended,282800,32512448,Posted: 17 June,all,☩ KruziikDova ⛧ XAVLEG,One does not simply beat Poppo
,Recommended,282800,17180584,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Rhadnar,"Very good game.Enjoyable music, acceptable graphics, and fun story.Collect star's, battle for them or just roll some dices.Upgrade your level and win.It's easy to understand and play, but it's not to easy to win unless you know when and how to use the best cards.Cards will be distributed random as you stop on the right square, so i cant say it's a strategic card game, its more luck based than anything else.don't become frustrated just because you lost, play with friends it's very fun."
76561198197906147,Recommended,282800,31635435,Posted: 8 May,all,1100,10/10
76561197981356193,Recommended,282800,11297071,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,fatcoland,"100% Orange Juice is a board game that consists of 20% skill, and 80% luck.  You do have some decisions to make, but fate is mostly decided by the dice.  Gameplay consists of choosing cards that will tilt dice rolls in your favor, choosing your path when you see a fork in the road, choosing to fight or not, and choosing if you want to advance by collecting stars or winning battles.  Although it may sound like you have decisions to make, you'll quickly realize that there aren't too many opportunities to make decisions, and ultimately the dice decide everybody's fate.Check out the demo to get a feel for the game.  If you like cutsey anime characters and games of chance, this is made for you.  If you really like being in control of situations, you should probably look somewhere else."
,Recommended,282800,28128519,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gamer,Got rekt by a seagull.
,Recommended,282800,29451980,Posted: 23 January,all,Barnsley1001,My dreams are haunted by a seagull attacking me.7gull/10
,Recommended,282800,29725565,Posted: 5 February,all,Master Metallia,Really fun game to play but it is very rage injuicing
,Recommended,282800,13908878,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Misfiring,"I rolled a one when I need two or more to revive, and got an achievement.10/10"
,Recommended,282800,13921951,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Jack Frost,"Play this game with your friends. it really is a ton of fun. If u need a stress reliever (or inducer if u are a luckless person) this is the stuff. laugh at your friend's misery or put them through an even worse misery. be warned, your friends might hate you in real life for it >_<"
,Recommended,282800,14216961,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,AUS,"Do you like Mario Party without Mini-games? Do you like little anime girls and boys? Do you like bad english translations and tons of japanese voiceovers? If you answered yes to any of these you should pick up 100% Orange Juice. This is a game that trully from a technical standpoint appears to be a failure, it is a board game that consist of linear RPG style battles and stats and cards that barely effect the game. But somehow 100% Orange Juice's charm and overall fun feel make it a fun party game with friends that is usually good for a laugh.-AUS ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,282800,14590125,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,炎神 DJ Tri-Edge,"Juice is Love, Juice is Life, Juice is... ♥♥♥♥ that guy..."
,Recommended,282800,14767223,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Alan E.J Easton,"So this game suprised me, I wasn't expecting something quite as addictive and fun, the game has some fun characters, intersting and easy concepts and is definately worth the money!The game's RNG doesn't get in the way of being skilled and alot of the games skill actually focusses on adaptive strategy, adapting to the situation you're in and selecting your decision.The game is very fair to anyone, you could put a total noob against a game god and the noob still has a good chance of winning. The game's online play is very fun and playing against 3 other friends whilst chatting online leaves you with over an hour of joy per game of players screaming, laughing and praising/praying to the RNG gods.However, the game still could use a little more improvements, I wish there were more Norma options and whilst the game is pretty deep in terms of what you can do, I'm always wanting more!Otherwise this game is a great game to play with friends or on your own.9/10 recommend."
,Recommended,282800,14849965,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Qelris,"I'd never have thought a game with such a name would make me rage, yet have fun at the same time.High luck reliant board game with cute arts with cards to collect and use. But there's a twist, the cards in your deck can be used by everyone. Each player has to select 10 cards for their deck, and the cards from all the players are added together into one single pool that everyone draws from. Playing this game with friends is the best, as the bots in campaign seems to have rigged rolls."
,Recommended,282800,14915594,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,FadedPhoenix,"I found the game to be fun, but some of the guns were too overpowered and the matchmaking was a little unfair. 10/10"
,Recommended,282800,14925247,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Luckyseven67,"Screw the AI. Cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Speaking of, if you want to campaign fast hold ctrl + shift for super speed."
,Recommended,282800,15517700,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Cattiv0,"Similar to Mario Party but with useless dumb dialogue and slightly more customisation. Collection of characters and cards is fun, story mode is passable. The DLC is fine for the price that it is."
,Recommended,282800,20021429,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HikaruJoe,better than YU GI OH battle card xD whaa whaa whaa ~ 9/10<3 Poppo <3
,Recommended,282800,21148995,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,AlifAiman11,Best game ever
,Recommended,282800,21384006,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,20DX00,"For someone who likes short board games that last around 10 mins like myself, what are my thoughts on this game?What I like:Unique characters and customizable decks that can suit your playstyleHas quite a good pool of characters and cards to collect and try outSimple and cute artstyleDecent soundtrack that fits each character for when they complete a norma (task)Change of game speed, I like to keep it at Super FastPudding:3What I dislike:Complete andutterly disgusting RNG(can't really complain that much for a game focused on dice rolls:\)No local multiplayer (I can see why, but i really want to play with my friends who don't have the game on a big screen and punch the crap out of each other for KO-ing someone just to get their stars:3)Some cards arekindaunbalancedFinal Thoughts:Haven't gotten into the online community of this game, I'm more of a single-player guy and I have yet to even playthrough half of the campaign, but for the time I've spent playing this (only 3.5 hrs as of this review:\) this game is really fun and is worth playing if you're into random board gamesI give this game a good7.5/10Sure it isn't perfect, but I think that it's a charming little game that's worth picking upThis game gets the...[SEAL OF PIZZA d( ^▽^)b](because pizza is awesome)"
,Recommended,282800,16375996,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DPR LIVE,Like Mario Party with bloodthirsty seagulls with no mercy10/10
76561198093166914,Recommended,282800,16538775,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ryuu,Great casual game to play with friends.
,Recommended,282800,16608296,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Danny boy,"Pain and suffering. Winning based on if the game likes you or nah.But, the game has a certain addiction to it. The pain is always worth it.10/10"
,Recommended,282800,17111809,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Jynx,"Orange_Juice is a company responsible for many adorable and addictive doujin game titles such as the Suguri series and QP Shooting Dangerous. Naturally, like Nintendo, that merited an attempt to shove their characters into a single game where you can simultaneously lose friends and make new ones - and God, did they do well.100% Orange Juice is a virtual board game title much like Mario Party with a similar formula, but expanding on it with an RPG-ish touch. Players roll a dice to move around the board, choosing to either collect stars or defeat enemies to meet a quota. Meeting the quota of a certain number of stars or wins allows them to level up upon reaching their base, up to five times. Once they meet the quota to fulfill the final objective, they can win by returning to a home.Of course, board games would not be without their mechanics that can apply a little too much salt to an already beautifully put together meal, and 100% Orange Juice is no different: cards and titles with different effects along with special field events can make many a player scream and tear their hair out. (I'm looking at you, Yuki.)Players can use these to their advantage while battling each other in dice rolls that go in the order of attacker rolling for damage, defender either defending or evading, and then repeating a second time should the defender survive to fight back.Each character, as fore mentioned, are pulled from their respective game, along with a few new faces. Unique to each and every one is their ""Hyper"" card, with their respective effects to aid certain playstyles: ether fighting or star-collecting or those in-between, encouraging everyone to find their favourite and master their style, or find the one who fits you and play how you like.Graphically, the game is an application of bouncing character sprites and animations; no point mincing words. Due to the nature of the game, however, it aids to the fact that it's a board game, and not meant to be flashy, but adorable and simple to understand. What there is however, is cleanly put together, very colourful, and entertaining.The music is subject to the character who last leveled up. This usually means you'll rarely have a looping soundtrack burning through your ears, and when you do, it's very good music. Most of the character's tracks are varied, typically resulting in a type of music hidden in the game to suit everyone. (I love Kae's, and Kae in general.)If you've got a little cash to spend, but dont have a clue what to buy, and you're all topped up on DLC for your favourite games, consider 100% Orange Juice; it's adorable, cheap, and you'll most likely get multiple hours of fun from playing with friends or just kicking the multiple asses of the computer players.Part fun, part challenging, all 100% Orange Juice."
76561198157854672,Recommended,282800,17417183,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ブラン「Blanny」,SAKI MUST ALWAYS WIN. SAKI FOR THE WIN BABY!
,Recommended,282800,12019388,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,☆Dan,♥♥♥♥♥♥by a seagul. Many times. 10/10 would kill a friend over
,Recommended,282800,12528624,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Bunny Bitch,SO AANY ♥♥♥♥GIGNGG GIRLRLSS WHO ARREERFUICKING SO KAWAII I CAN JSUT EAT THEM UP AND SPIN DICE ON THEIR SWEETTFU ♥♥♥♥CING ♥♥♥♥♥♥S
76561198057427852,Recommended,282800,12533319,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Hot Dgo,Very high in vitamin C!
,Recommended,282800,12589404,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Angelic Buster,"A painful game where the CPUs always roll 6 and you're hitting 1. 10/10, would recommend to a friend!"
76561198043873237,Recommended,282800,12660385,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Swerve Starbreak,"Despite the fact that this game is almost all about luck and RNG, it is very hard for me to dislike this game. In fact, I really do like it! The characters are cute, the story is humorous and tongue in cheek, the gameplay is simple but fun, it's basically a standard tabletop board game with adorable anime characters. Even with the collectible card aspect I can definitely imagine this game being easily recreated in real life. I will admit that the final boss is likely cheating on her rolls, and the RNG will likely mess you up when you need it to help the most, but I've had a bizzare amount of luck with this game.What amounts to ""strategy"" in this game is only choosing which cards to put in the deck, what directions to take, when to use cards, whether to fight the other players or not, and whether to defend or evade. Regardless, it works, it's pretty fun.The characters are also quite cute and endearing. As far as I know they're all from games of the Bullet Hell genre. So far, the only character whose game has a Steam release is Suguri, but it appears that QP will be getting a game soon as well.Multiplayer has a ""drop in drop out"" system which works well for the game type, but it works rather well. Even if a player wants to use the overpowered final boss character, she is toned down for the multiplayer mode....I feel like there's more I should say, but I really can't think of much else. If you like basic board games where you move via dice, you'll likely have fun with this."
,Recommended,282800,12749517,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Thelastreturn,"100% Orange Juice is a cute mix between a boardgame and a card game. The gameplay itself is really easy to get into, but it has more depth then it seems at first glance. Though many aspects of the game rely heavely on luck, there's also a big strategic side. The only thing this game misses is the local multiplayer, which in my opinion would suit this game really well.Pro's:-Relaxing atmosphere-Cute graphics-Challenging gameplay-Funny dialoguesCon's:-Campaign really hard to beat (even on easy)-Limited amount of enemies-No local multiplayerConclusion:Certainly worth it's money if you like casual board games."
76561198044855407,Recommended,282800,12831505,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,The Space Pope,"At first I was frustrated when some incredibly ridiculous rolls screwed me over. Still, I guess I am a masochist because it is kind of addicting. It's good to know that everyone gets ***ked the same."
76561198042287075,Recommended,282800,12865225,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,mishe,I have never been more mad at a game in my life.
,Recommended,282800,13029919,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Airking,10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,282800,13031974,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Multiskin,"Delicious puddingNice game to play with friendsDont give them pudding, they will steal it from you10/10 QP is mai waifu"
,Recommended,282800,13035391,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,RandomClown,"100% Orange Juice is 100% chance. Whether its by getting killed right after collecting enough stars to win, or stepping on a boss panel & dieing 5 times in a row, something will troll you.These aspects will make for fun rounds with friends.Sound asset seems to be kinda repetative, especially if you hit speed up [Shift + Ctrl], so I recommend lowering the voice & effect volume a lot.Tip:Unless your masochistic,don't play single playerwith the character markedas expert.41 first casual campain matches lost [13 hours]. 42nd try I finally won. Not kidding. That mode seems to be weighting the dice rolls to make you lose, rather than just having a character thats hard to deal with."
,Recommended,282800,16092787,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Riko Sakurauchi,"100% Salty100% RNG100% RNG SimulatorSuguri the Evade QueenIf you're an RNG virgin and want to experience something authentic, 100% OJ is the game for you! Experience the rage of never reaching Home to complete your first norma to losing big against a seagull to getting rekt by someone with 1hp cause they got a better roll.If you're looking for a new RNG experience after playing RNG games such as PAYDAY 2, 100% OJ is for you too!"
76561198118696763,Recommended,282800,16458117,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,💤Cap'n Big Butt💤,Though the game can get repetitive its still a little fun to go back to every now and then.
,Recommended,282800,16464005,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kaptain K. Rool,"Tis a grand board game based entirely on luck and ye can play as a chicken. Ye collect cards which ye use ta' help build a deck which evaryones cards be drawn from, evaryone puts in some cardsIf'n ye get this here game, jus' rememba' that th' RNG be controls yer fate"
76561198042299455,Recommended,282800,16574015,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Suzuran,"In reality I hate orange juice, especially with pulp. This board game however? Very nice.The gameplay is easy to grasp and if you actually read the guide (which I didn't do at first) you pick up on the remaining details that you may have missed. The graphics are cute, and the tunes are very nice too. At it's core is the luck based dice rolling, though you can better influence the board with cards. There's an in-game card collection feature, which lets you get more cards to more consistantly rig your luck/ruin other people's days. But even when you're rolling 2 dice to move, dodge, attack... etc you can still roll just right to ruin/delay your win. And then again next turn.There's a wide variety of characters to play with, you wont be limited to just playing the one you pick at the beginning in mutliplayer (not sure how the difficulty described with those four actually relates though). You can unlock more cute (and fun characters) just by playing the campaign AND/OR you can buy through DLC. I'm fond of the fact that DLC characters aren't automatically far better than any standard characters. Regardless of DLC or not, sometimes map events will make winning with a character maybe a little harder than you'd expect (Aru and a map with Charity for example)."
,Recommended,282800,16895364,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,moshi moshi.,game seperti monopoli tapi khas jepuunnamanya juga genre platform :(kalau mau main game ini mending gameplaynya di super fast biar gak kelamaan nunggu( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198036591606,Recommended,282800,16744522,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Snip-pi ♡,"Dear God, someone send help. This game has crushed me, I just want my norma.I love it."
76561198117290535,Recommended,282800,16769794,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,moko,"this game will bring out the worst in people, and show sides of both friends and yourself that you never thought you would see.once you fall in, you cannot get back out.play at your own risk."
76561198104076941,Recommended,282800,16921716,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Inflatable Bunny,"This game is one of the most fun, yet casual games that I have played in a long time. I got it on sale, but I would say it is worth the full price.This game is an awesome board game guaranteed to have you trying to strangle your friends. It's one of those games where you can walk away with the highest stats and still be the loser. Instead of being frustrating though, it adds an extra rush to the game. It's not just about racking up the stars or killing the highest amount of enemies, it's about doing all that while still getting to the finish line first!The only con that I see with this game is that there is no real explanation as to what the heck is going on. I had to look up the wiki for it just to understand what all the information on the character cards meant. Still, I ended up learning how to better play the game by playing it on multiplayer. It was random strangers that helped me up my game to the point that I started racking up wins as well. Any game that can bring strangers together like that gets a pass in my book!"
,Recommended,282800,17053107,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,♥ Анастасия ♥,"You may love orange juice, but the question is...does it love you back? Does its sweet quenching taste sustain your daily need of Vitamin RNG, or did you forget that you brushed your teeth just two minutes ago?The real question is...would you take the chance?"
,Recommended,282800,15914436,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,jc helmet,i want to die
