user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,282900,14304310,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"I'm not sure what prompted me to get HNR;B1. Yes I play Japanese videogames, yes I watch a little Annie May, and hell I even listen to Hatsune Miku. However, I'll be deep-fried in damnation before I tolerate uguu moeblobs crying over baka oniichan and the lack of senpai-noticing. That's not what this game is about though. The art might give you that impression, and there is some fan-service, but I dare say the best qualities about HN are the characters and writing.HN is broken up into 8 chapters. Typically there's plot, then shopping, more dialogue, random people handing you ""plans"", dungeons (both forced & optional), and then more plot. It's a standard setup and if you know what you're doing and/or skipping dialogue this game can be quite short. I wouldn't recommend it though, because the actual game portions aren't the greatest. From what I've read, this edition of HN is a massive improvement over the original in terms of exploration and combat. This must mean the first version was really dire.Getting around is handled via a map-screen, with dungeons representing the only ""on-foot"" portions. While the dungeons include various niceties like no random encounters, the lay-outs tend to repeat quite often. We're talking the exact same lay-out, and the enemies that populate them tend to be the same creatures you already fought, except stronger. There's no other way to say it, the dungeons in this game are weak. At least they're short, and they aren't bogged down by elevators, lots of stairs, and mind-numbing puzzles.The combat fares a bit better. It's turn-based and over-time you develop combos. There are three types: rush for building EXE meter (super moves), power for straight damage, and break for taking down shields. There are a variety of other skills like healing, buffs, and so on. The roster of playable characters eventually blossoms to over a dozen as well. It sounds like a lot to take in, but for the most part this is not a difficult RPG. There's very little strategy aside from ""use a lot of super moves"" and the ever-important ""heal when you're low on HP"". If you're getting slapped to heck and back, it's probably because your level isn't high enough. Late-game grinding isn't really a hassle either. A lot of optional super-enemies drop enough exp to level multiple times in a single battle. I suppose the level of difficulty can vary greatly, depending on how much leveling you do. Some players might find more entertainment in avoiding optional fights, so that every regular encounter is hard-fought. Eventually though you're going to become OP, you can't resist it.Most of the grind in this game is in finding all of the materials. Those plans I mentioned earlier add things to the game. New equipment, new abilities, more dungeons, and so on. They require materials stripped from the cold dead flesh of the monsters that you kill. This is best tackled with a guide. The in-game ""Nepedia"" is nice, but it pales in comparison to a guide from good ol' gamefaqs and the always handy CTRL-F.Materials (along with corpses) can also be turned in for quest rewards (if applicable). Quests are interesting in that completing them can raise & lower shares. The gals of HN are always talking about shares and their importance in the console war. This never really becomes a factor until 1) the ending and 2) the acquisition of hidden characters. It's something to keep in mind. I guess I should mention that aside from the ridiculous ""millionaire"" achievement, HNR;B1 isn't bad if you're a completionist. Doing everything (aside from some DLC) in the game took me less than 30 hours. I have played through the Vita game as well. That first play-through took about 30-35. If you don't skip cut-scenes, the length is more than reasonable.Notice the lack of character discussion in this review. Yeah, I'm not going to spoil the best aspect of the game. The cast of Neptunia is great, and the voice-acting (both ENG & JPN) is very well-done. I mean okay yeah, it's cute girls, some of whom transform into something exceptionally form-fitting, but the dialogue is rarely dull. Aside from a couple (expected) interactions, the cast doesn't get too hung up on the standard Annie May tropes either. Call me shallow, but I also got a kick out of all of the videogame references.The most amusing one to me is Neptunia herself. The other goddesses are Leanbox, Lastation, and Lowee. Since the plot of this game involves a console war, you can guess what those names refer to. So what's the deal with Neptunia? Back in the mid 90s, Sega was planning a console that combined the Genesis & the 32X. It was called Neptune. Honestly, I can't think of a better system that represents Nep-Nep, she is quite a random character.So yeah, I recommend HNR;B1. As far as J-RPGs go it's not particularly great, but it has so much charm I can overlook its faults. Also, it's appropriately-paced and the port isn't too bad (although I had to switch to XP compatibility due to constant after-battle crashes). Don't write this game off simply because you visited the community hub and saw a few questionable images.If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:Follow Original Curator Group"
,Recommended,282900,32233409,Posted: 6 June,all,Corey,*Mom walks in* Looks at monitor *Mom walks out*
,Recommended,282900,20801206,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,SUPER SCARY Pinicio,"tl;dr: An extremely basic and grindy RPG with cute characters, funny dialogue, impressive English dub, and a pretty depth lore. Give this one a go if you're very patient and have a few days to burn.Gameplay: The Gameplay is a turn-based system where you and your enemies take turns beating each other up and magical or physical attacks, sometimes both at the same time. The higher your combo, the more abilities you can use. There's a shop in every city that's indentical (The shop that is) and sells gear for your Party Members. There's also plans, which are basically upgrades you can get which will change the game or different characters, but you need materials for said plans. To get plans you have to visit through dungeons and collect loot, kill enemies, and explore. There's roughly 7 or so dungeons that are all very different, but they get copy-pasted for roughly 40 or something dungeons. Same with enemies, so it can get repetitive very quickly. Some Dungeons such as the Snow-related ones are also too big and don't have enough enemies. Plus, lots of treasure can go un-noticed due to the painful amounts of white everywhere.Characters: The characters in Neptunia are so good and likeable that there's even fans who pretend to be them, kinda odd, but kinda charming in it's own unique way. The Characters themselves are also charming, it's very silly with dialogue. You don't get to pick who you send out to talk, or the words which they say. Instead you're pretty much just watching them talk to each other, sometimes with voice to go along, other times just text. To move on to the next text box, you need to press Enter on your Keyboard. I found myself pressing Space by accident and ended up skipping tons of important dialogue, the skip is just so fast that it literally skips all of it within just 2 seconds. Kinda annoying, but it's a habbit that you can break easily.Dungeons: The Dungeons are the classic turn-based RPG game, they look really pretty and large, but only a small portion is where you can play. Enemies are randomly strewn about in the dungeon, who will sometimes follow you and attempt to take you down, or you can sneak up on them and get the first-turn of combat, which is very useful against those stronger boss-like enemies. As I noted earlier, the dungeons are very limited and are copy-pasted a ton throughout the game, same with the enemies who are just retextured with different colours. The enemiy choice for some of the Dungeons make no sense. Like, a flower in a dystopia Tron-setting.Enemy Design and Item Design:Something which immediately freaked the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me was the enemy models. THEY ARE ODD! A giant walking Flower with an angry face, a man who is part-plane, a weird flying face that shoots out steam. Pretty bizarre stuff, but it also sort of gives the game it's own style and charm. The kind of charm where a Game-Show Host shows you different Enemies from different games and asks you which one is which. You see a Part-Man, Part-Plane and immediately you know that it's from Neptunia. The items, like weapons and costumes also look wicked cool. Classic giant Japanese weapons, can never get enough of them.I'm afraid that's really all there is to the game. It's a very simplistic game that should probably be just 10 hours long. But they manage to stretch out longer, while keeping new surprises coming towards you in terms of story and dungeons (even if those dungeons are copy-pasted, they add small changes each time)."
,Recommended,282900,14233225,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Wdog-999,"As someone who played this game to platinum three times on the Vita (thanks, stacking region trophy lists!), I find it to be the best Neptunia released in the West yet. The gameplay is simple to grasp and fun to play and the script is the best yet with quite a few funny moments, which is a huge step up from the very first game's cringe-worthy reference overdosing every few seconds. The English dub is also very good.Just one note: the cutscene portraits weren't scaled up, which is quite noticeable during cutscenes, particularly against the much crisper backgrounds. It's not a dealbreaker, but it may bother some people."
,Recommended,282900,14272550,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Armis,Hyperdimension Neptune!-The best game with anime characters in steamif you are a fan of J-RPG with battles in turn and anime girls. That game is highly recommended for you!- Simple gameplay and addictive;- Very good battle sytem;- Powerful anime appeal;- Vibrant soundtrack;- Many references the world of consoles and animes.Don't waste your time. Buy this game now!
,Recommended,282900,14863373,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Roufas,"Let's start with a note: Neptunia saga is not for all, that's a fact.As far as you can try if you don't like these ""breaking the fourth wall"", other games references and the fact the characters (at least the main ones) are girls you are not going to enjoy it.Now let's talk about the game:HDNRB1 is not just a remake of HDN, infact much is changed between story and mechanics.The game is a quite hard JRPG, at least at the begin, sadly later you will probably going to spam these EXE (super like moves) destroying everything in your path but still the game gives out quite a challenge.There's not actuall grinding like other JRPGs but still you can't go around ignoring enemies or you'll be in trouble against these End chapter bosses.Graphically the game is not that bad but not everyone like the ""anime style"".Musics are good even if not that many.Dungeons are... well there's many dungeons but not many types, you will find yourself unlocking many dungeons sure but in the same times many of them are just the same one with some differences and nothing more, same for the enemies, so be aware, if you want to see differences at every corner you are not going to like it.As port is not perfect but still this is the very first port made by IFI and, in my opinion, they made a good job in the end.Should you buy it then? Yes, you should.Still, like i've said at the begin, this game is not for everyone but who knows, you may find yourself having more fun than you think."
76561198024577620,Recommended,282900,15164199,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,StuG mk.47,"What you should look for in this game:Cute girls doing cute stuffGRINDINGFun RPG combat systemSilly storyMeta-punsWhat you should not look for in this game:Serious charactersSerious issuesStory-branches(there is no real branch, only 2 different endings and a part where you choose the order to do some stuff)"
,Recommended,282900,17688012,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Lighthearted & self-aware // Recommended for JRPG gamers*A controller/gamepad is highly recommended for this title+ Dialogue is rife with self-aware humor and myriad cheeky references+ Gameplay is solid and straightforward+ Can create battle advantages by sneaking up on and hitting enemies first; pre-emptive strikes can pay dividends+ 'Order of Action' bar helps to plan turns in advance; injects a bit of strategy into the gameplay+ Multiple endings offer a fair amount of replay incentive+ Voice-acting, both English and Japanese, is competent and well-implemented (there are some issues with mouth syncronization, however)+ Detailed character models and applaudable attack animations+ Excellent soundtrack; fits the game like a glove and is often quite catchy+ Character customization is a refined facet of the game, and this offers many opportunities in regards to character performances in battle+ Offers a plethora of items and gear that does wonders to allow the player freedom of choice in combat- Visuals are underwhelming to say the least; textures, in particular, seem overly dated, likely as a result of the game being a port from the PS Vita- Camera is a bit restrictive and often feels clunky, particularly when traversing dungeons- Battles quickly become very reptitive; the player soon falls into a routine, following a formula that takes one down the path of least resistance- Quite a bit of grinding required at certain points in the narrativeLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,282900,19901259,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,qazdg,If you angle the camera correctly and jump with some of the characters their skirts will go up and you can see their panties.
,Recommended,282900,14233242,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,[DDST] Rasp,"Certainly one of the better Hyperdimension games this series has great potential it still hasn't quite lived up to... still as is - a great JRPG Experience. This first installment feels... shorter than the game its remaking but that may have less to do with the game and my own experence with Victory knowing exactly what to do...As a remake it takes the entire combat system from the first game and chucks it in a bin, replacing it with the more enjoyable combat system seen in later installements.For those not familiar the combat system usually involves a party of three(Four in later games) being placed inside a circular area - characters are able to move freely and you're encouraged to keep them spaced apart as enemies can and will hit multiple targets cluster together - and you're free to do the same. A usual array of special attacks, skills and ultimates are there to fill the standard kit - however your normal attacks are broken up into ""Combos"" which can be fiddled with and swapped around to your liking.Neptunia also keeps its notable game references and forth wall breaking humor. I personally enjoy the campness of the story and chracters, its what kept me with the franchise so far. Its lighthearded tone and utter refusal to take itself - or indeed anything else seriously is closer to a breath of freash air than most of the dower affairs I've seen on the release list lately.Take it as a bit of unchallening junk food - like the JRPG equivelent of Dynasty Warriors.-Port Report-The ports is.... okay? I supposeIts a Vita Port so its not the least bit demanding - The astetic carries it fineResolution Caps at 1600x900? Er.... okay - its not 1920x1080 but I'll take it.Locked at 60FPS - (some cutscenes are at 30?)It is a turn based game so maybe that doesn't matter so much?Rebindable Keys and Gamepad Support! YES!Doesn't use the buttons its dispaying - you should play around with the settings - but it plays fine with a gamepad.Mouse Control in the Menus! YES!I'd say B+ on the port? Cerainly seen worse handheld ports"
76561198160868511,Recommended,282900,32567766,Posted: 19 June,all,Strayed Lynx,A great JRPG with an relatively laid back story and a playable character cast made up entirely of waifus...10/10.
76561198076329261,Recommended,282900,14330699,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Hooves,"Pros:Improvements to the combat system compared to the original NeptuniaNot an in-depth story, but a fun and enjoyable experienceCustomization to character appearances (not for all characters)Great comedy, even if you don't understand all the referencesTons of replayabilityNot as fanservicy as you would thinkLovable charactersNice animations (despite some being rehased from previous games)Meh:Grind for materials is real, especially when you're going into DLC territoryDifficulty curve is very random. It's either too hard, or too easyYou'll either need a list/guide/site for the materials. Unless you're a super-computer that can remember all 100+ items and where they drop.Cons:First PC port by Idea Factory, understandable for problems to arise. Community has pretty much picked up on all the fixes almost. Idea Factory mends this problem pretty quickly as well, which is commendableChapter requirements for optional dungeons for the Add Enemies plans.Very tedious to navigate the store/plans when you have more plans unlockedVita controls displayed. Once again, first PC port, but you'll have to memorize what you hotkeyedWould I recommend this game? You bet I would if you're into JRPGs. There's plenty of fixes for your systems from the community around. Just need to do a little search for them, if there's none. Feel free to always post about it for Idea Factory to potentially check out with future ports."
76561198069071164,Recommended,282900,32819470,Posted: 26 June,all,sergio.bobillier,"Despite the reviews of the game being Overwhelmingly Positive many criticise the game. The game is of course not without fault but, you have to understand that, this game's target audience is a very specific niche, meaning, if you are not part of that niche chances are you won't like the game. Because the game doesn't stand out for its story, its soundtrack or its gameplay. That being said, I will tell you what I like about the game so that you can decide if you are part of the target audience or not.It's a turn-based JRPG.Art: The game's anime-like art is gorgeous, all the characters (the important ones) are very well designed. If you like anime style characters this game won't disappoint you.Entire Female Cast: There are less than 10 males in the entire game, the rest are all female, including ALL playable characters.Japanese voices: The game is fully voice acted, if you like you can set the voices to english, but you can also hear the original japanese voices while reading the english text.Game-inspired: The game's story takes place in Gamindustri, as it's name suggest is a world inspired in games, there are references to other games all over the place, there are refeences to anime and Japan's pop culture as well. Each of the main characters represents a video-game console.Tech references: There are many tech references, for example, when the girls fight a gauge called EXE drive is filled, when the gauge is full the girls can use a special skill called EXE Drive, their special transformations are called Hard Drive Divinity, when they are infected with a virus they can no longer access that special ability. The name of many of the characters come from techy-things, for example IF, Rom and Ram.Transformations: The girls transform into a more powerful version of themselves when they use their HDD (Hard Drive Divinity), kind of mahou shoujo style.Flashy skills: The girls have a set of special abilities each one complete with its own animation, these animations are flashy with a lot of special effects and spectacular camera angles, while the girls shout the name of the technique they are currently using, you know, very anime-style.Appearance customization: The game gives you the option to customize how the girls look both in their normal form and when they are in HDD mode. There are a set of outfits and hair accessories for each one, many of them have references to other games or anime characters.Yuri: Well, all characters being female, you cannot help it. There are some skills which you can only use when the girls like each other."
,Recommended,282900,16988614,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,wany1981,My Nep Nep checklist:All DLC brought and installed...All character level 999...All Achievement completed...All Coliseum battle won...All Item crafted...All EX Move from all character watched...All Nepedia monster database completed... (no more ???)Hmm it seems I am finnaly Done with this game.All jokes aside.I really didn't think Neping would be so addictive.Think back about this game.The graphic would be 9.5/10 for cartoon type.The Jokes of this game made me taken many screen shoots and spit coffee at my screen twice.The sound is repetive but after so many hours played it didn't feel repetitive.The Achievements was really easy to get and the only one that's hard is to get 100 Million gold.About 1/8 of the dialoge of this game have pretty good voice acting although i wish it would be completly voiced.There is only about 1 fighting animation at the beginning of the game. The rest of the game is just cartoon and dialoge.On surface this game seems to be a basic JRPG that feature girls that sell skin and make a simple/pedictable adventure.And i fully understand several video game site only rate this game 60/100.But somehow behind all that silliness of the game there is a successful Nep that everyone would love.A lot people would say this game is too cute for them but please give it a try. This game really made Cute into something nice and fun.9/10
,Recommended,282900,14386938,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,🎃★❄©[🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴]®HunterSLAYER!™🎃★❄,"NEP-NEP and her gang of boobie sisters arrive on Steam for the first time ever on PC!Pros1080P,60 FPS as compared to its console versionsYou can activate/install DLCs to tweak the difficulty of the game as and whenever neededController + Keyboard support(for those who really can't get used to controllers)User friendly interface and controlsGreat battle system and amazing soundtrackConsole and gaming references plastered all over the gameConsLack of sleep due to staying up overnight playing the game, trying to find out the next boobie lady Neptune has to face nextBoobs may distract the player from focusing on the gameToo many kawaii girls and boob physicsEnglish voice dub is ridiculously funnyVita/console controls are displayed on-screen instead of pc configured ones.Black screen during video cutscenes when broadcasting using Steam broadcast featureCompa might squeeze you to death with her wonderful bandaging skills10/10 would Nep-Nep my way to Planeptune again :D"
,Recommended,282900,14426786,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mechanism Y,"Hmmmm. Not sure how to review this. Do I review it as a PC port? Or a series I've never played before? Or as a guy who's a big fan of Disgaea and other games like this on the PS3 and generally a bit of a weeb?Yeah, so instead I'm just gonna write about the stuff I like about Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 and was less keen on. Not all of the features of the game are in here, and the technical stuff like the porting and whatnot is almost certainly in more detail in other reviews. These are just my opinions.Things I like:-Good looking on PC-60fps-More polished gameplay than previous installments-The turn based style and combo system works well and keeps you involved-Grinding feels less of a slog than similar JRPGS I've played, with the quest system giving more reason and reward for it-Lily system can create good character combos and adds to the game quite well-Plan system is pretty nice-Great artwork-Excellent animation-Love the music (even the song on the title screen is catchy)-A decent roster of likeable characters, especially Nep.-Pretty damn funny, with a lot of densely packed humor and references-Fourth wall? What fourth wall?-Cool enemy types, from giant robots and dragons to Otakus, Mario pipes and visual novel screens-Iris Heart :)Things I don't like so much:-The game has a bad habit of occaisionally dropping steep difficulty curves on you with little warning-Less awkward or not, grind IS necessary-No real ability to see what areas or enemies outlevel you until you've dived in-I kinda wish there was an ability to click on an enemy and see their stats, moves and abilities like in Disgaea-The 4-way movement feels a little strange in 3d at first-KO'd party members don't get XP, which can leave some characters (healers like Compa especially) as cannon fodder if they get downed too much-No NISA :(Also wanna add that what with HNRB;1 being Idea Factory's first PC port, the game has had issues with other players, including crashes and the like (I've been fine, but others have had issues). However, the devs have been listening to peoples problems and have been working pretty hard on patching the problems, and there's been a lot of support from the community on it too.In addition, the DLCs are pretty well priced in my opinion, without being game breaking but still adding to gameplay. In addition, the promotional offer when the game came out was a great deal and shows that these guys have the right attitude when it comes to bringing their game to a new market and new customers.Generally, Idea Factory have been pretty cool with the community here on Steam and have been doing their best to earn new fans and treat them with respect. Hopefully their example could even persuade other similar devs like NIS to set up on here, but I digress.Basically, I like the game a lot. It's funny, cute, pretty decent and I really hope to see more of it on Steam."
,Recommended,282900,14396937,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,risbolla,i'm sorry mom and dad
,Recommended,282900,14259463,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,I_Yuudachi_I,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth1Story it's game console wars by 4 goddess (SEGA,PS3,Wii,XBOX)+In game so many character and many temperament+Good story+All character and voice japanese very cute+RPG nice farm exp item and doing many quest in console world+You can set freedom skill , party , lilly rank+Nice Graphic and low spec+I never play boring because I love Neptune lolRate 9.9/10เป็นเกมส์สงครามคอนโซล ระหว่างเทพธิดาทั้ง4 (SEGA,PS3,Wii,XBOX)+ในเกมส์มีตัวละครหลากหลาย หลายนิสัย หลายลักษณะต่างกันสุดขั้ว+ถือว่าทำเนื้อเรื่องออกมาได้น่าติดตาม+เสียงพากย์ญี่ปุ่นถือว่าทำออกมาได้น่ารักดี+แนว RPG เก็บเวล ไอเท็ม และมีเควสหลากหลายให้ทำ+สามารถเซ็ตสกิล เซ็ตปารตี้ได้อย่างอิสระ+ภาพทำออกมาได้สวย และกินสเป็คน้อย+เล่นไม่มีทางเบื่อหรอก อวยเนปจูนมากๆ :pให้คะแนน 9.9/10"
76561197989929624,Recommended,282900,14257515,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ChrisPilote,Nep-Nep : CheckPantsu : CheckWife thinking I'm a perv : CheckWORTH IT!
,Recommended,282900,15261893,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Groen90,"It's a basicturn-basedboobs-based JRPG.All female cast and a lot of fanservice and references to the videogame industry in general.Get it if you like games, anime stuff and girls flirting with each other."
,Recommended,282900,14234309,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,sev X one,"Here is some information about this port.Pros:- Good Keyboard controls with fully rebindable keys.- Mouse works in menus.- Rebindable Controler keys.- Good sound options, has every slider you need.- English AND Japanese voices included.- Fullscreen on or off, sacles to whatever your desktop resolution is set to.- 60 FPS.Cons:- No 1920x1080 resolution option FOR Window Mode, only goes up to 1680x1050.- No option to hide the mouse cursor if you are playing with controler.Overall it's a very good port and i would recommend it!"
,Recommended,282900,22887296,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,3RDplayer,"Yes, yes, we know all the jokes ""you lose your life, your friends, you become a loner, a weirdo, a pervert, a phedophile"" blablabla. Those ""reviews"" are hardly a review. So let me give you my subjective unbiased and totally unfunny review of HyperD Nep Rebirth1. It's a JRPG through and through. What kept me interested and playing was the gameplay. Believe it or not.What are you doing in this game? You play as teenager girls having an adventure by visiting dungeons, fighting monsters while they break the 4th wall more than enuff to make fun of popculture and videogames. The game follows a simple pattern: Follow the story as visual novel, go to dungeon, fight monsters, beat a boss, continue following the story as visual novel. Repeat. What spices it up is the sheer amount of items, dungeons, monsters to craft, visit and customize. You constantly meet new interesting characters with their own style of combat, abilities, items and weapons that will join your party and help out in combat.Combat seems not very interesting at first, but the more you play, the more you progress, the more diverse characters join your party and the more weapons and items you create, the more combat opens up to you and makes you realise how complex it actually is. I couldt explain it here in a very long wall of text, but I suppose finding out yourself is what makes it fun. As a quick summary, let me just tell you that you will meet a ton of characters for your party, each with their own style of combat, skills, strengths and weaknesses. The game allows you to have 3 members in the front and 3 more in the back as well as giving you free reign over which characters you want to pair, which abilities you want them to use and more. This leads to countless combinations that will keep combat fresh and exciting.Combat too got its downsides. Status Ailments (poison, paralyze, etc) hardly get applied, element types (fire, thunder, ice, etc.) don't really make much of a difference and sooner or later you will find equipment that simply ignores guardpoints and deals heavy damage to HP anyway. (Keep in mind I haven't played the additional content that increases level cap to 999 and adds super enemies to dungeons etc. yet. If the downsides dissappear because of that I will update the review accordingly)Is this game grindy? Yes and No. Level Progression is fast and returning to previously visited dungeons isn't boring since you will be able to alter the monsters/items in each of the dungeons separately. You will find lots of new Plans for new Items  to craft constantly that makes you want to return to dungeons. You maybe reach a point in the story where you have to fight a boss that gives you a bit of a hard time, but you don't need to level up much to be able to make the odds even unlike other JRPGs.Who should buy this game? If you don't mind slight but not too extrem grinding, its for you. If you like an interesting and entertaining story with many diverse and distinct characters, its for you. If you like videogames and popculture then its for you! If you like anime? Yeah its for you! If you don't like anime but a deep and interesting comabt system, give it a try!"
,Recommended,282900,21394365,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Vladimir Poontang,"In short:This is a very closed world JRPG style game which features a cast of cutesy girls whobeat up monsters minding their own business to harvest XPsave their world? It’s very reference heavy and joke heavy in a large part thanks to Meme Overlord Nep. You’ll feel like a massive weeaboo and lose respect of friends and/or family but at least you’ll have fun doing it. Pick up the game if it’s on sale, it’s worth it even if to just try the style and the franchise. I will say though I have started mk2 and its combat is the same and fairly repetitive.So where do I start with the Neptunia? It's an amusing game, that's for sure and to sum it up it's more or less references to other games the game. For starters place names are named after consoles or based off places in other games. Monsters exist that look like the enemies in space invaders or like Kyubey from the Madoka Magica anime. Items have names from the final fantasy games. Throughout dialogue there are vague references (vague for copyright reasons I would assume) to consoles, people involved with games, websites, anime, manga and I doubt anyone would pick up on all of them, it's actually pretty good. I've been told that the later games actually get a more references, memes and typical game tropes thrown into them and that is amazing.PositivesInteresting and likely to get a giggle now and again.Cute and quirky “animu grills” doing “cute things” If that’s your style and you’re down for that.Did I mention the insane amount of references and jokes the game makes relating all sorts of “geeky” things?I feel like the word Nep could be used like the word Smurf was and that relacing any verb with the word Nep will make it an innuendo. (Just me? Okay.)English dub is actually very, very good.Nep-Nep sings the Final Fantasy victory fanfare on levelling up sometimes and it’s amusing.Nep is bit of goof balland MEME OVERLORDmaking for a funny experience.Good sense of humour.NegativesIt is a huge grind from start to finish it feels. After the first half of the game you really get tired of the grinding and need up put it down.There are ways to speed up the grind to your desired speed however, I won’t mention it here; I’ll leave that up to you to look into.Cringe factor is a thing. Rarely something gets said and you just go “ohhhfff yeah, no”Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥do I feel like a massive weeaboo playing this game sometimes.Your friends will deffinantly think you’re a massive weeaboo for owning it.It’s difficult at times unless you have the DLC. In which case sadistic Plutia will wreck everyone.Loss of all self-respect(see top for short/ final conclusion)"
,Recommended,282900,32247541,Posted: 7 June,all,Icypea,"This game is not your average JRPG.Most of it is an JRPG but the story is represented in VN fashion. It has some difficulty spikes but with a little grinnding it's nothing special. The post-game , or should i say NG+ , is where you really put most of your time, getting all of the achievements. Oh, and the story in this one is not canon so don't worry about it's connection with the other games.Nepu/10"
,Recommended,282900,14292039,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,NEKO JANNU,-Promised myself I will not spend money on single player game ever again.-Saw kawaii girls.-Saw the overwhelming plot.-Saw realistic plot physics.-Had a sudden blackout.-Woke up 3 minutes later.-Noticed my wallet had committed seppuku.-Saw a new game has been added to my steam library.-Oh god....-What have I done?-Had a moment of guilt.-Saw kawaii girls smiling at me.-The feeling of guilt disappeared.-.....I'm sorry mum.oo/oo would force my wallet to commit seppuku again and KA-KAWAII DESU!!
76561198028986496,Recommended,282900,14293001,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Father Nigel,"One of the easiest enemies is the ""Super Otaku""Game repeatedly insults its playerbase.paid 50c for a DLC for a girl that surprisingly transforms into a dominatrix and breaks the game.11/10"
,Recommended,282900,26922000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AbruptDemise,"If you want to get into Neptunia, this is the place to start. Using the combat system from Victory, this game introduces you to the bright and bubbly world of Gamindustri, where your new waifu awaits. Don't try to go back and play the original PS3 games, the Re;Birth series was meant to update and improve upon them for newcomers - while still having enough worthwhile additions for series veterans."
,Recommended,282900,25630591,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,primedanny,Wasted years of life on this.
,Recommended,282900,24723748,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,fizzi,If you want to cheer up then play this game. you'll find the most energetic and playful protagonist along with her friends who'll make your day better any day :)
,Recommended,282900,21013545,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sample,you can minimize it fast so you can try to don't disapoint your momnep/nep
,Recommended,282900,14277906,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,LS* | Headpat,"Nep-Nep on PC.Not much else to say.Solid RPG experience with a unique type of combat experience.Still has the basics of a good RPG, and in this one you can actually swap around attacks, add partners to your current party members, and change their clothing [because who doesn't want to dress up their waifu or whatever].At the release price, this is totally worth it for 50% off, including the DLC packs.First Impressions Verdict: Solid 8.5/10 RPG. Geddit, son."
,Recommended,282900,15255101,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Didymuss,"OverallAn absolutely brilliant game. I bought this on Steam release because it looked entertaining for the ~£12 it was on sale for at the time of pre-purchase, and have not regretted a single moment of it.Is it the best game ever made? Nah, not at all. We all know that is Valkyrie Profile: Lenneth and it always will be.But is it a fun, enjoyable game? Definitely, easily one of the most fun games I've seen released on PC in a while.It is a game made for people who have enjoyed games for some time (a wide array of games, really), and also those who enjoy Japanese culture, like anime and manga, and pokes alot of fun at both.From here on out I shall refer to the game as ""Neptunia"" because it's alot faster to write and I am a lazy man.Neptunia isveryJRPG. If you've not played a JRPG before, you won't know what I mean, so don't let this comment worry you, just don't be expecting anything remotely western in the game, aside from the localised language, since the Japs have very much their own style of making RPGs and have many similar traits across them.Despite this, the developers have gone into the game with an air of sillyness, making a fun game without making something heavy or something trying to be more important than it is. The developers have just tried to make a fun, silly JRPG, and have succeeded in doing so.Neptunia makes light of many things from the games industry, such as how daft the very vague ""console war"" was that everyone pretty much forgot about a few years ago, as well as almost constant references to other games through quest descriptions, moves, character names and so on. Even my beloved Valkyrie Profile is referenced in one of the colluseum battles through rewards,there is a Laeventeinn sword and ""Pinch Revival""item.Port QualityIt's pretty good. My one gripe with the port is that it doesn't support any resolution past 1920*1080, which is just lazy, but this pays off in a way, since I like to stick something on to watch while I'm grinding in the background.Oh, actually, I thought of something else. The volume options are tied to save files, which is completely idiotic, and as such the game is always on max volume when you boot it up.Other than these two issues the port is great. Allowing Japanese voices is brilliant, especially when the English voice actors are trash-tier and make a mess of everyone. Honestly, the Japanese voice acting is the only option, their voice actors are a god-send.Apparently with the port some stuff like graphics have been upscaled for more high-def pantsu. As it stands I've not played Neptunia on the Vita so I can't comment on this.GameplayAll of the story elements of the game are portrayed in a Visual Novel style, that being images of each of the characters standing around talking infront of a backdrop with a textbox of what they're saying at the bottom. There is sadly only one cutscene that takes place at the start, and occasional special images shown to illustrate something important happening. Only not really since these images seem to be thrown in at random, though usually to introduce a character in some shape or form.As aforementioned, it is a JRPG, and as such you can expecting grinding. The grinding in all fairness isn't completely necessary, though it can be quite difficult to avoid. Gaining levels naturally makes things easier and there is an alchemy system which requires item drops from enemies.The battle system is surprisingly in-depth. It uses a turn based system very similar to that of Final Fantasy X, though not as refined, and you have to choose between three attacking moves that all do different things; Break destroys the enemy's armour bar, essentially a bar that, once depeted, means that the enemy will take more damage from all other attacks, Power, which is raw damage, and usually comes after breaking an enemy's guard and Rush, a weaker Power attack that adds more charge to the .EXE Drive. (I find that, once the .EXE Charge Plan has been made, rush is very much redundant and if Power makes the targeted enemy's HP go down more than the armour, it is faster to use power attacks).The .EXE Drive does two things; it can be expended to use super moves, and if there are enough levels of charge, it allows you to use Combo Finishers. The Combo finisher function in the same way as the standard combo, it is just one extra move.The major problem with the battle system is that it introduces all these concepts through help dialogue and play, but the game takesforeverto actually implement them. All the different moves are gained through levels so you get the moves at estimated points in the game, but it takes far far too  long for you to get them all, leaving the battle system feeling incomplete for about 3 hours, at least.The Alchemy SystemThis gets its own header because it is a rather large portion of the game. The alchemy, or ""Plan"" system, isn't too special, in its own right, but does essentially hold all access to all of the late game and non-storyline content. There are standard plans to make inbetween tiers of weapons and armour, all of these items during story I feel are sadly rather redundant, but they can look nice.Speaking of looking nice, there's a rather large amount of outfits to find and make, so you can dress your characters however you fancy, except nude, since the Neptunia girls are all classy ladies and dress properly, even while cosplaying.You know how I said all the end game content is held in the Plan system? Alot of the end game dungeons are missable (as of roughly chapter 6), as to get required plans for enemies for drops for future plans, one must get the dungeons as early as possible. However don't worry too much, since one can New Game+ and will more than likely need to if one wants to get everything anyway. NG+ and Google are your friends here, just be wary for spoilers if you plan on googling during playthrough 1.Everything elseIf I've not made my point yet, Neptunia is a great game with an extensive amount of post-story content. It's really very good and I've been playing it pretty much solidly for two weeks or so.Also, very mildly related, but it must suck being a younger sibling, living in your older sister's shadow. Especially when your older sister is Noire and is absolute perfection."
76561198098369995,Recommended,282900,30804313,Posted: 28 March,all,Swagamoto,I'm still in the process of convincing my friend that this is not a hentai game.
,Recommended,282900,14293761,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,shinjin2gou,"Played the first Nep on Ps3. Was hard to get into because it was slow (not 60fps) and made grinding annoying.Now on Pc with 1080p(full screen only), 60fps, fast load times, more nep nep.-Fast Performance-Well Optimized port (very minor bug issues but IF is awesome and is currently constantly fixing it)-full 1080 resolution makes this game very pretty-60fps JRPG.-Addicting Grinding and gameplay.-Insane amount of gaming references.-Good voice actor for both English and Japanese. (English option has less voices so beware)-Nep NepCurrently at $15 and worth it."
,Recommended,282900,14233597,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ALTHiR,"Port is okay, and the game was good on PS3. I recommend you to use a controller (Xbox 360, PS3 etc.) because the Keyboard+Mouse combination is horrible. They simply didn't think you would be using KB+M for this game. It's like Dark Souls is on KB+M, it ""works"" but feels stupid. However, the game is great and if you enjoyed the game on PS3 or have not yet tried it, go for it. Also, the sale price of 13,99€ (-50%) makes this game totally worth the price. 4/5."
,Recommended,282900,23875044,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mashiro Mitsumine,"Got this game in the sale...Where has this game been all my life.Nep-Nep for life.Honestly speaking, this is my first proper JRPG, and I'm loving every second of it. The combat system feels very nice to me, and the characters are just so loveable. At time of writing I have about 2 hours put into the game, and already I can see this game being one of the best experiences I've had in gaming. But hey, maybe I'm an idiot, I don't know."
76561198025301599,Recommended,282900,14255204,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"the port is great (finally 60fps), Japanese voices is much better than the English ones (both included).P.S. after a while i had to mute the game and put some Lamb of God and Blackguard songs to even out the mood :Phope more JRPGs come to steam (i'm buying as many as i can here hoping that more will come if the ones here sell well) <3."
,Recommended,282900,19361913,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Black Heart Goddess,"What do you get when you cross kawaii girls with battle scenes and great humour? This game of course! No matter who your favourite is, you are all welcome in Neptunia! :D"
,Recommended,282900,14335790,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Ecchigoya,"OMG this game is so fun and gorgeous!!Hyperdimension Neptunia Re:Birth1 a remake from the first hyperdimension neptunia.-really cool story-full of laughter-fan service :D-Super Kawaii characters-Good graphics-Interesting and new battle systemI was gonna buy this on the vita when the news came on, a PC port will be release on Steam and half a price on its first week so I was like Man!! its the first time Steam save my money, I hope more JRPG titles will come on steam."
,Recommended,282900,15013879,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,μ,"Honestly this has to be one of my favourite games, if not my all-time favourite game on Steam so far, it's addictive, the story line is brilliant, albeit cliche, it still kicks up a passion to find out what happens next. The waifus are adorable (Noire-chan for life) and there's plenty of custimasation in terms of weaponry, the combat system is very suited, though turn-based.Though, there is a lot of grinding, and it's not the kind of grinding I was hoping for :(There are plenty of good XP grinding spots to unlock starting early in the game too, and if that doesn't work, there's even a little cheat online to stop you dying/gain more XP, buy this game, worth every penny.Definite must buy. 10/10."
,Recommended,282900,32579915,Posted: 19 June,all,☢22lava44☢,*friend sees me playing this game**friend asks about game**send thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKxio8HZiNA**goes offline**gets on next day and sees friend is playing game*
76561198151705002,Recommended,282900,14799900,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,censkai,"When I originally played Hyperdimension Neptunia for the PS3, I absolutely hated it. A turn based RPG that lags trying to perform its own animations? Yeah...great product there. However, Re;Birth1 fixed many issues that I had with the original game. Better animations, better combat, less framerate drop and more options to expand gameplay that it isn't paid DLC. I actually really enjoy this game now and if you are a fan of JRPGs, clever gaming innuendos, and moe girls;  then you owe it to yourself to pick up this game."
,Recommended,282900,14279457,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Snakeboy229,"Steam is turning weeb. What a time to be alive.On a serious note, i am not sure if i like this game. The jokes are all just references (see MAGES who is literally stiens;gate). The game isn't too great but it isn't terrible either. Recommended simply because $15 here is much better than $60 on psn."
,Recommended,282900,14233350,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Black King,"RE;Birth 1 is a remake of the old version and import from the PSVita to the PC.It's definitely better than it's predecessor and therefore definitely a must buy for JRPG lovers.Enter a world with a group of Moe girls full of charm and silly banter.Don't expect too much though since they can't be compared to other gigants like FF, Disgaea, Tales of Xillia and other games."
,Recommended,282900,14443600,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Kento,I downloaded steam just to play this game.
,Recommended,282900,30295854,Posted: 3 March,all,SkyCh1ck3n,Dark Souls + Nep Nep = Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth110/10 would die again
,Recommended,282900,14259900,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ssoRD,"Since this is just a port, I'll just mention things that are to do with the port.-Only goes up to 900p (UPDATE: Durante of DSfix modding fame has made a mod which allows you to downsample or whatever from extremely high resolutions <blog dot metaclassofnil dot com/?p=689>)-Only controller controls displayed-Keyboard and Mouse controls are literally worse than Hitler-Crashes if you press A too soon after the battle victory screen pops upSo here is my guide for you making a decision: Do you have an Xbox 360/One or any other controller? If no, don't buy.Can't really play it as of now, but reccommending because everyone should experience the Neps."
,Recommended,282900,22083346,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Plutia,"In nowadays (2016), if you haven´t played any game from HDN series (WHAT?), i recommend play Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth 1, since this one is the first game of HDN series on steam, so you can have a better experience. The game style is a JRPG with turn based battle system.PROS:- Nep Nep (who´s you can ask): the main char and the very funniest (also little baka)- If you haven´t choose your waifu, this is a perferct game, with many waifusCONS:- NothingPlus: the HDN series also have a anime called Choujigen Game Neptune The Animation"
,Recommended,282900,23472080,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Gemini166,"If you're looking at a review to decide whether to buy this game, you probably like the anime aesthetic, so this review will mostly cover gameplay.The combat itself is pretty good, character movement, attack ranges, areas of effect, elemental weaknesses, knockbacks, and charging the EXE Drive allow for a decent amount of strategy if you are so inclined. Bank EXE to perform more powerful finishers to your basic attacks, or expend it to deal massive damage.You can customize your characters stats with equipment(although the game isn't very clear about which stats do what, you can probably get a general idea, though I looked at a guide to be sure), even allowing you to choose between STR or INT-based attacks on several characters. In addition to weapons, armor, and ornaments, there are also the largely cosmetic accessories and costumes, which typically provide only tiny bonuses to stats, so you can use whatever you think looks good if you so choose. There is even a customizeable equipment piece, the disc, which you can load with abilities you find the most useful.I'm a bit of a grinder, so I'll mention a bit about grinding here. The grinding is pretty tastefully executed: rather than running through the most recent area to senselessly smash monsters' faces in, I often found myself choosing areas based on monsters' item drops in order to complete Plans, which could add items to the shop, slightly change mechanics, or unlock new dungeons. These Plans also require Storage (in MB), which is mostly found in boss battles in the main storyline, or from NPCs on the map as the story progresses, which encouraged to stop grinding and get back to the story. The combination of a direction to focus my grinding energy and a factor to limit meaningless grinding I found to be a very classy method of executing grinding.The story is pretty simple; don't expect to be blown away by a new development, or to be particularly impressed in general; the game seems to focus on presenting a variety of characters and have them interact in a largely slice-of-life fashion, rather than provide a serious emotional or intellectual experience.My largest problem with the game, was it's reuse of assets; many dungeons are reused in their entirety or pieced together from similar dungeons, and creatures are reused constantly, often without so much as a retexturing. It seems their budget went more to character visuals and voice acting(the weeaboo in me quickly changed the spoken dialogue to Japanese, where I was pleasantly surprised to hear many pretty big names from anime) than environmental or creature art.Overall, it's not a bad game at all, and if you're on the fence to the extent that a review is gonna make or break it for you, I don't think you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,282900,14233519,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,holo,60fps neptuniamy life is complete
,Recommended,282900,32208910,Posted: 5 June,all,Melwen,"This game is a visual novel (without choices) plus a battle RPG.RPG part is relatively weak. Map layouts repeat themselves, secret maps are the same ones as the non-secret but with the entrance on the former exit. It actually feels silly how little effort went into this and how interesting this maps could be just reordering the assets.Enemies repeat themselves too, sometimes changing color, sometimes adding wings. One strange thing is that there are secret bosses whose models you cannot find in the main story.Battles can be difficult. There are two or three moments that required me to grind a little, and some bosses create special situations where you need to arrange battle participants or modify character attacks (focusing on strengh, hits or break guard). Not allowing the use of skills or items is one of these situations.Character dressing is an extensive and present feature, but you probably dont need four types of glasses for one character. Some of them are cute and interesting.Music is good and sound effects are ok.Story contains a certain grade of parody, with the main character breaking the four wall sometimes and make game-related jokes about the story.Side characters are pretty absurd. Appart from the initial trio and theother godesses, most of them have next to one or two dialog lines and they join when you have completed seventy percent of the game. And they have costumes while Compa or If only wear hats. Why is this?But I actually recomend the game. This many imperfections are balanced with the characters and their voice acting. Yes, the story is sometimes very silly in a funny way, but I find the characters lovable."
,Recommended,282900,14642233,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Johnnykey,"Fun time review right here… Skip to the bottom if you don’t want to read a lot.*First of all, I’m NOT gonna review this game as a port, because IMHO it’s a good enough port and I’ve had zero problems with it besides the analog only giving 8 directions and not 1:1 analog movement.All you need is to right-click the game’s .exe file and set compatibility mode to XP SP3 and ‘run as admin’, then you’re set to go without any problems if you have a decent desktop computer and know how to work with it properly.This might be subject to change as the port devs actually care about their release.*AnywayYou know about how lately Steam has been getting invaded by ero games? Erotic games with semi-naked hot women drawn in anime art full of either text or mediocrely bad gameplay?Well, Neptunia has somewhat similar ero content, is a mix of visual novel and turn-based jRPG with good gameplay that easily BESTS any of those games.THIS IS THE ONE AND ONLY ‘Waifu Simulator 2015’ RIGHT HERE!!It’s an actual GOOD game overall, starting from the beginning:Hyperdimension Neptunia was a game released years ago for the PS3, it had an AWESOME concept, but poor execution. The game is about a world called Gamindustry, 4 countries, 4 goddesses, each goddess representing a gaming company. They engage wars against each other aka the Console Wars. It’s mostly a moefest (filled with cute girls) full of parody, funny references, puns and jokes.But the original was quite boring with very long convos, unnecessary things, complex and demotivating mechanics and most of all, a terrible terrible battle system. I got tired of it after 10 hours on the PS3 because of that and the DLCfest nonsense it had. Even the framerate was bad.And then someone had the very good idea of remaking the original game under the name of Re;Birth for the PS Vita. And THEN someone had the BRILLIANT idea of releasing a port for the PC. And there we have it: an awesome and simplified game with an actually good battle system, good mechanics, good game design, an awesome soundtrack, and a huge cast of playable characters!Speaking of the soundtrack… I heard the music in this game is mostly recycled from Neptunia Victory, the 3rd original game. Most likely that’s why this game doesn’t have an official soundtrack release, if anything, just a mini-album with the only new 6 only Re;Birth-exclusive songs. And I heard more things were recycled besides the music. But that’s fine to those that (like me) haven’t played Victory, and I also heard Victory has some annoying’n complex mechanics anyway (like Share balance). The soundtrack is awesome, specially if you didn’t play Victory.This game has simple mechanics and if you miss something then, most likely you don’t really need it and you can get it on New Game + anyway, which the game encourages you to do because you get additional digital storage space needed to unlock Plans. Plans are game-changing things that enable you to unlock dungeons, items on the shop, outfits, weapons armor, make enemies stronger/weaker, etc etc, even unlocking new characters later on.Along with the unlockable dungeons, the game has a LOT of dungeons, but they only have like 7~8 layout & landscape variations. Although this isn’t much, at least you get acquainted with a dungeon easily once you already know a certain layout, and the enemies are different though they have their variations and I’d say they vary enough.Grinding is required as each story dungeon that has a boss, is about 5 levels stronger than the previous one, it can be challenging if you ignore fighting a lot.You should play this game if:-	You like anime-	You like jRPGs and want a solid experience-	You like hot and cute girls and don’t mind seeing 95% of the time… girls-	You’re a Steins;Gate fan-	You like Hatsune Miku’s character designs-	You like crafting items like in Atelier games and gather materials but with more simplicityYou should NOT play this game if:-	You don’t like anime and use the term ‘weaboo’ with ease-	jRPGs don’t appeal to you-	You don’t like to grind, even if just a bit (the DLC characters do help a lot in the first 5~10 hours of the game though, starting from when they join)-	You don’t like high-pitched voices-	You mind with some ""artificial content"" like few dungeon layout & landscape variationsAll in all, it’s an awesome game.Might edit my review later, as also I still need to play the New Game +"
,Recommended,282900,17204452,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Aaron (◕‿◕✿),"Dedicated my whole life to the CPU GoddessesHave been playing this game endlessly, and I am still enjoying every moment of it."
,Recommended,282900,14742054,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Salt,"What you can find in this game :Moe and kawaii graphic check!4th wall breaking, check!Vast range of characters, check!Oppai, check!Loli and pettanko, check!Tsundere, check!Yuri, check!Chuunibyou (kind of), check!Moe and kawaii graphic check!Futana- , no nevermind !-Yes, I recommend this game, worth the price imoNoire > All, Noire best girl so much #teamnoire"
,Recommended,282900,14250037,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ominous Bagel,"Not encountered any technical issues as of yet. Playing in Full Screen Mode appears to upscale so the button icons look a little bit pixelated, but I've seen worse I guess, it's not an actual hinderance to the gameplay.Controls are a little bit clunky, moving about in dungeons feels off as it's four-directional so using an Analogue-Stick feels a bit off, and there's been a few times so far where I've cast healing on the wrong target as to me it's a bit weird how you select a target.Other than that so far I've had a pretty good chuckle at the game so far, great script full of references to not only vidya but to also other anime tropes. (Broccoli references!)Played with the English VA options, combat right at the very start was a bit grating but now into Chapter Two it's seems to have improved a bit.This won't appeal to everyone but for those craving a Turn Based Combat System RPG, this is one of the stronger options out there."
,Recommended,282900,14308350,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kyosai7,"A fun game that replaces the god awful combat of the PS3 original, with the much superior combat of the later games in the series. It's a turn based RPG where you control the cute anime girl versions of the consoles, and help stop the Console War, and stop the evil pirate Arfoire(R4) to save the world of Gamindustri!The combat's fun and turn based, with lots of flashy attacks and smooth framerates, although I believe they're clocked at 60fps.The dialog needs to be mentioned, too. The story is told like a visual novel, with very high quality art assets that translate well to 3d models. It's also absolutely hilarious. It breaks the fourth wall constantly, and never takes itself too seriously, no matter how dire the plot situation.""Hey! This lady is too strong for being an early stage boss! I call cheat!""""The damage that popped up against us was too large.""""No problem! I'm good at shooting games! I'll just have to barrel roll!"""
,Recommended,282900,14426110,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Axwaryuu,Nep-nep / 10Vert is good waifu material~
,Recommended,282900,29285919,Posted: 15 January,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"One of the best RPGs I've played in years.This one really surprised me - I bought it based on the 'overwhelmingly positive' review status - and they sure were accurate.Essentially, this has all the bells-and-whistles of a classic RPG, as well as some modern quality-of-life upgrades.The girls are cute. The story is fantastic. The gameplay is constantly exciting and just overall really fun.I went ahead and picked up all three games with DLC from the series.Hopefully I'll get around to finishing all of them. That's how great I found this title to be.Pros:+Fantastic and interesting story+Awesome battle mechanic that is exciting and keeps me coming back - I like the hybrid of action and classic RPG+The girls are hot+I love all the side quests and collectables+Controller support is fantastic+Tons of party customizationCons:-None that I can think ofThis one really surprised me. I think it's worth full price."
,Recommended,282900,34840985,Posted: 9 September,all,PάиDá_𐌀ddїctёD,">Classic RPG game>Story is pretty good, warm and cute>16 playable characters, 19 including DLCs>Lot of dungeons to explore>Plans make the game interesting, could make it harder but better with reward>Lolis transform into sexy gurls>Customizable characters>Pick your waifu game <3>A lot of shipping ( I ship Nep-Nep and Noire :3 )11/10 Best game to waste your life and it's definitely worth it."
76561198050824333,Recommended,282900,28676217,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Scraps,Bought it as a jokeAfter few minutes im getting interestedPlay for an hourNow my friends call me a jokeweeb/10 my mother is definetly proud of me
76561198312619789,Recommended,282900,34249039,Posted: 14 August,all,Megumin,"As a strict PC gamer now (reformed XBOX bro, as of February this 2017), I can honestly say that this game flew under my radar, even with my extensive knowledge on all good console exclusive games. This is the embodiment of everything I do enjoy about anime, whilst being a game about games and other things. It goes from parody to being its own thing very quickly, all thanks in part to our lord and savior Nep (all hail Nepu).How to know if you will like this game:Do you like turn based strategy games?Are you a fan of cute moe ♥♥♥♥♥♥?Would you like [Insert Character here] to do the nasty with [Insert Character here]? (The fanfic writes itself)Would you give praise to the fantastic Neptune at every given opportunity?If you answered yes to one or more of these things you're likely dead inside, without a life, and in need of a new waifu. It's like this game was made for you. If you answered no to any of these questions, clearly you're a sane, rational human being, and I don't want to associate myself with your kind."
,Recommended,282900,14472333,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,𝔇𝔢𝔞𝔡-𝔈𝔫𝔡,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a JRPG and every character you come across has their own unique attacks and abilities, these attacks which are (Rush, Power and Break) can all be changed which will determinate the way that the character attacks.PROS- Funny and alot of game references- Great PC port- Very fast saving/loading- English/Japanese voice options- Great OP- New game+ when you complete the game- 2 endings. normal and true ending- DLC's offer 2 new characters, more dungeons, a coliseium and more levels! (levels can go up to 999)- Game mechanics are solid and special attacks (Exe and SP attacks are skippable)- Very grindy (can be a pro or a con)- Can customize characters if you buy outfitsCONS- DLC characters are op compared to your other characters- If you get defeated it puts you in the main menu instead of last save- Enemy levels/difficulty remain the same in new game+ (the enemy doesn't get stronger)OverallI really enjoyed the game, was quite addicted to it over the past few days of playing it and looking forward to the future releases of other Hyperdimension Neptunia games on steam."
,Recommended,282900,14838073,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Eishun,"Playtime : 27 Hour [First Run] , 33(5 hour) for NGIf you love japanese games, game makers/studio and a series then this is a perfect game for you.[There are various references, to name a few(.hack, tekken, senran kagura, steins;gate,etc)]Story : It's pretty much game console + game makers join in and fight one evil faction. If you love lighthearted story, this is good oneGameplay : Basic, Easy to play, but VERY VERY grindy, expect tons of grinding, They reuse the dungeons, TONS of dungeons although i give it a pass because it is a VITA game [keep that in mind]another note : they throw all their budget on VA instead of gameplay department, go figureSound : Japanese VA is top tier with several huge name in industry.I bought it at 10$ for base game and 2.5$ for all DLC, is it worth it? Yes In My Opinionif you love japanese game, and know japanese industry, then go for itEdit: Platinum-ed It [100% achievement ]"
76561198115303847,Recommended,282900,14441463,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,oOFate/SteinerOo,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth 1 is a Great JRPG with cultures references from game industry.It supposed to be a port from PS Vita but instead we got a HD graphic with 60FPS remake.Cutscenes are Visual novel like with Voice acting both in english and japanese (I'd prefered japanese though)Despite its flaws since launch,Developer have been fixing things included crash from result screen.It might not be a perfect port but I'm sure it will worth your money even in full price tag.8/10 Great JRPG on Steam."
,Recommended,282900,14289891,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Tsukasa Hiiragi,"I was saving a review until at least halfway though the game.   As a veteran of all the original PS3 iterations of the game I am trying to post this review as non-bais as possible - but that could be hard so too bad :PProsCute/Moe charactersGreat Character CustomizationFast flowing battlesystemFunny VN style story systemFan Service (if you like FS)ConsUn-balanced boss fights could cause problems for some playersLack of save points during heavy scripted events/boss fight eventsHigh potential of 'game overs' through no fault of the playerGrindyFan Service (If you don't like FS)There are many aspects to Re;Birth1 that are postive, great customization system all the way to a solid RPG battle system thats both fast paced and has relatively few bugs.   One of the few problems that new players to JRPGS or the HDN series may face are the problems with unbalanced boss fights or the typical road block boss fights, needless to say - don't get discouraged if your losing to a boss, most of the time its a matter of changing around your items or preventing certain status changes like paralyse which could be the key to winning.For the most part, fans of any Jrpg series will find the rpg and battle system fun and challenging, however a few points could have been improved during development such as long portions of story, followed by multiple boss fights without a chance to save is problem.  Also during the game several issues could appear which initiate scripted events which could cause 'game overs' far too easy, such as unlocking the coliseum which starts an unavoidable boss battle in Planeptune which is considerably difficult if unlocked too early in the game.Overall"
,Recommended,282900,14233854,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Asian,"- The Story -The world is called Gamindustri, and is divided into four nations, Planeptune, Lastation, Lowee, and Leanbox.Each nation is led by a Console Patron Unit, or CPU, who are also known as the Four Goddesses.The CPUs are Purple Heart, Black Heart, White Heart, and Green Heart.If it wasn't obvious enough, the Hyperdimension Neptunia series draws from the console wars, as each nation is based on an existing video game console, the PS3, the Wii, the Xbox 360, and the cancelled SEGA Neptune.- The Gameplay -It's a JRPG, so there's really not much I can say about it. There's a world map from where you can travel to dungeons in which you run around as your designated party leader to explore, fight monsters, find items, and progress the story.- Technical Stuff -The recommended PC specs to run the game sound a bit misleading to me. It's a PC port of a PS Vita game. I think anyone with a decent Toastmaster 3000 MkII can run the game fine.On my rig, the game runs at a silky smooth 60fps, probably more if I had a better computer screen.The video settings are only Resolution and Fullscreen Mode.The game says that the max resolution is 1600x900, but that's pretty misleading.Running fullscreen actually runs the game in Fullscreen Windowed mode, and if anyone actually pays attention to their game settings that means that the game is running at the native screen resolution.For me that means 1920x1080.Running around in a dungeon, I can clearly tell that the 3D models (which I must say look really nice in this port) and pretty much the rest of the game is being rendered in 1080p.The only thing I can tell as far as I can see that is affected by the resolution options is the character portraits used during conversations, which move via hybrid animations to make them seem more alive.Given the lack of video settings, unless you know how to use your GPU's control panel to force video settings, your game will either run perfectly or your hardware's outdated.- TL;DR/Verdict -BUY THIS GAME THERE ARE CUTE ANIME GIRLS"
,Recommended,282900,30045188,Posted: 19 February,all,❤Nowaru-sama❤,"I see a game with Nep in it, I insert my credit card information."
76561198047008556,Recommended,282900,14283406,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,susluv,Jrpg train on the roll. Full STEAM ahead.
76561198131421851,Recommended,282900,28172119,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Laura S. A,"Starting off by mentioning that as a remake it is simply amazing. As for the original, it was done on a very low budget so I will forgive it as being slow, lacking and a bit difficult to play. It introduced the world to this franchise and I must admit im still wondering how it got on. But now that were here im glad it did. Re;Birth1 is refined and fine tuned to be an excellent game as one itself. Using the original Victory battle system ( wich to me is excellent ) with its easy to use and yet very detailed interface, Re;Birth1 really is one relaxed game battlewise. As for the characters we've been introduced a few new ones and left behind some. The cast itself is very interesting at best. Following an amnesiac Neptune trying to get her memory back and then stopping Arfoire and everything else fishy. The series music is great as always. Catchy and fun to listen to. This game has the original Re;Birth plan system wich is a very decent system. It allows you to create items varying from battle items to actual costumes and effects in the game itself. There's alot to be done in this game, and at its very low price its a must for anyone who's interested in some JRPG action.Pros+ Enjoyable story+ The always brilliant Neptunia cast+ Great music+ Great battle system+ The plan system+ A lot to do if you want everything done ( plans, equipment, etc. )+ Very easygoing and relaxing gameMixed+/- It can be quite easySummarize: An excellent, easy to approach JRPG with amazing features. ( Definition of the word REMAKE! )10/10"
,Recommended,282900,31356496,Posted: 25 April,all,jonezboyz137,Waifu paradise 100/10Loli 100/10Arrested by the Police 1/10*In indonesia we have kinda weird thing. If u like lolis and u will called pedo by some Woman in public
,Recommended,282900,21701825,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,☾ Patchouli Knowledge ☾,You get to look at Neptune's panties every time she hits something.Need I say more?Easy 11/10 game.
,Recommended,282900,32402889,Posted: 13 June,all,Just Satori,"Neeeep.Okay, meme-tarding aside.As an RPG: Neptunia is an alright, but forgettable experience. Battle basically boils down to one of two thing: Bringing down the enemies guard gauge in the early game so that your attacks hit harder, or in the late game building up SP so you can use the limit-break like attacks.As a visual novel, however, I loved it. It might not be for everyone, with constant 4rth wall breaking, and plenty of video game refrences, but Nep and friends are some of my favorite characters."
76561198007929798,Recommended,282900,27241478,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nemesis,"I bought this game because Steam suggested it on a Sale, knew nothing about it and the franchise.Now i own every Neptunia Game and i have no regrets.If anyone asks on which Hyperdimension Neptunia Game they should start with, its THIS one the Developer went all out on the Jokes in this one.Describing it simply: The game of meme's and refrences."
,Recommended,282900,15324448,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Killer Rabbit,"I'm only 12 hours into this game but I am totally loving it.With the exception of Compa, who I find slightly annoying, the characters I've met so far are awesome. The dialogue, especially Neptune's is funny. It literally makes me laugh out loud at times. The theme is awesome. When you put yourself into the frame of mind that this is a game world, things make a lot more sense and it really fits together. Being able to craft plans to adjust things in the world really works in that it fits with the theme of the game. If you want to increase the difficulty, decrease the difficulty, have alternate items drop in dungeons, it's done by crafting.  I really like the disc development where you can customize based upon what chips are added to the disc. Chips are drops in the world that when added to the disc (level requirements and type) will impact the character.The combat is okay for what it is. I do like the transformation option to shift into the stronger CPU form. I'm not a fan of all of the monster graphics... some of them do look sort of lame. But they are computer / game themed so I can deal with it.The one dislike I have about the game are some of the voices during the battle. They sound ""childish"" with things like ""ouchy"" in a little kid's voice. I think Plutia's is the worst during battle... ""what should I do?"" Makes her sound helpless. I wish they were more like IF's ""who wants to get beaten first?!"".I'm sure there's more I can add, but I need to get back to Gamindustri while I have time to avoid the responsibilities of the real world."
76561198065802178,Recommended,282900,30194148,Posted: 26 February,all,Model 0z74,A game that's as hard as Darksouls.10/10 will forget to save before boss.
,Recommended,282900,25486033,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,CPT. Dansko Valentine,"A purple walking amnesiac meme travels the land with a failed nurse and a flat chested mercenary in order to assemble a huge borderline platonic harem of goddesses and save the world from misses Steal Yo Powahs. 10 outta 10, best game, I rate it a solid Nep/Nep-NepNep is love. Nep is life"
,Recommended,282900,25133502,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Invictus227,"Do you like consoles?Do you hate consoles?Do you like cute girls?Do you like JRPGs?Do you like characters that tap the 4th wall?Do you have any nostagia for gaming whatsoever?Are you a weeb?If you answered yes to any of these, buy this game."
,Recommended,282900,33371509,Posted: 8 July,all,Lord Bonanza,"I'll admit, at first I was actually thinking of giving this game no recommendation.  I tried playing it a couple times, tried to understand why it's gotten overwhelming positive reviews, but could never get through the first portion of the game.The problem for me is that it's very slow to start with extremely childish and, let's face it, weeby dialogue between girls acting cute.  There was so much dialogue to go through that I didn't care about, and then when I was finally able to play it just didn't quite stick to me.  Except I finally tried to play through some more.  I made it through the starting area, more of the game got unlocked, and I got to see what it's all about.This is a very solid RPG with a good battle system similar to Quest 64.  Lots of equipment, quests, ways to make money, ways to customize the girls both with fashion and with abilities and stat variations, and there's just a ton of content.  I've been hooked since.It is VERY slow paced at first, but once you get past that hump, it will suck you in."
,Recommended,282900,14534215,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Laurentious,"So this game is basically an adventure comedy game that is a parody of the real life console war, it’s full of jokes, puns and a whole lot and I mean A LOT of references of things ranging from games, movies, comics/manga and popular cultures (mostly Japanese culture though). Personally the thing that kinda bothered me with this game is the amount of anime fanservice (boobs) they shove into your face, if they did a little less of it I might recommend this to non-anime peoples unless you tolerate those things like I do. While the story isn’t exactly great but the comedy aspect of the game is what the game is best at.Pros:Hilarious jokes and they actually keep creating new ones instead of recycling jokes which is one of the things I enjoy the most in this gameReally good turn based combat system, at first it’s started as a simple system but it gets tougher and you have a lot of strategizing to do as you progress in the gameThe lily system adds more depth to the combat system as it can help boost up your characters depending on whom they are partnered withThe plan system is really useful and can help you create things that you previously can’t buy in a shop and make them available for purchase in the shop. You can even make the monster easier or harder depending on your preferences with itThe soundtrack in this game is awesomeCons:The port feels kinda bad imo, the prompts are in controller mode so I was really confused as what button to press and I have to ditch trying to play with the keyboard and mouse completely but it’s not exactly impossible to do if you try hard enough. (Although I got to say it ran really good though, no hitching or whatsoever)Eng dub is severely lacking, basically it’s fully voice acted from the start until the first boss then after that it’s complete silence. There are parts after that that are still voice acted but it’s so little, maybe this won’t bother most of you but some people like me prefer to hear English VAThere’s a lot of backtracking involved because you need to gather things only some dungeons have and those things you need can really help you in a battle from creating a plan, not to mention some dungeons are connected in a chain kind of way where you can only get an item from a certain dungeon 1 and that item can help unlock dungeon 2 where you might get plans/items to unlock dungeon 3 from dungeon 2 (Dungeonception in short).Somehow money in this game is very little and you have to constantly work on side quests in order to get themA lot of the areas are recycled, a few of them are just extended but they are basically identical. To people who want to see new environment and not the same looking area over and over again you will not like itBE WARNED the game is currently buggy to some people, I’m just one of the few lucky people who didn’t encounter a single bug in the game. If you don’t want to risk buying a broken game I suggest waiting a few more months until they patched up the bugsEdit: Seems like they patched out all the major bugs already, good job IF ;)Side note: This game also taught me that pudding is one helluva of a drug"
,Recommended,282900,24427360,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,William0125,"Pros:+Original idea+Fun and kind of deep combat system+Very funny+Cool VN sections+There's A LOT to do+The remake system (the coliseum, new characters, new dungeons, new weapons, etc.)+Cool and interesting characters+The music+The art style+The japanese voice acting+Breaking the fourth wall...multiple timesCons:- Dungeon repetition-Grinding (Personally I love to grind, but people usually don't)-Not the best story-The english voice acting-Almost unplayable with a keyboard and a mouse (you should play with a controller)Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a really fun low budget JRPG that I recommend to anyone interested, especially on sale."
,Recommended,282900,21681048,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,WG | ๖Zavinus ❤,"I actually started playing the game with very low expectations, but I haven't had this much fun playing a JRPG since Final Fantasy X and The Legend of Dragoon.My only problems are that you can't explore the cities and that the English dub is poorly done, even most of the cutscenes are missing voices."
76561198061266080,Recommended,282900,33143999,Posted: 2 July,all,(Some_Gear)5,Good and funny rpg/visual novel game if you don't mind grinding
,Recommended,282900,14252463,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Bisette,"FINALLY I CAN PLAY THE FIRST NEP NEP WITHOUT HAVING TO PLAY THE FIRST NEP NEP AND WITHOUT HAVING TO BUY A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ HANDHELD11/10 WAS WAITING FOR A PORT TO PS3 AND IDEA FACTORY UPPED THE GAME AND PORTED TO PCon a somewhat serious note though, i was spooked about how the port was gonna be and, for the most part, it seems to be one of the better ports ive seen. whether it be a japanese or western game.-gwafix options are almost non-existant sadly, but since half the game is VN-style i guess we can let that pass.-rebindable keys was something i was surprised to see, but sadly it doesnt show keyboard keys onscreen. Like if you bind E to be the X button it will still show the X button instead of the E key.-its got the english and japanese voices like in all the other games along with several different audio sliders-judging off the video of the CPUs fighting at the start, i assume the videos are not 1080p and are just upscaled, but the opening video seemed to be 1080p along with everything else.-the resolution option was weird, it says it caps at 1600x900, but that option is only for windowed mode. fullscreen goes to whatever your desktop resolution is.-despite being able to rebind all the keys, it might still feel kind of strange. certainly not game-breaking, its just my index finger is starting to think im playing Diablo III and not a JRPGas for the game itself, well its nep nep. its really the only JRPG series aside from Pokemon where id play through the games more than once. its full of video game and anime humor and frequently breaks the fourth wall. hell, the premise of the game is a parody of the feud between sony, nintendo, and microsoft.so yeahi hope idea factory brings more nep nep to Steami also hope this makes other JP devs realize there's a market for their games on PC"
,Recommended,282900,21737871,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,I'm really glad this was ported to pc. Its a fantastic game with tons of content. If you like jrpgs than this is definitely worth picking up. Works very well on pc however I do recommend playing with a gamepad instead of keyboard and mouse.
,Recommended,282900,15258052,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,bumflufftornado,"A summary of pros and cons for this game can be found at the end of my review.Re;Birth1 was first released for the Playstation Vita as an upgraded remake of the original PS3 Hyperdimension Neptunia game. This version stands very well on its own for players who are not familiar with previous entries in the series, and contains enough improvements to be a worthwhile experience for those who have already played the previous games. Idea Factory have also added in trading cards and included achievements to sweeten the deal.The story of Re;Birth1 is set in the world of Gamindustri in which four goddesses fight over control in the Console wars. You play primarily as a goddess named Neptune who has fallen from the sky and lost her memory. Together with new friends you depart on a quest to figure out who you are. The story is filled with humour and references to other popular games, yet never felt forced or cringe worthy. Spoken dialogue is available in both Japanese and English although subtitles for the Japanese were not appearing during combat. I found the English dub to be very serviceable (minus a few odd choices) and I especially loved Compa’s voice.The game consists of an overworld map and dungeons. As the player progresses more dungeons are unlocked through the story and crafting mode. Additionally, the crafting mode allows the player to add in new game rules, such as easier battles and more experience, as well as crafting new items, weapons and a large amount of outfits. My main criticism with the game is the repetitiveness of the dungeons. Many levels look the same and have to be run through multiple times to grind out items. A little more imagination with the locations would have gone a long way; however it is worth noting that this did not hinder enjoyment of the game too much.The battle system is notable for it’s a combination of turn based combat combined with free roaming. Each turn characters have an area in which they can freely position themselves before attacking, increasing the level of strategy for each fight. Characters can be equipped with a number of different attack styles and special skills based on player preference as well as the combinations of characters you send in to battle. It is also worth mentioning that the game functions a lot better with a controller as selecting options in battle with keyboard and mouse can get a bit fiddly at times.Overall this is a game I would fully recommend to fans of JRPGs or anime who are looking for a game that funny and light hearted while still dipping its toes into serious RPG territory.Pros: Great story filled with humour and game references, loveable characters, options for Japanese or English dubs (the English dub is actually quite good for the most part), a fun and engaging combat system, cheap DLC that actually adds useful characters, controller support, trading cards and backgrounds, achievements.Cons: Repetitive level designs, requires a reasonable amount of grinding for items and levels, some fights are very challenging without DLC characters or the aforementioned grinding."
,Recommended,282900,14369164,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Crramalama,"When I first started playing HyperDimension Neptunia Re;Birth I wasn’t sure if I liked it or not. The story and character interactions seemed somewhat reminiscent of the Disgaea series.   As I’m a rather large fan that series I was sure that the story would keep me going through the game. But that wouldn’t be enough to make me recommend it to friends.That first night I put about two hours into the game advancing the story and figuring out the basics of the combat.  The second night I played about four hours and advanced the story. The third night I started doing the mini-quests and messing around with the dangerous enemies in dungeons.  I had about twelve hours in the game at that point I had just finished chapter three and started chapter four.I’m now thirty hours in and just started chapter five. The story seems to be a little short but the amount of side content is huge.   At this point, I’m very happy with the battle system and still find enemies in the side areas to reasonably difficult however the enemies in the story line dungeons have been trivialized due to my doing side goals for so long that I’ve wound up severely over the level the dungeons are designed for.The odd part it I didn’t find myself to be grinding the whole time I was collecting drops from gather spots or enemies for items or weapons.  The few times I wasn’t doing that I was trying to do the dangerous monsters to challenge myself.The Combat in the game is designed really well preventing you from face rolling through enemies unless you’ve really leveled up.  The combat uses a three attack type system divided by break, power, and rush.  Enemies have a guard bar and a health bar while the guard bar is intact they take reduced damage from all sources.  This is where break attacks come in they do minor damage to health in exchange for dealing high damage to the guard bar.  Power attacks are the opposite they do a great deal of damage to the hp but almost no damage to guard. The rush attacks focus on building the EXE gauge which deals with finishes and large damage super attacks.The game is absolutely a blast for me and I wish that I had heard of the Neptunia series sooner.  I highly recommend this game to anyone that is interested in it.  It also has plenty of references.  “Go Ancient Dragon, I choose you!”Tl;dr The game is a blast but it’s easy too get lost in side content and make the story content to easy.  Totally recommend this game for anyone that enjoys comedic story’s like Disgaea or games with some depth to the combat system."
,Recommended,282900,17145946,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Vallinek,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a remake of a 2010 RPG game released on the PS3. Originally a PS Vita game, it was later ported to the PC and released on Steam.The game is a rather unusual take on the so-called ""Console Wars"" where the consoles are represented by their Moe Anthropomorphisms - Goddesses of four lands: Planeptune, Lastation, Leanbox and Lowee. Fighting each other in Celestia, three of the Goddesses decide to gang up on Purple Heart, knocking her off and causing her to fall down to Planeptune. There is found by a young nurse named Compa who takes care of her injuries, as well as turning out that she lost her memory. Then they are contacted by a magical sealed tome called Histoire who sends them on a quest to find the Key Fragments neccessary to free Histoire, as well as unite all the four goddesses to fight together against a bigger threat.The gameplay is basically your typical turn-based jRPG with minor tactical elements. Your characters and enemies take turns performing attacks, using abilities or items. It's rather simple to get a grasp if you played any other turn-based RPG. Outside of dungeon exploring and fighting, you can use shops, view the gallery, accept and complete quests, or use special ""Plans"" to add or modify existing content in the game. The difficulty feels just right - it's not as hard as old-school jRPGs, but also not easy enough that you will be bored (unless you specifically overlevel your characters for the upcoming fights). The game even hands you certain Plans that make the enemies tougher or easier, so there's always some way of tuning the difficulty a bit if you want a challenge or - the opposite - want to focus on the story. Majority of the content is grind-based, however, so if you care about exploring everything, you'll have to level up your characters quite a lot.The story is quite engaging, with you traveling and exploring different lands, trying to stop the main villain from realizing her plans, interspersed with constant humor and jokes about either the characters themselves, whatever gaming cliches may appear, or just plainly ignoring the fourth wall for the sake of fun. All of the characters represent either a console or a game company, and they're a very likeable bunch. Of course, it's full of fanservice in one way or another, but what would you expect from a game that creates Moe Anthropomorphisms of game consoles?The graphics are good. You might notice blurred textures here and there, but it's nothing big, and it's pretty to look at. The only reason you might not like it is if you don't like anime style.In the sound department, we get mostly electronic music or rock, with quite a lot memorable or downright awesome themes. It's definitely worth listening to even outside the game.As far as the DLC goes, it's kind of a mixed bag. DLC characters like Plutia and Peashy join early, when your party is rather small, and provide a lot of additional firepower that makes the early game a little easier than normal. The ""additional content"" DLC, when all of them are purchased, introduces a lot of new dungeons and Colliseum battles, while extending the level cap from 99 to whopping 999. But, as you can guess, all of this content is purely grind-based, so if the only thing you care about is the story and not watching your characters grow stronger, I would suggest against buying this DLC.The game also pretty much requires New Game+ in order to unlock everything, since one playthrough does not yield enough MB (Megami Bytes) to craft every Plan you can get.Overall, this is a great game, featuring adorable, likeable characters, nice graphics, great music, interesting storyline, as well as lots of humor and content. I heavily recommend it to anyone who likes jRPGs that don't take themselves too seriously or cutesy games."
,Recommended,282900,14252305,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[HDN]White Heart,"I've always loved the HDN series, its been fun watching this whole thing grow since 2011 which feels like ages ago. i'd really hope that MK2 & V come to steam being that this is my first Neptunia game i've accually played other then watching a walkthrough since i don't have a ps3, ps4 or vita (i suck i know)Highly recommend this to anyone who likes anime JRPGs, funny jokes, adventures & awesome storylines + characters(1 week later)So now i got a ps3 and the 1st Neptunia along with mk2 & Victory and i gotta say i'm so happy i tried Re;birth 1 out its made me even more of a fan then i already was. thank you Steam and Idea Factory for finally giving me the chance to play Neptunia. Its a game i will surely not forget anytime soon"
76561198283233193,Recommended,282900,33949563,Posted: 1 August,all,Scissorman,I guess it's enough to say: ''Nep-Nep''
,Recommended,282900,14234379,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Xiry,"As a person who finished the storyline of Re;Birth1 for the Vita at least thirty times it pains me to admit the Steam release is a clumsy port with all the fun key re-binding that comes with being a portable game previously. L-Stick, R-Stick, D-Pad and all the buttons and bumpers have to be rebound, which can be a royal pain in buttock. It might just be because my computer is utter wank, but I've noticed the game also seems to have some graphical hiccups at times. But as I said, my computer IS wank.On the other hand it's Neptunia, Re;Birth1. Instead of a remake it's more akin to a full overhaul of the original, keeping the main story plots and a few features present while tossing out a few more muddled elements. Is it better than the original? Gameplay-wise I'd have to say definitely without a doubt. Story-wise and dialogue-wise is more subjective, though overall I'd have to say yes. Unfortunately due to real-life events there's no more Nippon Ichi/Nisa or Gust, so tears shall be shed there.Though we do have Broccoli now.In the end, despite the hiccups I'd recommend getting the game. It's Neptunia, and Neptunia is the beautiful grace of the Goddesses, descended upon us feeble masses. But would I recommend it over the PS Vita version? No, the problems of the Steam release can take you out a good amount and the Vita is a better experience for that.. Plus it's portabler. However the Steam version is still more than worth your time, I'd recommend it any day as long as you don't have a crippling phobia of key-rebinding or pleasure.LADY NEPTUNE BE PRAISED, FOR SHE IS THE GREATEST."
76561198043820569,Recommended,282900,14793371,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Matsche,"If you are looking for a JRPG to spend your time with this game is it. A really good PC Port, great music and a lot of comedy is what you will get. I enjoyed this game very much and hope that the delevolpers will also bring Re;Birth2 and 3  to PC."
76561198103009305,Recommended,282900,14324027,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,xSkyRinx,"Don't have PS Vita ? Don't have PS3 ? Don't have PS4 ?Wanted play JRPG with visual Novel same time ?This is your chance now ~This game is a Visual Novel and JRPG game 2 in 1 type game~This game some time required some tactical battle skill to win ~So better don't getting♥♥♥♥♥♥by some dungeon ""Tough Boss"" ~(fully prepare and Save game before fight)Bad things for this game normally is the normal monster design iT look LIKE same, the only thing change is color. But some how monster is quiet Weird and FUNNY, and dungeon look like same(For some places).If u have DLC your will get 2 more Extra Character from the Anime Character(""Plutia"" The IRIS Heart (SM Queen) and ""Peashy"" The Yellow Heart, If u know what i mean! :p)is quiet helpful defeat the  dungeon ""Tought Boss"" `Story 10/10Graphic 10/10Character Design 10/10Battle Scene 10/10Monster Desgin 7/10(Some how werid Monster So Weird....)Moe 10/10Rate 11/10Oh! Forgot to said The ""Ex Skill""  So damm awesome sometime I not even wanted skip at all ~"
,Recommended,282900,25772487,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Pure Kino,Blanc is best girl.
,Recommended,282900,21736387,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Fracie,5 minutes in to the game and a joke was already made about being stronger with less clothing.This gonna be a gud game.
,Recommended,282900,14270102,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,a very angry man,10/10 WOULD DISAPPOINT MY PARENTS BY BECOMING AN OTAKU NEET AGAIN
,Recommended,282900,14353246,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Chronosx89❁,"Cool,casual game.CONS:in-game crashes if you click too much."
,Recommended,282900,14382131,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nothe.less,"I like their jokes, keep playing for more jokes and fan service 8/10Pros :-cute graphic-good jokes-challenging enemy-well balanced-game mechanic is easy to learnCons :-slow level growth-difference between normal enemy and mini boss are too far-side quest not give any expWorth to buy. Waiting for next release"
,Recommended,282900,30389292,Posted: 8 March,all,кιмιтѕυкι,"I didn't want to buy this game, but I did. I had startd playing HyperDimension Neptunia on the PS3 and really disliked it. At the time I thought that and Re;Birth1 were the same thing. One day I got some money to spend on random games during a sale, this game was at a good price so I decided to buy it. After buying it, it sat in my library for quite awhile before I began playing it. Getting into the game, I realized that Re;Birth1 was much different from the version I had. Everything I disliked about the game was gone.The only thing I really dislike about the game is the amount of grinding you have to do to move on with the story. Other than that, the characters are all enjoyable, the art is nice and so is the music.I'm very bad a reviews and trying to get people to buy a game, but trust me, it's good! I would highly suggest buying this during a sale though."
76561198027512227,Recommended,282900,15261207,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,The Courier,Pudding.
,Recommended,282900,14289741,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,LaserBeamOnions,"60 fps. Memorable characters. Excellent combat. It has a few bugs that have been knocked out again and again, and it doesn't have the option to go 1080p, but you can get a patch from a fan and fix that. Take this from Haruhi's Butt. This is a game worth buying.10/10 would Nep-nep again."
,Recommended,282900,20243411,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tomo #TimeToEndBullying,+buys game+begins leveling up quick+thinks game is gonna be easy+meets black heart+loses to her+grinds to lv 20+loses to black heart again+quits game+revisits game and has to restart progress bc no steam cloud ( thx gaben) :)+levels up to lv 14+ fights black heart+reks her11/10 would grind again
,Recommended,282900,14790995,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DJ Pop,"Introduce your kids to Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1And they will never havemoneytime for drugsActually, no time for everything else"
,Recommended,282900,14342679,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,jakTen,Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1-You have 4 goddness and can up lvl 999-Nep-Nep-Tsundere Noire!!!-KAWAI!!!!-Pantsushots!-Nice music-Beatifull Graphic-Must have because it's Japan game in Steam!10/10
,Not Recommended,282900,23902914,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mikasa,"Look, if this is your favorite game, that's totally fine. Good for you. The industry has different genres for this exact reason - different strokes for different folks (pun entirely intended). With this in mind I ask that please, do not take this the wrong way, but I personally cannot in good conscious recommend this game to anyone.Visually, the best way to sum upHyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1is ""softcore loli porn: the JRPG"". And again, if that's your thing, that's totally fine - but if it isn't, you're not going to enjoy the visual novel aspects of the game, which include 'animated' fanservice sequences where literally only the characters' breasts are animated. Within the first minute and a half of the game, the primary characters are introduced in armor that is not only impractical for battle but impossible to wear in real life, while the dialogue referencing their centuries-long war over who deserves to begoddevolves into an argument over whether breast size should be a factor in determining who has control over literally all of creation.As a number of other reviewers have pointed out (and I hate to recycle the words of others here), it's a very niche brand of humor, and unless you're a hardcore anime fan - and again, specifically the loli genre - you're not going to get a lot of enjoyment out of this title from a writing standpoint. Everything is designed to be 'cuteness overload' while somehow simultaneously completely oversexualized, and that really just isn't going to appeal to everyone, which is why the 'Overwhelmingly Positive' rating on Steam feels both baffling and completely unjustified.Regardless of your softcore porn preferences, moving past the visual novel aspects (which are about 50% of the game), the gameplay itself aims to be a mix of a traditional turn-based JRPG while combining elements of a basic tactics system in which you have to physically move characters within range of their opponents, which presumably opens them up to attack. However, given the range of movement afforded characters from the start of battle with most low-leveled monsters, this system doesn't appear to make much sense because both you and your opponent will easily be able to close any starting gaps within the space of a single turn. Perhaps with the addition of long-ranged characters later on in the game, the tactics aspect will actually begin to shine, but for the beginning levels its inclusion is more mildly confusing and frustrating than anything else, especially considering that visually the system actually looks nice. Aside from this, however, the combat boils down to your basic JRPG fare, and there's nothing really special about it - because, again, the combat is really only half the game anyway. I'm not sure if the combat improves in the game's sequels, but I'm far less tempted to shell out any more money to even attempt to try them given my experience thus far withRe;Birth1.The greatest setback of them all, however, is the game's controls. As the store page says, for a long time this game was exclusively available on consoles, and it is made abundantly clear from the very first dungeon thatRe;Birth1was not designed with PC gamers in mind. The keyboard controls are abominable, even with keymapping, and it turns the entire experience into a taxing, joyless, tedious affair. I don't think I'd recommend anyone even attempt to play this game without a controller, unless you have the miraculous, nigh-inhuman patience required to alternate between using the mouse and having both hands on the keyboard just to be able to navigate the first dungeon. It's just that infuriating, and this problem persists into the combat sequences, where you will often find yourself having to once again alternate between using the mouse and having both hands on the keyboard within the space of a single turn, just to be able to select more than one target. It is absolutely mind-boggling that there isn't a warning on the store page that a controller is recommended for this game. Oh, and by the way, every single key prompt is designed with a controller in mind, which makes memorizing the keymapping even more difficult.The game's writing, meanwhile, is an entirely different source of frustration. The plot is a thinly veiled parody of the console war between Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo, and Sega (?), and in this reality all four are middle to highschool-aged girls guilty of more fourth-wall breaks than Deadpool himself. It's an interesting premise that gets heavily bogged down by the 'cutesy' anime dialogue of our loli protagonists, and it's a shame, because the concept of playing as characters who are aware they are in a video game is one that is seldom used. Unfortunately,Re;Birth1fails to utilize its basic premise to its full potential.I'm sorry if this all sounds harsh. Again, obviously this game appeals to some people. I sure as hell don't know why, but if this is your kind of game, hats off to you. I'll never judge you for that. But the point of this wall of text is that this game really isn't designed to appeal to the average gamer - or, hell, most gamers in general. And people deserve to know that, given that this game still has an 'Overwhelmingly Positive' rating. If you absolutely have to tryRe;Birth1, get it on sale - but it definitely isn't worth the retail price tag, and I cannot recommend anyone spend $29.99 on this."
,Recommended,282900,30287248,Posted: 2 March,all,Izayoi 咲夜,My parents saw me playing this game ;-;10/10
,Recommended,282900,24219278,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kyizon,I play this is offline mode so people won't see my shame.10/10 would lose dignity again
,Recommended,282900,14327606,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ManualZion,"This game is incredibly soothing to the soul. This should be offered to sick patients. Buy this game if you wish to achieve enlightenment or wish for healing.As for the actual game? It's about 45 hours long for the first playthrough, NG+ goes by a lot quicker. A significant portion of the endgame content is locked behind the DLC's, but due to the cheap cost, that isn't a problem. The plot is cute and funny, you can tell that it doesn't take itself seriously at all. The game takes the lighthearted mood and runs with it.Combat is better than most JRPGs. While you can game the system a bit with Neptune Break, the combo system allows for a lot of different attack chains, and the break system is pretty cool. Item crafting is fun, though I recommend using a guide for it to avoid frustration.Only downside is heavily recycled assests and the horrendous English dub.Overall, it's a great experience. You should buy this game. Please. Every sale means we get closer to RB3 on the PC."
76561198115224818,Recommended,282900,14823537,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,StarChildDaisuke,"I actually spent money for this, money I didn't have"
,Recommended,282900,34090859,Posted: 7 August,all,fuck off,12 year olds who transform into Gods who fight to the death pretty sick yo
,Recommended,282900,15564934,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,R³,"At first, I bought this game as a joke because I thought it was gonna be some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ anime fan service game, but I was so wrong.This game is insanely fun and entertaining. The gameplay is enjoyable and rewarding. It has a decent plot, with lots of loveable characters. My favorite part was all the hilarious one liners and references to other games. Even though I only have 50 hours on this game (because I'm stupid and saved at the wrong time), there are countless hours of fun. I actually enjoyed it so much, I'm probably gonna get it on my ps vita and play through it again (once I finish the other games of course).This is no ordinary JRPG. I highly recommend it and it is by far worth the $30 (even though I payed $15).I have now picked up the second game of the series and am playing through it now. I'm really happy I was able to find this gem of a series in all the other crap that's out there :)"
,Recommended,282900,14254392,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ace,"Great game so far!Issues:- Keybindings- Should use Controller- Rebind Keys (Annoying to do.)As far as their content goes, it is great!"
,Recommended,282900,15252711,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,CrySunsetX,"Moved my hands more than playing the actual gameplay10/10PS: Jokes aside. Buy it, its worth every penny ;) No doubt you will have fun as a JRPG fan."
,Recommended,282900,30851982,Posted: 31 March,all,Iris Heart,Nep nep saved my life. Before nep nep i was loser with a girlfriend and a boring real world life. But nep nep showed me the way to true happiness. Now there is only nep nep and nep nep is life.
,Recommended,282900,14233764,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Electric Boogaloo,"Really polished, great graphical upgrade from the Vita version. This is what Neptunia fans deserve (minus the clunky launch for the DLC but let's hope they fix that quickly.) That aside, highly recommended to old and new fans alike who may be curious."
,Recommended,282900,14235153,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,dark_ogamiya,"Nice port. Stable 60fps, no lags, bugs or errors in the begining. Sadly, max resolution capped at 1600x900 (probably would be fixable with gedosato). Highly recommend to play using gamepad (still all keys are remappable).The game itself looks fun to play, with many references, allegories, cute character design and great japanese voice actresses (Kana Asumi playing bully — this is something I will NEVER forget)."
76561198007290158,Recommended,282900,14235033,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Codeine,"It's a good JRPG with quite a bit of comedy. The characters are likeable and the game itself runs smoother than the Vita version. If you are a fan of JRPGs (or comedy), then I'd say to try it out. And if you dislike the English voice acting, it has Japanese voice acting available.Only issue I can say is maybe the lip syncing isn't great in English, but nothing too bad."
,Recommended,282900,16506626,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hana,Nep 9/10Nep Nep 10/10Top Nep! 11/10Good Game With RiceBest Quickscope Simulator In Store Dont miss :^)
,Recommended,282900,30576094,Posted: 17 March,all,ManDynasty,"This was my start in the Hyperdimension Neptunia series. I bought it, because i´ve seen waifus and nerdy things. At this point i really didn´t know what i was going to get. And now after 80 hours of gameplay I can say that:Hyperdimension Neptunia is an JRPG occuring in a nerdy animu world, but still having very nice unique rpg elements. As a gamer i can relate to many of the foes one encounters and that makes this very enjoyable. This game fulfilled my desires of animu, comedy and gaming. Still it demands a lot of grinding if you want to achieve everything (normal steam achievements are very doable nevertheless).Just make sure you like RPGs, animus and nerdy things in general, then Hyperdimension Neptunia is the game/series for you. I´m already looking forward to play the next games of this series."
,Recommended,282900,34646360,Posted: 31 August,all,Arinori,"So I bought Re;Birth1,2,3 a long time ago.Game is really awesome and I had a lof o fun with this game.Pros:+Adorable 19(with dlc) Characters+Storyline+Sense of Humour+Funny moments+a lof of dungeons+Endings+Plans for items+Opening ThemeCons:-Camera rotationI made 100% achievements and I'm really glad I bought this game . Time to start Re;Birth 2"
,Recommended,282900,35504625,Posted: 5 October,all,Ｄａｎｋｙｙ 〜,"Super animoo game for super animoo players.Combat 6/10 needs more lewd stuff.Waifu rating 9/10 could of had better curves but gr8 animoo personality.Story 5/10 you don't play this game for the story, you play it to play with your waifus >;) <3Overall 8.5/10 would definitley recommend to horny teenage boys who love animoos like I do.No I am not a weeaboo♥♥♥♥♥♥off ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198079677541,Recommended,282900,15419604,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Crisis,"Tsundere with pigtails: CheckKuudere with small breasts: CheckBig boobed tall lady with a gentle personality: CheckMain character who breaks 4th wall...Alot. (Sings the level up theme song when she levels up): CheckVideo game companies represented as playable girls (Marverlous, Namco, etc.): CheckCameos from other Hyperdemension games as playable characters: CheckWeird and Awesome monsters: Check (However most of them are copy and pasted or pallette swapped.)Boss battles among the main characters: CheckDungeons which most are copy and pasted: CheckNew game +: CheckLots of pudding: CheckIf you are into these things go and buy this game, if not, I wouldn't recommend this game."
,Recommended,282900,14237694,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kalcour,"Game wasn't out for 3 hours and people already had the Plat Trophy, 1st day DLC issues that were fixed in just a couple hours, and people aren't complaining about the little stuff.10/10 Nepgen CommunityTo quote Imcute""GET THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;"
,Recommended,282900,18929834,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Angelic Nova 川,I can say I loved this game so much. Fight is like FF but in a much cuter graphics and better gameplay and cute story and so on I can say that everthing in this game is cute. There are no main male character at all but you'll get used to it
76561198117508130,Recommended,282900,14237489,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Astolfo,Nice game
,Recommended,282900,14237352,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,FAFSA,Epic AND For The Win. A Rare Combo THese Days..
,Recommended,282900,14403505,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Polly,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a game that, while flawed in some critical areas, can still manage to win over players with its sheer amount of charm and character, videogame reference-based humor, and a solid set of combat mechanics.The story is loosely based on the Console War, with cute anime girls playing the roles of goddesses to landmasses that are based on Sega, Nintendo, Microsoft, and Sony. The idea is neat, but the environments never really truly capture the ""spirit"" of any of the companies being represented and there's a real lack of creativity in bringing these lands alive in that respect. Which brings me to the game's biggest issue: Its lack of variety in locales and recycled dungeon designs. You'll see nearly every type of environment in the first 5 or so hours of the game, and from there, almost nothing but repeats, which will also be the case for most enemies and bosses as well.Combat is turn-based and fast, and you're given a myriad of options on how you want to outfit your characters' equipment and combo loadouts. Boss battles can be long, drawn-out, and at times strategy intensive ordeals that rarely, if ever, require grinding to overcome.The progression in terms of the game's difficulty is a fairly balanced curve most of the way, with the player given many opportunities to tip the balance into their favor by either gaining a few extra levels, or utilizing the game's ""Remake"" system which can allow you to craft new items to buy, add more powerful enemies to duneons, and change what items appear. Again, there's not much grinding involved at all in order to complete the story, and most sidequests can be ignored if you so choose.The only real grinding in the game involves needing to run back through areas to collect items which may be necessary to craft new Plans you've come across. The game leans a bit hard into this system and it at times can drag things to a screeching halt, but again, beyond the basics and a few nice things here and there, you don't necessarily HAVE to engage with it.While flawed, Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a solid JRPG and will more than please those looking for something a little different in the genre."
,Recommended,282900,23911124,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Equinox💕,"I really enjoyed this game.I personally thought the english voicing was cringe-worthy. Sounded like they had their noses plugged or something ..Anyway, throwing the lame english voicing aside.*GAMEPLAY*This game is one of those GRIND games. You can beat it in around 24 hours but there are so many options, items, areas to unlock. Yes you can unlock(craft) options that change the combat and gameplay.*STORY*Lots of 4th wall breaks. Lots of references to other franchises. Lots of geeky humor. (what do you expect?).*Summary*I can't think of any Cons, the game lets you progress at a reasonable pace without grinding. It's just a long game.Lots of content so it's worth the price. It has well over 100 hours worth of gameplay. It also has a new game plus mode."
,Recommended,282900,21440999,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Anyrelle,"After falling from Celestia, Neptune meets Compa and eventually IF as she works to find Key Fragments that are spread throughout GameIndustri! Unfortunately though, Neptune has lost her memory and can't recall who she is. The story begins.What can be said good about Re;Birth 1... Let's see:Graphics and Sound is very nice.New ""Plans"" system. Allows to customize the game.Tsundere Noire. And of course other heroines. I love you all, girls <3The Japanese voice acting *О*Lots of parodies to games and anime :3Fight system not boring. Need to pick up tactics.Aaand... The dark side of the game.. Just a little.Control on keyboard. Yea... Very sadness. But i don't care. I'm played with gamepad. =w=A bit monotonous locations.I ultra, mega, quantum, pudding, omega, eternal recommends this game. ^^10 Nepu-Nepu/10"
,Recommended,282900,33663383,Posted: 19 July,all,Omae wa mou Shinderu,Damm best JRPG with a steam's anime meme of all timenep/420
,Recommended,282900,14256474,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Laiyenu the Bloodgaru Queen,"One of the most fun Jrpg's I've played in a long time.Pro's-Fun characters-Engaging battle system-Music is great-Story is amusing with all its references / parodies-Dress up elements-Theres a Yandere Healer.-Dual Audio (english / japanese)-Panty shots of some characters even when your not even trying and they are just standing still.-Con's-Cannot be set to 1920x1080p by itself. (NOTE: This is easly changed by setting your desktop resolution to 1080p and selecting Fullscreen option in game)-Sometimes the characters talk to much in battle, hearing the same quotes over and over (mainly due to when a characters action is done and it moves to your next one the last characters speech is still going.) Can be annoying if you make your actions quickly. Would be better if they had more than 4 quotes for healing / attacking / getting hit.9/10 Would bang again."
76561198049369893,Recommended,282900,14251863,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Bakahou,"I had never played the previous games because I did not have the consoles but I am enjoying it so far!Had a few problems with msvcp110.dll but going through the forums helped me fix it.Visuals are nice and voices come in both English and Japanese which is awesome.Sadly the resolution is limited to 1600x900 on windows mode but I believe IF! was trying to fix it so we will have to wait.Also, I wished I had a controler to play this with but oh wells; what can I do.And overall I believe this game is a good buy if you like this kind of genre.edit: resolution has been fixed to 1920x1080 so more credit to IF for fixing their previous errors"
,Recommended,282900,27186023,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝AmnesiA⎠⎞,"This game isincredible. Ever since I saw some fragments of it and the anime, I really wanted to give it a shot, and finally when I bought it in the Summer Sale, I started to play it.To be honest, I really did not expect it to entertain mesomuch. It's one of the best JRPGS out there, just like trail of the sky etc. Which is something I really wanted to play for a long time since I will never buy a console just to play a few games.But of course, just like any other game, it has bad things: They didn't make enough effort for the fragments, it was just like those light novels, characters on right and left side speaking and barely moving, which is weird because there was a fragment in the beggining in which they made a 3D scene, which was really well made. and it would've been so much better if they did that with all of fragments in which the characters speak; I will never say characters diversity is bad, but... it had quite too many characters; The game has a shop in which you buy items and equipment (duh), and... There are some things that are justWAY TOO DAMNEXPENSIVE, like... 5KK - 10KK € (no the game's currency is not €, I just don't remember it...); And lastly, what saddens me the most... The game fell to the DLCs industry.. (remember the good times when they used to sell completed games? good times...), and they're quite unbalanced, they add a bunch of stuff, but the most important is that you get to play with more characters and you unlock more dungeons. I don't really complain with the characters, I actually like it. But you know... It'd be much better if you wouldn't need to pay for them. And the thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, the dungeons, holy hell, the monsters were...TOO DAMNOVERPOWERED, with the DLCs, the maximum level of the characters goes from 99 to 999, and you have no chance to beat them unless you get to a very high level.Summarizing... The game isawesome, the bad things it has can be forgiven, I cannot wait to play the other games!!Overall Score:9.25/10"
,Recommended,282900,14299900,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Squire Zed,"No comment. Stop judging me. If you haven't played this, you can't judge me."
,Recommended,282900,14237205,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Radek,"The game in general is incredibly well written and designed, with a rather progressive skill system that often leaves you wanting more. The Art is amazing, as well as the voices in both Japanese and English, although it isn't fully dubbed. Combat is turn based but still decently paced if you want it to be, with flashy skills and abilities for eye candy. Graphics are what you expect from a Vita port, not bad but nothing top notch.The port does have it's problems, a few crashes (to be patched, I assume), resolution is not 1920x1080, and settings aren't saved(yet).Overall the problems in this game are an inconvenience at worst, and minor ones at that.Definitely recommended for a bit of light playing, and  especially for those who are in to the general moe culture of Japanese entertainment and visual novels in general.Being a diehard fan of the series myself10/10, would Nep again."
76561198096057105,Recommended,282900,14542559,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Hikaru,"A great game, fun to play.Noire Best CPU10000000000000000/10"
,Recommended,282900,15724652,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Cocoabine,"8/10 - Light-hearted, colourful and packed full of collectibles, video game quotes & references - this game is an enjoyable romp into well-trodden JRPG territory."
76561198044898719,Recommended,282900,32032792,Posted: 28 May,all,Bwarff,Pudding/20
,Recommended,282900,22289755,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,urçaklıt takes a break,my mum saw me playing couple of times and said she could set me up with one of hers friends daughters if I'm that lonely..
,Recommended,282900,22657357,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth 1 is a JRPG that throws away any serious story for nothing but references and jokes yet still manages to be somewhat enjoyable.Now the story is as generic as you can get; the main character Neptune is a goddess that fell from the sky, hit her head really hard and has amnesia. Along the way she meets other characters that join her party trying to help her get her memory back, some of these characters are other goddess's that before they met Neptune all hated each other but they learn to get along. There's a bit more to the story than that, but that's basically the gist of it; Neptune literally takes any serious tone and throws it out the window every chance she gets and at first it's funny but eventually it just gets old.This game is broken up into eight chapters; typically the order of events goes story, look at new items at the shop, view world map events, go to newly revealed dungeon and repeat all of that. What helps to shake this up a bit is when you're in the dungeons you can freely roam around and instead of getting into random battles you see the enemies roaming around just like you are. When you come in contact with an enemy it starts the encounter, but you can also attack them instead of touching them to get the advantage and have your party members start off the fight. When you're in combat you'll notice right away you can freely move around within the specified circular area, this is the combat zone and you're enouraged to keep your party spaced apart because enemies can hit multiple targets but so can you. Though you can move each character around individually the combat is turn based, so once you move you have to attack or skip your turn; there are three types of attacks that all build your .EXE meter (Which is basically your super meter). Each attack type has different properties, rush type attacks generally do little damage but hit a lot of times in one action and they're used to build the .EXE meter, power type attacks do tons of health damage in usually one swing and don't build .EXE meter very well nor do they do a lot of guard damage, and lastly break type attacks are used for destroying your opponents shield and don't do much health damage nor build .EXE meter that well. You'll also unlock special abilities like heals, spells, or buffs that use SP as your characters level up so you can have defined rolls for each party member like healer, damage, support. Aside from healing when you're low on health there really isn't a lot of strategy involved in the combat, build .EXE meter when you don't have any to use super moves at the end of combos, destroy enemy shields with break attacks than spam power attacks to finish the fight. This game also has a ton of plans you can complete and if you go after all of them it'll take a considerable amount of time, they generally add a new piece of equipment or an accessory you can purchase from the shop but some of them change enemy types in a dungeon or give you more experience/credits from fights.The soundtrack wasn't that bad, I wouldn't say it's anything memorable; but it really fit the game and some of the tracks were quite catchy.Though it might have an alright soundtrack this game's graphics aren't anything worthy of praise, the character/enemy models look alright but the environments are really uninspired. Each dungeon has a ""theme"" and each of these ""themes"" has about 3 layouts that don't change and look identical to the others in the same ""theme"".I would recommend a purchase to any fan of JRPGs that really enjoy grinding because that's honestly all this game is, a massive grind fest from leveling up to farming materials for plans to get stronger items or unlock optional dungeons. If you're not a fan of JRPGs or if you're not into very grind heavy games than I'd say either get this on a very good sale or skip it all together because there honestly isn't an intriguing story to keep you hooked if that's what you're after."
,Recommended,282900,33643726,Posted: 18 July,all,秋に寂しき者,Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep ！
,Recommended,282900,25399144,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Shielder of Serenity,Cuz Tangerines Kick♥♥♥♥♥10/10 Game.
,Recommended,282900,14235659,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Misaka Mikoto,"If you don't like little girls turning into game-themed mecha women, then this isn't for you."
,Recommended,282900,15253935,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,F'rynn,Finally finished this game :3I can say i'm pretty suprised since i played the original Hyperdimension Neptunia on PS3There are so much differences between that and Rebirth;1The Pros (   OwO ) / :Good GameplayStory is pretty good and somewhat funnyTons of Playable Characters or Waifus :vItem and Optional DungeonsPlan System [ Item Creation ]Eng-Jap VoicesThe Cons (   -_- ) / :Bosses can be pretty hardMonsters that had the same design with a different name and statsLooking for ingredients for an item can be a pain ._.Buy if   : You like JRPGDont if : You are looking for an RPG with somewhat a serious storyline
,Recommended,282900,19401422,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nacho Bitch,"I always saw my weaboo friend George at my school play this on his ps vita in the corner of my classes, so when I saw this game on sale for 6 bucks on the black friday sale I said ""Why the ♥♥♥♥ not?"" Needless to say, I spent my entire thanksgiving ignoring and not bonding with my family just to play this game in offline mode (so that I dont bring shame to my online friends too since ive had over 50+ on this game already, so thank god for offline being a thing) . Anyway 10/10 would ignore important family events to level up cute anime waifus!"
,Recommended,282900,22437306,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,∮Ñ ๑ î r ∈ ♫,"Having almost completed every accomplishments, I think that giving a review for fresh players should be a good thing to do, lets put features of this game into a summary:Pros+ Long, funny and shallow storyline, 2 endings for us to choose, 20-30 hours for a walkthrough.+ Unbeatably cute characters which can instantly make you addicted on this game.+ Features different types of weapons, items and crafts, making players stonger constantly.+ Cute CGs.+ Immersive soundtracks.+ Reasonable training system.Cons- The only little flaw is that there are too many items players can miss,mostly important for achievement accomplishments, the only cure is to start a NG+ or to reload a saved checkpoint, and the only way to prevent this is to read achievement guides. Of course, if you do not care about the achievements, it’s fine, but for those who do care, they have lots of works to do.I will hereby try to cover as many aspects and features as I possibly can:This product is also called HDN re birth 1 for short, as a tactical role-playing game, players take control of 3 characters in the front line while keeping 3 others as reserves in the rear. With different combinations players can create their own strategy, when facing challenging foes or bosses this can evidently prove helpful. However, you can defeat the bosses that are powerful more easily if you just train your characters, augmenting several levels. But a strategy is still recommended as it entertains your intelligence, this is also the point of playing games with identic genres.Now let us see its in-game equipments, including weapons, items and crafts. Weapons here varies a lot, this keeps upgrading your character’s attack output in general. As to items, the system of HDN re birth 3 also keeps track on your level and gives you different items that you might need in different situations. Healing potions for instance, varies from 1000-10000 points and 30-100% of healing, these potions can be used for high level or low level characters depending on their efficiency, as far as I’m concerned, this feature is also found in other role-playing games, but since I haven’t experienced many so far, I still pointed it out. Furthermore, crafts, or plans as named in this game, are very important features, plans are your best friends, they can unlock powerful weapons, useful items in addition to many dungeon maps.About CGs and Soundtracks, both are well designed, although nothing extraordinary, they do make the players immerse into the game. Especially CGs, they actually did point out the funniest and important events into a more specified way.Thank you for reading this review up to here, I hope that this helped you a bit, however, if you find anything interesting in any of my explanations or introductions, I suggest you to give this game a try ^^, be aware that you might get addicted very soon …… ^.^."
,Recommended,282900,35003038,Posted: 16 September,all,awoo rgbgamingcarpet.xyz,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,282900,23462169,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Nia,"I love this game to death, but I've sadly milked It, I played It to much...In so little time...cough cough..If you like games, you should buy It, and dive Into the hype for Megadimension."
,Recommended,282900,14235840,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,John Hayabusa,"Pros:-Updated 3D graphics-Smooth frame rate-Reasonable price with a great release week discount-You can switch between ENG and JP voices during cutscenes AND battles-A PC game about Console Wars-Kawaii!Cons:-Background/character sprites have low resolutions-Controller-dependent and poor keyboard mapping-Almost no graphics settings at allOverall, it is a decent port. Thankfully, you can costumize the controls for the keyboard. It is so wonderful to see the Nep games coming to Steam. More moe and kawaii love!"
,Recommended,282900,14417099,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kasane,"As being introduced into the series, I've found the battle system really intriguing and quite enjoyable. Along with the funny humour and the great gameplay, I cannot wait for the Re;Birth 2 to be released onto PC.Although the game was buggy and crashed constantly at first, simply required to be put into Windows XP Service Pack 2 compatibility to fix all the problems.9/10"
,Recommended,282900,33161292,Posted: 2 July,all,Xenon,NepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepuNepu
76561198246281932,Recommended,282900,21742619,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lagomorphic Fiend,I love little girls they make me feel so good
76561198040797840,Recommended,282900,14762867,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DarkQuasar,This is a fantastic and fun JRPG with true turn-based combat and a great visual style. It's exactly what I want in a modern JRPG - it has an old school feel with modern gameplay. Very much looking forward to the next installment (or three) to be released on Steam.
,Recommended,282900,14238193,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,iluvOP,"A cautious recommendation.As always with games like these, the bad kind of weebs ruin the review section with their fanboyish sheit so heres the stuff you really want to know.Hows the port?Its barebones, no graphics options, some key rebinding which is really badly designed. You'll want to use a controller, I use a PS3 controller through motioninjoy and I have no issues with it. You have to select it in the game menu as usual before it works.The game is NOT 1080p, the resolution goes upto 1600x900 I think, but when you play fullscreen, it upscales it and the game itself looks fine enough. The character sprites in the VN style dialogue sections show a bit of annoying blur, same as the 3D ingame stuff, but nothing too bad. Considering the art style, its tolerable, but not excusable. The devs need to fix this sh*it, its 2015 and we shouldnt be getting ports from the year 2001. (then again the past year has been a bad year for PC gamers, what can I say)I cant seem to enable DSR either so downscaling the game as far as I know, is not possible. Correct me if Im wrong though.The game itself is your typical weeb am I kawaii uguu desu-fest with mild fanservice, clunky animations, lots of fourth wall breaking dialogue and fun/cute characters. Just a word of warning if you dont know what you are getting into, but as always. If you DONT know what you are buying, dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy it you nerd.If you are a filthy disgusting weeb like I am, you will love it despite its shortcomings. It feels a lot like trinity universe, but the combat and exploration is much much much better. Even uses some same menu sounds.The devs seem willing to do something about the issues in the game and quickly patched in some of the issues. I would still appreciate a proper 1080p support. Its the bare minimum that a PC game should have. Dont be such lazy hacks."
,Recommended,282900,14545420,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Plasma Soul X,"Transforming girls that morph!?Pros:+The game is all around good.+Story is fun. (Nice to see a not so deep RPG.)+Art style is nice, nothing original but nice.+Characters are very entertaining.+Costumes! (Yes this is a pro for me, shut up!)+Interesting battle system, nothing super original but what it takes from other games is really good.+The port isn't amazing but it's still better than most ports out there, hell even AAA games aren’t this decent.+Option menu is decent for PC.+Runs in 60FPS. (Or at least tries)+1080p support. (Not perfect 1080p it’s upscale)+Fully rebindable keys/controller with the ability to bind 2 buttons to one function.+Mouse controls and mouse controlled menus.Cons:--The game is short with a lot of filler and grinding. (If you’re into that it’s that fine, I was)--Battle system is good but can get repetitive. (This is just an average thing for RPGs)--New game plus doesn’t give your whole party back; you have to get them back through the story again. Not the DLC and unlocks though. (This is really annoying to be honest)--True ending is a bit of a pain to get without look it up. (Nothing to bad, at least it wasn’t like Agarest: Generations of War)--Voicing can get annoying due to very little quotes recorded. (Nothing to serious but when you’re angry at an optional boss some quotes will make you mad as hell.)--No graphic settings other then resolution. (Not a big deal)--Frame drops across the board. (At least for me, nothing below 30FPS though)Conclusion:I actually enjoyed this game quite a lot, which is suppressing because I’ve heard and read that the original PS3 version was just terrible. I can honestly say that Idea Factory did a damn good job upon this game plus the port was big surprise, I was ready for another Dark Souls port.Disclaimer:I like anime… so take that as you will."
,Recommended,282900,28583235,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,💀Bonebiter💀,"Let's be honest here, Nep-nep was the best part of this game."
,Recommended,282900,15260386,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DrK_Vanguard,It is been a long time playing rpg game and I actually enjoy itthe story and game system (now reach all character with lvl 999 and still playing and hang around)and lastly...... neptune my waifu indeed lol (uni also great too)will nepu again
,Recommended,282900,14303956,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Megaupgrade™,Very Entertaining and Addicting as hell.
,Recommended,282900,14235144,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Freelancer,Besides the codec issue skipping the intros and the resolution only being 900p this is a great game. Lots of content and interesting story albeit the story breaks the 4th wall a lot. The dialogue is cute and quirky and the voices are well done. The game doesn't take itself too seriously however it is a great JRPG that any fan of the genre should add
,Recommended,282900,14387488,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,perplexing blame,series has more best girls than any one series should have
,Recommended,282900,14349873,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,DeadlyMelody,Everythings in this game is awesome!!
,Recommended,282900,23893991,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nikol@us,Nep is Love Nep is life. You can't resist the power of Nep!!!!100/10 would Nep!
,Recommended,282900,14803111,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,[✭] Chisako,"I've read there is a PS Vita (or whatever it is called) Version of this,after i watched the Anime. And since i'm not really a fan of PS(except for a handful of great games) i didn't bother to look further into it.Then i've seen it on steam recently and decided to buy.So, now i'm about to finish my second cycle...and i regret not a single second or cent i spend on this game.if i had known it would be THIS entertaining, maybe i would haveeven bought that PS handheld just to play this. Oh, OF COURSEthis game isn't flawless, and considering that this is the first portfrom a handheld to PC it is still very good.(On a Sidenote: i don't get any crashes or bugs so farexcept this two, which could be caused by other things:- game freezes on entering fight, if the game session is longerthen 5 hours (going to main menu avoids that)- after playing ""League of Legend"" this game won't start untila reboot of the whole system (this might be caused by the other game though)if you can excuse repeating mob models and dungeon levels (there are still a lot of different ones though)and if you don't dislike some hours of grinding to get all the stuff you want, this game might be for you.another nice thing for the grinding is that you don't need to train each character seperately, since everyone (including not fighting ones) gets a share of EXP and you can exchange the used formation as much as you like to avoid ""stupid grinding"" and seeing the same things over and over.for those who already have it and have problems to farm the stuff you need try this:http://neptunia.wikia.com/wiki/Bestiary/Re;Birth1it helped me a lot, also there are very helpful guides in steam. i got all characters and most plans and equipment within the first two cycles. now i'm aiming for collosseum and costumes :3to sum it up:9/10 - this will be my first 100% cleared game in a long while (and i will buy Re;Birth 2 asap ^^)"
,Recommended,282900,14441270,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ASS,"Battle against visual novels, anime skeletons on magic carpets, and super otakus as you try to achieve the status of top tier loli in this JRPGDid I also mention that this game sums up the console war better than anything discussed in real life10/10Would console on PC againAnother note, while I was playing an anime loli told me that I can take her anywhere I want.......inside and outside........and I can hold her anytime I want.........11/10Portable PC for waifu confirmed"
,Recommended,282900,14301414,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Arkyance,"This is the best game. Game of the year. Animu, RPG, grinding, and console gaming on PC. Developers are bro-tier, and will patch you right up."
,Recommended,282900,21738827,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Wind Of Memory,Nep Nep!
76561198059510155,Recommended,282900,16480526,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,pellets,I should go outside
,Recommended,282900,14754477,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Crauza,It's dangerous to go alone. Take Nep!
,Recommended,282900,27856652,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Juhiofi,Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth 1 is a great visual novel & JRPG experience with plenty of 4th wall breaking and great facial expressions. The gameplay is smooth and the game isn't too grindy. Even the DLC items are well balanced and not too OP. I greatly enjoyed playing Re;Birth 1 and I hope you will too!
,Recommended,282900,28805301,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Yuri AF,You can play as an oppai loli who puts bandages to a naked flat-chested loli.
,Recommended,282900,31852420,Posted: 19 May,all,AgentPiman,"Really awesome game. The only problem I have with this are that plans are hidden in hidden treasures (and it's RNG based), so it gets very annoying. Otherwise, satisfying game, amazing cast of characters, and the large amount of references and humor gives most of us a good laugh."
,Recommended,282900,14243087,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Hotarun,+Fun turn-based gameplay+Only female characters+Good craft system-Recycling dungeon7/10
,Recommended,282900,21969572,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,LouLou,"It's a shame that such amazing games always come to an end.But other than that, I've really enjoyed myself!Rating: 10/10Alot of people would think that's because of breasts etc. But no.The story line, the characters, the gameplay and just everything in general, this really is a fantastic game.Will definitely play the other rebirth games in the future.I also hope Megadimension will come to Steam...People might call me a weaboo for this. But they'll never understand how great these games and the anime are.Hm...Now I'm hungry for some pudding..."
,Recommended,282900,21953392,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,THE MAN OF KEK,"I`m a simple man.I see a game with little girls and pantsu, on sale, i buy"
,Recommended,282900,21996522,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,scifigirl21,"Do you like JRPG's? Do you like anime girls fighting monsters? Do you like grinding away hours to the sounds of ""We did it!""?If you answered yes to any of these questions this is the game for you.If you answered no to any of these questions id say get it whilst its on sale, whilst you may not enjoy aspects of this game (I, myself, did not enjoy at all having to grind levels) there will be other aspects that might appeal to you. It has a cute story and hours of gameplay.Overall, would nep again."
,Recommended,282900,19815484,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Croiss,"There's a mini cat-girl who shoots lazers out of her eyes and is named ""Broccoli""'Nuff said.Actual review:Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;birth1 takes place in a land known as ""Gamindustri"" Where 4 lands are sperated and have thier own Goddess, You take the role as Neptune, the goddess of Planeptune, Who lost her memory due to all 3 goddess focused to take her down first due to her being the biggest threat out of all 4.Pro's:- Detailed characters and dungeons- Can be considered a Virtual Novel- Able to customize all heroines (Clothing/Accessories)- Make's fun of other RPG's typical and cliche moments- Combat is simple enough- Many Heroines to choose from ranging to 20- Great storyline overall- Breaks the fourth wall so much and executes it very well unlike other games- Has excellent voice acting in both English and JapaneseCon's- EXE Drive and DLC Character's (Mainly Plutia) are insanely overpowered- Ton's of dialogue, Can become annoying if you die alot at certain events- Grinding can become very tedious- Plans require alot of items and most are hard to get- Combat can become very difficult without grinding alot- Lily ranks are pretty much uselessOVERALL SCORE - 10/10"
76561198090590328,Recommended,282900,19884529,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Makoto-Chan,"I bought this game as an early Christmas gift for myself.1) Sure only have 2 hours in, but they are in non-stop awe-mazment.2) Told family to give the rest of my presents to charity.3) Didn't leave my house for family gatherings.4) Don't want Christmas dinner.5) All steam friends disown me, again.6) Convince previous steam friends to get game.7) Family disowns me.8) Doesn't convince family to get game.~ Hope this convinces you to get this game thoughR8: 64mbs/Nep-Nep"
,Recommended,282900,21629546,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Enrick,Allo tout le monde ses moi Mick­. C'est juste pour vous dire que c genre mon jeux vidéo favorie et que ses tout.Cétait Mick. a+-Mick 2016
,Recommended,282900,33307783,Posted: 6 July,all,[NN$]MCrusader,"bought this game as from the recommendation of a friend, who are the fan of the Neptunia franchise and as we, too, share similar interest within the same niche.It is basically a turn based RPG game, created by Japan, with the anime-style characters and artworks. Most of the characters are lovable and well-developed throughout the game. The mechanics and battling system, well they can't be considered as perfect as the game requires the player to grind considerably hard throughout the levels and the equipment(which is the essence of RPG game itself) and i myself stucked with maxing out my characters but the achievements is not triggered, so there's that.After considerable duration of playtime and going down as being the fan of Neptunia franchise, i have began to appreciate at how entertaining it is as a Neptunia game, as they brought up a story about Gamindustri which is a referencce to the actual gaming industry and the other references to other animes, franchises, movies, games are abundant which really entertained me.Overall, im looking forward to buy myself the rest of Re birth series of Hyperdimension Neptunia. CheersNep is LoveNep is Life"
,Recommended,282900,21655003,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Gupton Gamers,"NOTE: This is more of a personal experience rather than a review, and I'm probably gonna update this in the future as I go along.Update: I finished the game. Huzzah! The review is offical. Enjoy!I first found out about this games existince around springtime of last year, when I randomly came across a let's play video of this game by a youtuber known as Long Pause. While the video was good for a quick laugh, the game itself didn't capture my intrest. In fact, I would've forgotten about it if it wasn't for a Splatoon Gmod video called ""Squid-nanigans"". In it, the main character of this game, Neptune (based on the Sega Neptune), encounters an Inkling and.....chaos ensues.This lead me to do a little research, and eventually I had the motive to buy this game(but not at full price). Christmas comes around, I get steam money, it was on sale for 6 bucks, bought the game and.......I spent 6 hours on it and didn't touch the game for at least 2 months.Near the end of march, I decided to give the game one last shot, to see if I can try and find a reason to keep going. Thankfully I did, as I made some serious progress, and I realized that this game is actually good. Very good. In fact, It's surprizingly good.Pros:-The EXE attacks are amazing.-The regular special attacks arn't to bad either.-Compa.-The characters are chock-full of personallity.-The world of Gameindustri is based on video games.-The battle system has plenty of variety.-Compa.-Lots of side quests to keep one busy between major story events.-Foruth-Wall breaks. I like those.-Me laughing the whole way through, especailly when it comes to Neptune and her pudding.-Did I already metion Compa? What I'm saying is that I really like Compa (and Blanc, and Nepgear, and Noire, and Neptune, and 5pb who is my real favorite character but she's not in this game so Compa will do, and...).Cons:-The voice acting goes up and down in quality.-Some of the items in the shop are more expensive than they should.-A glitch that causes enemies to become self-aware and not attack on their turn.-The game in general can be hard without DLC or if your characters arn't at a proper level.-The simple fact that I had to rewrite all the changes I made to this review because my laptop is literally a SELF-AWARE A$$HOLE THAT SECRETLY HATES ME!Would I recommend this game? The box says yes but I don't really know. It depends on what kind of gamer you are. I mean, if you're the kind of gamer who's willing to look past the fanservice, likes RPG's, Video game references, fourth-wall breaks and a storyline that doesn't take itself seriously and focused more on comedy, or just really wants to see some of their favorite game consoles as godesses/anime girls, then who knows? Maybe this games for you. If you don't like any of those things, then get ready for a bad time(insert Undertale reference here).Seriously though, I need an actual computer."
,Recommended,282900,21722795,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Alenonimo,"I like RPGs, Visual Novels, Anime Girls, Video Games and 90's references. This game have it all.It's more fun than I thought it would be. :)"
,Recommended,282900,21742700,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lawn Mowen,All my friends made fun of me but that doesnt matter because i have nep-nep
76561198258961223,Recommended,282900,34956096,Posted: 14 September,all,massivered,"Strong gameplay and unique features make for a good time. Lots of replayability if you want it. The story is comical and not very serious. The locations take a back seat to the loot and craft system. You hunt down things to find things to make things to defeat strong things etc... I don't know if it was based on a foreign cartoon or not but I felt like I was missing out on the deep perverted lore a lot of the time-- this could be the curse of old age though. The game ran flawlessly without bugs. I recommend the game, but do not recommend your relatives see you playing it as an adult.  Good value at ten dollars or less."
,Recommended,282900,29866416,Posted: 11 February,all,Maledictam,"If you like this type of game, then this one is worth trying out. Just wait for a major sale."
,Recommended,282900,14235512,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,aya,so it was sold on steam for few days in japan then got region blocked apparently it was a errorvery sad that its blocked in japan very angry i was going to buy all the other releases but no.... ♥♥♥♥ japan they dont deserve nepu on pc they should buy it on the vita and pay50dolla very sad....sad...but the game is REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYY GOOOOOOOOOOOOD10/10would buy pudding and slip one into noire's mouthgame of the yearbest girls on steam :B1::noire:X:nepnep: :B1:
,Recommended,282900,14249026,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,MistahBoweh,"This game is far more clever than I expected it to be. The humor is sometimes hit or miss, but often a hit, despite the fact that most of my otaku cultural knowledge is second-hand. The basic premise, if you don't know, is that the console war is fought not with business meetings and product sales but with anime girls who draw power from their market share.Combat is turn-based, but it's the fastest turn-based game I've ever played. Transitions from one turn to the next are completely seamless, the AI takes no time at all to line out moves, your movement is resrtricted to a radius around you rather than distance so there's no cancelling moves over and over to reposition yourself and once locked in combat, your character will attack four or more times with an assortment of thirteen pre-equipped moves you can swap from on the fly, yet you'll soon develop combinations for specific situations that means selecting the given moves is as simple as the press of a button. Fighting something with a full armor bar you want to whittle down? Try AAAA. if its guard is at half so you want to mix up guard breaks and damage? Go for AAYY. Shields down? AXXX. Enemy is too evasive or you need to try for a crit? AYYY. There's no scrolling through long menus to find whatever it is you need. A little slower with a mouse if you want to click things, but not by much.You can also dress up your gamindustri (the actual name of the world in Hyperdimension Neptunia) lolis with a wide array of costumes, weapon designs and, of course, hats. This is steam. I hear people like hats."
,Recommended,282900,14234881,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Zashule,"If you are a fan of the Neptune series, this is a must have. Finding the original PS3 disc is a pain and costs a ton, and even though I have a Vita, Re:Birth 1 is still $40 and I have no more space on my memory card. I absolutely love that we are starting to get some JRPGs on Steam that were formerly console exclusive.The gameplay is turn based with a field, think Final Fantasy 10 meets Tales of Vesperia. The difficulty rises quickly and as with most JRPGs there is grinding involved in order to stay on top of the difficulty, which is a plus in my book.There are plenty of customizations available in this game, from attack lists, to outfits and weapons. Plenty of content to keep you entertained for 50+ hours, maybe more if you get the DLC that allows you to level to 300, not sure if there was DLC to let you get to 999 like there is in HDN:Victory.Obviously as this is day 1 there are some minor issues with the game. It doesn't have 1080p as advertised, it is 900p maximum. Some of the buttons still retain their Vita icons and a few in the tutorial are mislabeled. Controller support is wonderful using an XBOne controller, however the input seems limited to 8 directions rather than true 360 analog support.All in all it is a wonderful game that finally has made its transition to Steam. Definitely worth the $30, at $15 it is a steal."
,Recommended,282900,20016358,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,✨AskingForTrouble™,"THEloli waifu dating sim geimu, complete with over nine-thousand things to do and customize.  It's a pretty crummy PC port, though a few tweaks and mods clientside make this the optimal Nepping experience."
76561198201895776,Recommended,282900,30285022,Posted: 2 March,all,8SleepingCyber,"Let me start by saying I started this game two years ago losing passion for all things video games and going through hard times in my life. I looked at a guide to defeat Lady Noire. Now I have to say this is one of the most astoundingly epic games I've ever played in my entire life. I have played quite a lot of games in the past. Now let's talk about what makes this game great for a minute. Bright and vivid colours and beatiful art style. Excellent game-like music with high quality. Great characters and a fun and interactive story that really appealls to a young game playing or anime fan but in all honesty even if you weren't too into games or anime this game would still be great for the level of depth. It is truly a deep masterpiece. I honestly only really disliked the two posh, deceptive people who pretended to be gentlemen but all they were really interested in were the women's bodies and not the whole of them and they were really annoying as well. Despicable characters. What this game does is really give you a very unique flavour and viewpoint of how a game should be. Interesting, exciting, addictive, interactive and most importantly entertaining, fun and a great experience.If someone would ask me what game they should play I will tell them one of a few select elite titles in my viewpoint. One being Resident Evil 4. The next being either Fallout 3 or Fire Emblem:Awakening. The third would be this game. Hyperdimension Neptunia truly these three games are very close to my heart because of how each one is very unique and they really fulfill their potential as games. The most nostalgic game I could ever play is Pokemon Blue or maybe Pokemon Yellow since that was basically the first game I ever played or the first game I became completely engrossed in.If you ever question whether or not to get this game do not! It is definitely worth your time. Now because of this game and other factors of course I have become passionate about games again and have become more confident along the way this confidence being because I have started to love life and really enjoy my life. This may seem irrelevant but because of this game I have become truly passionate about games again. So truly you should buy this game and maybe you too will have a terrific, astounding, epic experience along the way."
,Recommended,282900,22499908,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Plutia,Buy it or I'll punish you.
,Recommended,282900,17051469,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ser Ritter of Darkwood,"One day, Jesus will wash away my weeaboo kink sins and I will return to being pure and not the kind of guy that hyperventilates over panty shots."
,Recommended,282900,28699031,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KirbyHatesGays,cute anime girls.
,Recommended,282900,14236670,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Neptune Ass Analyzer,"I bought this game for myself and six of my friends. Five of them hate me now, but one of them now knows that Neptune is the best girl.My dakimakura and I are so proud.Nepu/10"
,Recommended,282900,14536986,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Waddles,When this game first came out on PS3 i bought for the waifus. Mistake. I gave this remake another chance and also to support IF putting more of their games on PC.No regrets. Huge improvment with this game. Loved the whole thing.  Buy it and support your local waifus.
,Recommended,282900,16536981,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Enthony,"If you like grinding lolis, this is the game for you."
76561198209431201,Recommended,282900,34858512,Posted: 10 September,all,Flo453,11/10Noire best waifu
,Recommended,282900,28633098,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,< blank >,aparently one copy on psp wasn't enough
,Recommended,282900,14302156,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Laigerick,"Gentlemen, we are blessed to now be living in the age when Valve finally accepts the tastes and desires of its customers.  After years of yearning and struggle, Steam is slowly beginning to embrace its weeb populace.It is truly a great time to be alive...TYBG"
,Recommended,282900,25211110,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[Weed] Shelshocker,i love it...enjoyable...nice visual story with some comedy and kawaii moment..-cute girl (check)-more cute girl(check)-awesome battle system with some cutee....sexy transformation(check)i knw this game from noble senpai(lost pause in youtube)playing it...kinda awesome.that all i wnna say.. ^-^
,Recommended,282900,14264696,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Yumina Urnea Belfast,Nepoi needs more pudding. :)
,Recommended,282900,14234897,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,sushi,"It was coming out yesterday, then it was coming out tomorrow, then finally came out today.That's playing tricks with my feelings, man, been waiting for weeks to get this and now its finally out,  ♥♥♥♥ yeah.10/10 get this game, plebs"
76561198176355419,Recommended,282900,23928691,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hyper Mania,"nep nep time i,m nep nep fan- my favourite blanc and neptune- funny moments- many game costumes- but too much text- my score game 10/10"
,Recommended,282900,14273442,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Grumbling al,"This animu game was originally on the Playstation Vita and is a JRPG with tons of references to other video games such as Soul Calibur, Metal Gear Solid, Pac-man, and Final Fantasy. It's a very kawaii-desu game not to be taken seriously because the entire game almost feels like a parody, which isn't a bad thing. The voice acting is very well done, and you can switch between English and Japanese at any time. You will not go 10 minutes without one of the characters breaking the forth wall. The story is based on some war going on since the beginning of time called ""The Console War."" I know Blanc is supposed to represent Nintendo, Noire is representing Sony, and Vert resembles Microsoft. I am not sure who Neptune represents, however, probably theGame.Com. Anyway, they fight to keep the Gamindustry peaceful or something. The gameplay however, runs great in upscaled 1080p but only supports 8 directions if you are using a controller, unlike the Vita version. It is similar to Final Fantasy where you touch a blob and go into battle with 3 different monsters. You are able to walk around in battle, and use a variety of attacks, but it is still turn-based. When a character is killed, they will usually say something very funny like ""I'm still single!"" or ""I'll be back!"" Pure Genius.Very Fan Service-y Game! Highly Recommended!Just be ready to be called a weeb when your friends see you playing it.You will also get weird looks from your family when they see you playing this."
76561198068347804,Recommended,282900,14382438,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mog of War,Nep-Nep on PC.How could you say no :3
,Recommended,282900,14236929,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Purrdition,"Theme song is catchy, characters are cute, combat is surprisingly fun.Any of you play Quest 64? It's a lot like that, only good."
,Recommended,282900,14654846,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,C0mpa,Do it for Compa !
,Recommended,282900,14347444,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,BunbunMaru,"Really good.i bought psv ver and also pc ver.Nep is cute!if u are a japanese game's lover,just buy buy buy.cute girls,and also this is a good rpg!"
,Recommended,282900,28275804,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,phantom cum face,"Some people like ""clicking"" games, I like this game.I was pretty skeptical considering the high rating this game has (98%). I was really worried about the rating being cushioned by the ""anime effect"" that many other visual novel-esque titles have despite being really niche material. And it is true that it does benefit, but this game is fun without all the fanservice and references. Those things are fluffy little extras to a well balanced grind-fest RPG.The grinding isn't obviously pointless (its still a game), and there are active elements of the game that evolve and change as a reward for your grind. It is simple and pleasant.The references this game has are mostly sigh inducing eye-rollers, but they contribute to a really cheery atmosphere as they are ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere.The cutscenes will make you laugh sometimes, but other times you will be thankful there is a skip function.In a vacuum the story is pretty much exactly like every other generic JRPG, which in itself is just another reference.The characters are two-dimensional in every sense of the word.Some little things get on my nerves like reused assets; e.g., higher level monsters will have the same model as their weaker counter part with a different name(child wolf, wolf, etc), dungeons look the same with only slight path changes or extras, and some of the outfits and customizeables are just recolors.I recommend buying this when it is on sale 100%. If you are a sucker for anime tropes and cutesy fanservice you might be interested in paying full price."
,Recommended,282900,26094364,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Yodason,"Once upon a time somebody decided to combine a visual novel with a cliche JRPG. And so Hyperdimension Neptunia was born.This game takes place in a world where the console wars are made real and each console is represented by a scantily clad anime Goddess because of course they are. The story follows a colourful(and all-female) cast of characters as they fight to save the world of Gamindustri(seriously?) from the forces of darkness. The setting is constantly used to poke fun at videogame and anime cliches, and the characters break through the fourth wall so many times they might as well install a revolving door. You can also expect quite a bit of fan service. The questionable attire of the Goddesses is just the tip of a kinky icebergOn the gameplay side of things this is nothing special. You'll read through VN style story segments and then fight your way through dungeons full of treasures and palette swapped monsters. The flashy, over the top animations make combat fun but don't expect a design revolution here. It's your average JRPG on the gameplay front.So this game is basically the videogame equivalent of fast food. Not the most classy thing on the menu but still pretty damn good."
76561198122949049,Recommended,282900,32913419,Posted: 27 June,all,REAPERcas,Nep - Nep
,Recommended,282900,24308072,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Pizzaguy121,"It's a turn base RPG with girls.Funny story, I was actually playing the game and it was during one of the dialouge scenes and my brother yelled at how stupid this game is and the whole family looked at my screen and physically cringed.Good game overall"
,Recommended,282900,22052386,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,expert on that topic,10/10 has Pluto
,Recommended,282900,21744778,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Vanitte,Neptune's Pudding Simulator.
76561198271445434,Recommended,282900,21723796,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Aya,"TL;DR: This game contains self-aware humor, massive amounts of Japanese otaku culture references, ample fanservice, repetitive gameplay, and general memery. And neps, whatever that means. If this interests you, try it out.Somewhat Serious ReviewAs a bit of context, before playing this game I had only heard bad things about the Neptunia series. That its gameplay was bland, its plot was terrible, its characters walking fanservice otaku-bait, etc. I only bought the game because it went on sale and I wanted to see for myself whether these claims were unfounded.After finishing the game, I had to admit that they were right. All those claims above are indeed true to a point.Nevertheless, I enjoyed the hell out of this game, way more than any game I had played recently.This is because, despite its shortcomings, Neptunia has managed to create the most compelling characters I have played in a while, and I say this with complete sincerity. Each character is a caricature of anime tropes but they meshed together so well that I didn't even care. It was fun to see them interact back and forth about inane random Japanese crap while breaking the fourth wall with abundant anime/manga/game references. The plot is very basic, but I found myself continuing to play onward just to see what the characters would do next. The experience is similar to being on an anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing forum but without the virulent hatred, if you can relate to that. There isn't really any deep character development, but I still found the characters relatable and likeable, and this had nothing to do with the ""plot."" Hell, you could take out all the fanservice and It'd still be great (at least for me.)The actual gameplay portion of the game is decidedly lackluster. You will be playing recycled maps with recycled enemies using the same damn move over and over again. Luckily, the game seems to be aware of this and gives you a good deal of tools to combat the grindy experience. There are in-game mods (""plans"") that do things such as weaken the enemy and massively increase the rate your super moves (""ex drive"") charges. Furthermore, there is a skip-all-combat-animations button, that is a godsend for grinding exp and drops. Once you start picking up the pace, and reliably killing large exp ""dangerous"" enemies, the game becomes almost laughably easy. It'll take a while to get there though, so keep in mind that the early chapters are still a fairly large grind. Overall, whether you're going for 100% completion or merely completing the story as fast as possible the game caters to you either way at the expense of combat difficulty.The soundtrack is nothing special, and somewhat grates on the ears after a while, but it does fit with the upbeat tone of the game and has an acceptable variety of tracks. The voice acting however is excellent. I only played with Japanese voices, but the voice actors did a very good job of capturing the personalities of the CPUs. The game would not be as enjoyable as it is without the quality of the voice work.Finally, there's a good deal of fanservice if you're into that.If you're bothered by it, I will warn that it only gets increasingly prevalent in the sequels.In conclusion, Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a real love-it or hate-it type of game in a real love-it or hate-it series. There are some glaring gameplay issues and the humor is not for everyone.Nevertheless, against all my better judgement, I really love this game."
,Recommended,282900,21706585,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Yivvy,Pros:NoireHDD Noire (Black Heart)NoireNoireTsundere NoireCons:Needs more Noire10/10Buy this game. Nepu Nepu will be happy.
,Recommended,282900,21744598,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Joevanders,I hope more series
,Recommended,282900,21634885,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Exophaze,"PROS:>Well balanced cast consisting of A cups all the way to F(+?).>Soundtrack imbues gameplay with unforgetable bunny hopping music.>Timeless story of a nurse, bounty hunter, and goddesses who are thrown on the side because the DLC characters are better.CONS:>Took me 138 hours to take the perfect screenshot."
76561198052571988,Recommended,282900,21734673,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Nazgul,"This game is so kawaii that it turned me into a full blown weeaboo and I now have a body pillow of my kawaii waifu, nep-nep. desu"
,Recommended,282900,21666123,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,LegendaryLeo,There is not enough room to write all the best things about this game.
,Recommended,282900,21725386,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Indubitably¸,"Got like 100 hours of this game in offline mode because I was ashamed of myself.Now, I have embraced the meme.It's good to be weeb trash, my dudes. My mom isn't proud of me but that's okay, she isn't even waifu-tier.Speaking of waifus, they are plentiful in this game, my friend.I rate it 420/666, a perfect score for a perfect waifu.To part, an inspirational quote from a character in the next game:""Sometimes, not choosing is the correct answer! It may be referred to as 'harem' option!"" ~Red"
,Recommended,282900,25596378,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOLYONE,"A very funny JRPG with interesting concept, decent turn-based combat system, a lot of optional content and a ton of cool jokes about video games, anime and corresponding subcultures love you nep nep"
,Recommended,282900,30885217,Posted: 1 April,all,☯Shanghai☯,"I honestly really like this game, it's a fun rpg with adorable characters that likes to make fun of itself and other anime and video game tropes and likes to stab the forth-wall multiple times, I can understand why some people wouldn't like that, but I do. However I have some issues that the later games seem to fix.Having only three party slots renders some characters useless, especially status and mage characters agianst more difficult enemies and bosses as the most effective way to deal with them are just going pure power.There's also how the sisters are rather useless as you can only unlock them in the finale chapter (the second game being based around them), and depending on how you use the remake system, you can only make at most two plans, while you can have one of those be Ram and Rom and make one of the other two having two mages in a party of three tends to not work out well.There's also how most guides I've seen expect you to have the dlc characters, yes, they are 99 cents, but that doesn't chage the fact that I don't want to spend the extra money. I just think it's stupid how people expect you to have them because they're cheap.Yes, I know I complain a bit too much and as the first game it's to be expected that some mechanics wouldn't be too great, also, don't let that stop you from playing this game, it's still really fun and I loved it. The Nep community is also filled with some really awesome people.Really, when did I go from making joke reviews to being a slightly serious reviewer?"
76561198155357630,Recommended,282900,21880209,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Kwote,♥♥♥♥♥are nice
,Recommended,282900,18729874,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Red Ocean,"Hyper Dimension Neptunia Re;birth1 is a turn-based jrpg that quickly immerses you into a Fantasy world ruled by goddesses that are fighting each other for control of Gamingindustri. The story is very funny and the characters break the fourth wall quite often mentioning the player(you) and the video game itself; while even giving references to other franchises like Pokemon.If you do not care for side quests/objectives and only the story, then the game can be cleared in less than 10hours but if you want the true ending it will take atleast two playthroughs plus nearly all side dungeons. The regular trash mobs should never give you a problem but the bosses can kick you around a decent amount.At some points you may have to go back and grind some to be able to take some bosses on, if you cannot afford healing items or taking too much damage. The attack animiations are pretty flushed and the cinematics for supers are well done. Most of the time the enemy AI seem to just attack whoever is closest to them and does not use their own abilities frequently enough. And constantly clearing dungeons can get repetitive as there are no puzzles to solve, objects to interact with, etc.The game offers plenty of playable characters but you may only have 3 on the field and three on the bench at any given time. All characters can be customized by crafting/buying outfits from the stores or getting clothes in chests through dungeons.In summary, this game can be a breath of fresh air if you've been looking for an rpg with a little twist to it. And you can have lots of fun following the story and watching the cinematic attacks. I'd recommend this game if you are also into tactical-turn based rpg games. In my opinion it is not quite worth 30 dollars though so catch it on sale."
76561198043413254,Recommended,282900,19144511,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Yuno,This game made me love puddinggr8 b8 m8 10/IGN would play again ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,282900,19320457,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Yong,It is actually a really good game.
,Recommended,282900,20956250,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,throdi,"The game is actually pretty good, fight me if you think otherwise.Also, whether Blanc or Vert is best grill is still unclear, need to playmore."
,Recommended,282900,21942100,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Phillikun,Grind and Level up your waifu as you trying to look under their panties.
,Recommended,282900,20533161,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,HyperDimension Bliss,"HyperDimension Neptunia is a series that you will either love or hate. If you are not willing to look past the fanservice and suggestive aspects of it, you will not have a very good time. However, if you are willing to look past those, you will find a series full of well-written and developed characters and a large amount of meta-humour that is hard to not get a laugh out of.To start things off, Neptunia a JRPG. In the world of Gamindustri, there are four nations: Lastation, Lowee, Leanbox and Planeptune. Each nation is ruled over by a goddess CPU (Console Patron Unit). CPU Black Heart rules Lastation, CPU White Heart rules Lowee, CPU Green Heart rules Leanbox and CPU Purple Heart rules Planeptune. The CPUs reside in Celestia, where they are locked in battle to determine who will obtain the title of True Goddess. After hundreds of years of fighting, a strange voice suggests for Black Heart, White Heart and Green Heart to group together and defeat Purple Heart. They agree and send her careening off the edge of Celestia towards Gamindustri, during which she reverts into Neptune, her human form. After being found and tended to by an aspiring nurse named Compa, it is learned that Neptune has amnesia, and so she, Compa and a member of the Guild named IF set out across Gamindustri to restore Neptune's memories. The story is very lighthearted and rarely takes itself seriously. The characters are all well-developed and likeable, and their conversations often involve the breaking of the fourth wall to hilarious effect.Gameplay-wise, the game is relatively solid. It uses a turn-based system where you move you characters around the battlefield before using their abilities or using combos. Combos are composed of Rush, Power and Break attacks. Rush attacks are more effective at building your EXE Gauge, which allows the use of EXE Drives. EXE Drives are very powerful attacks that can be performed alone or with other characters, depending on which character is using an EXE Drive. Power attacks deal the most raw damage out of the three, and Break attacks are better at decreasing an enemy's Guard Points. When their Guard Points reach zero, that enemy will take around double damage for a short time.In addition to the three characters on the battlefield, you can pair them with another three who will provide passive bonuses such as more EXP or increased defences. When two characters are paired together, they have a Lily Rank that shows how much those characters like each other. As the Lily Rank increase, more bonuses become unlocked between those characters. Some characters can even perform EXE Drives together if their Lily Rank is high enough.In conclusion, HyperDimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is an excellent game if you are able to forgive/look beyond the sexualized aspects of it. The characters are likeable and believable, the humour is great and hard to not laugh at, and the gameplay is fun and surprisingly deep. I recommend that anyone who just wants to have a good time purchases this game."
,Recommended,282900,32778229,Posted: 25 June,all,Wi-SiWi,"Are you a ♥♥♥♥ing weeb and don't really have anything against JRPGS? If so, then just go ahead and embrace the world of Neps.If that is not the case, then this game is probably not for you."
,Recommended,282900,14507204,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,IF,"First of all. If you do not like any RPG, go out of here.With the remake of the first Hyperdimension Neptunia it is now possible to enjoy the series without having a Playstation. I am very happy with it.There is a really solid gameplay. Dungeon-selecting and a TBS-Battle-System with some extras. There are no random encounters. The difficulty of this game is not that hard.A system makes you able to add different content. For finding the right materials you can add dungeons, equipment, outfits and enemies or even change the strength of them. So you are able to change a part of the game as you wish.Like most RPG the focus of the game is the well explained story. Well it is true that there is a really nice storybut I must confess the core of this game is the humor. There is a ton of game references, which usually makes you grin.Character names, quotes, jokes, eveything is there.The whole story is explained with dialogs like a visual novel. There is much to read, but in the end it is always funny. Between the battles it is always relaxing just to read the dialogs.Nep-ko should really eat her eggplants, because they are so healthy..uhm nevermind..This game is one of the few games I really wanted to have for release. The price was really worth it.If you like RPG and are interested in the Console War in Game Industri, then you should buy it."
,Recommended,282900,15257155,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Silentman,"Full of stupid jokes and references, and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of anime fanservice, but surprisingly competantly made. Worth a buy if it's on sale and you're looking for a fun, brainless RPG."
76561198080670382,Recommended,282900,16573506,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hippocrates,"5 minutes into the game the Nintendo Wii called the Xbox 360 ""Thundertits""I recommend this to everyone"
,Recommended,282900,15265574,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Darkshield,"If you can put up with some fanservice, it's pretty fun."
,Recommended,282900,31230114,Posted: 18 April,all,wiz,Recommend to play this game+good story+good graphics+Grinding+pick your waifuBuy this game on sale and you won't regret it
76561197982847488,Recommended,282900,14592218,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,damblo2k2,Better then the PS3 Verison well worth every penny!!!
,Recommended,282900,15261566,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,pb,Glad to see this made its way on to PC.
,Recommended,282900,31185274,Posted: 16 April,all,Inktober,"Didn't really have any idea what this game was about when I bought it. I only got fascinated because of the cute characters, and that a lot of people on my list were playing this game, so I went and bought it.I guess it's okay. I love the franchise now because of the diverse characters. Only downside is that the maps are recycled, and farming for rare items is a huge pain in the butt, especially for those end-game gears dropped by the most powerful bosses."
,Recommended,282900,33943428,Posted: 31 July,all,493402212,It's funny and challenging. The characters are cute. The story is kind of confusing though... But this was my first time playing any Hyperdimension or whatever the series is called.Would I play it again? Definately.
,Recommended,282900,31525937,Posted: 3 May,all,þrìvãtéçällêr,"I really recommend this game, and I'm only 31 hrs in, and mid-way through the 4th chapter.  It is extremely fun, extremely goofy (at points), and a great game overall if you wanna sit down and watch as you favorite waifus gain xp by slaughtering monsters.  Game is 10/10."
,Recommended,282900,29498809,Posted: 26 January,all,Nya~~~,"This game has made me try new things. Since playing, I've learned that pudding is <3 and that naps should be scheduled every hour"
,Recommended,282900,15159079,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Lucky Chloe's Panties,Loli's galore what else do you want?
76561198072585055,Recommended,282900,19858008,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zulrag,Now i can nep all day. (take it every way you want)
,Recommended,282900,20269913,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,brzuu,"""Major graphical updates let you savor the true power of these Goddesses in glorious HD""this was pc port of a ps vita remake of a ps3 game"
,Recommended,282900,20395247,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DEHU,"Review For Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;birth1Review by:DEHUPros :- Good graphics- Funny Dialogs- Great Story- Good voice actors- Fantastic controlsCons :- too much grindingReview :Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;birth1 is a remake of the original Hyperdimension Neptunia for PS3 with better cinematics and new type of gameplay.Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;birth1 is about the console wars we know of today. The endless fight between Playstation, Xbox, Nintendo and now Sega.The nicknames of the 4 goddess are the color of the consoles like, Green heart is Xbox, Black Heart is Playstation, White Heart is Nintendo and Purple Heart is Sega.You control the goddess Purple Heart or Neptune that suffers from amnesia after a fierce battle between the other goddess that too her out. Neptune meets Compa, that is a reference to company that made this game; Compile Heart. Later in the game you meet IF that is a Reference to the publishers; Idea Factory.The game is kinda huge, and with lots of dungeon crawling.You have the ability to create custom moves with Discs and such. Every Goddess have a HDD transformation also called Hard Drive Divinity, that makes them even more powerful.There are DLC to get 2 other Goddess on your team almost from the start, Peashy(Yellow Heart) and Plutia(Iris Heart).The game have loads of humor and it's VN style is loveable.The only sad part is that, it's grind based. So you have to grind up by doing quest to earn Exp and money for new gear.Additional Infomation :Developer: Idea Factory, Compile Heart, FelistellaPublisher: Compile HeartGenre: Singleplayer, RPG, Anime, Dungeon CrawlerReleased on PS Vita: 26 August 2014Released on Steam: January 30, 2015Follow my Curator page :http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6858371/This review is written for :The Panda's Corner"
,Recommended,282900,14244000,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ahn 💕,"60fps Neptunia ~<3I shall say Nep-Nep,10/10 would Nep again~"
,Recommended,282900,31825401,Posted: 18 May,all,mihaelmiki1985,Waifu/10Dark Souls can suck its♥♥♥♥♥♥difficulty wise
,Recommended,282900,14351379,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Miku,Many waifusNever leave house again10/10
,Recommended,282900,19830439,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JoJozzeh,Makes you feel that you're in the game cuz these chars ain't playin around when they talk about fan-service.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=579845091Happy Nep-Nep Desu~
76561198071136505,Recommended,282900,32527701,Posted: 17 June,all,🅱️ eter,desu desu u frickin guy
,Recommended,282900,16114974,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Shana,Too much NEP!!!!I'm not even mad...neppity neppity nep nep nep
,Recommended,282900,16680635,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ThighHighs,Nep nep nep nep nep nep10/10
,Recommended,282900,14650275,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Homuhomu,10 Nepu-Nepu out of 10.
,Not Recommended,282900,33774273,Posted: 24 July,all,Duke of the Bump,"At the beginning, I found the loop repetitive, but enjoyable. I had to put some thought into my characters' strengths and weaknesses, some of the enemies were challenging, hunting down the item drops and crafting new gear was a decent enough carrot to keep me going. Then I reached the point where I had to fight the same battles dozens of times to get all the drops, and after a point none of them were useful to me. It took me 30 hours to get halfway into the game, and I was getting bored with it.Luckily, I realized that you can hold the left shoulder button to skip all the battle animations, which made the game go about 75% faster. My strategy had turned into using only rush attacks and building enough exe meter to kill everything on the screen by turn 2 or 3 every combat. I would occasionally have to heal, which is the most interesting thing that happened for the rest of the game.Of course, once I realized how nice it is to skip the animations, it was only a matter of time before it dawned on me that there was no good reason not to skip all the cutscenes and dialogue too, so that cut out another 20% of the game. The remaining 5% was walking around identical environments, fighting identical enemies, watching numbers go up, feeling dissatisfied about how quickly they were going up, and grudgingly doing the next thing I had to do to make the numbers keep going up. I finished the second half of the game in 6 hours.The best thing about the game is that it ends, which is more than you can say for most games in the idle game/clicker genre, but all I got for the $6 I paid when it was on sale was 36 hours I didn't have to spend thinking about anything else. If you're completely miserable and there is no alcohol and no drugs available, there are worse ways you can numb your brain for $6. Hyperdimension Neptunia is better than huffing paint, but just barely."
76561198000841849,Recommended,282900,14300087,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Miqunator,"+Decent story, it doesn't take itself too serious and avoids the melodrama that usually follows JRPGs+Simple and straightforward battle system, no unnecessary complexity that causes headaches/irritation (I'm looking at you Agarest)+Ok anime graphics, during the VN parts the animation is done well enough and the fanservice doesn't quite go too far+Iris Heart DLC character+Unlike the PS3 originals the PC port runs at 60fps without really stressing an average system. Those that have played Victory (the title that this game took most gameplay elements from) on the PS3 will probably find this to be the biggest plus, framerate on the console was horrible-The English translation takes too much freedom, much of the spark from the original Japanese dialogue is lost and at some places even the general meaning is changed.-Default controls aren't that good and you need a decent gamepad to play without hassle-English dub is lethal and a few of the Japanese voices can be somewhat irritating (Compa in general and a few combat lines from Neptune)Still one of the best JRPGs on Steam and the PC port seem to be working without issue now (unlike at launch)."
76561198089933978,Recommended,282900,34958067,Posted: 14 September,all,Plutie,BEST GAME. didn't know anything about the series but once i bought this a fell in love with them. if you like anime or turn based combat this is the game for you!
76561198034696378,Recommended,282900,20899412,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Yesseyevitch Tchoubinov,better than fallout
76561198042728652,Recommended,282900,16437040,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LaserHugger,"IF is love, LOVE"
76561197970257583,Recommended,282900,14465510,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Neptune  Zero,"The lead character Neptune breaks the 4th wall every other sentence. And she's funny about it.It has a fun combo system, funny dialog and some enjoyable characters. It is not a serious JRPG. It's a comedy, so keep that in mind.However it is a low budget game that is very grindy. You will fight the same monsters and play the same dungeons over and over. The way you unlock plans to reshape the gameplay and unlock items is complex and borderline absurd. But that is what keeps you busy in consecutive playthroughs as it is impossible to unlock everything the first 2 times through.Even at 50+ hours, I still have a lot of stuff to unlock. I'm sure I could spend another 30hours on this game if I didn't have to get back to the chores I neglected while playing this game."
,Recommended,282900,31928771,Posted: 23 May,all,MAGES,good charactersgood storygood game10/10
76561198074826647,Recommended,282900,14250286,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sir Millian,"Great RPG to be played here, If you aren't a fan of tropy over the top cute loli anime characters, then this may be NOT be for you however. if you are able to look past it, you will find a game filled with content to keep you busy, and funny dialogue aswell as decent customization."
,Recommended,282900,19256117,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Miyata Sayaka #Road2lvl420,"Fun Game, I give it a Nep-Nep/10."
,Recommended,282900,14243218,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Fadekyun,My relatives asked me when I would get a girlfriendI showed her Noire11/10 would shame family again
76561198147640386,Recommended,282900,30516767,Posted: 14 March,all,Chen,Perfect game to play with your parents.
,Recommended,282900,14254967,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Cantaloupe,♥♥♥♥ I played this for 7 hours straight..
,Recommended,282900,14525207,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,CreamyKira SuperiorServers.co,Now my first favorite Anime game! 10/10
,Recommended,282900,14362792,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Awoken Lemon,"""Hm, well I heard from my sister's boss's brother's husband's friend..."""
76561197990964142,Recommended,282900,14270059,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Hakumen,the grind is real
,Recommended,282900,14254802,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Trisomy 21,Nep Nep/10
,Recommended,282900,15401722,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Syn✯vion,Underrated game for an overrated crowd. Simply 10/10
,Recommended,282900,14435422,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Zelyan,"Some bugs to fix yet, but it was just released so I don´t mind because I thank they adapted this game to Windows since I don´t own a PSVITA or PS4.Quite funny since they break the 4th wall very often, the reference to other games... I just bought a Xbox 360 Joypad to enjoy it at its full.Great game, very recommended!!"
,Recommended,282900,22716704,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Harmy,"9/10, a good JRPG with good characters and a nice story.If there was one complaint I have, it'd have to be that there's no autosave system. I once got sent back over 30 minutes of progress when I died during a certain boss fight.Otherwise there isn't any real flaws I can point out. It is what it promises to be. It re-uses a few level layouts but that isn't really an issue.The customization was really good too.If I had to sum it up, Hyperdimension Neptunia is a game about grinding girls who you wish to grind."
,Recommended,282900,14394759,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Nitrocide17,"This is my first time ever approaching a Hyperdimention Neptunia game and to be honest, I had no idea what I was in for. I thought it would be a ""OMG LOOK AT THE BOOBS JIGGLE"" game. And let me tell you that while some jokes revolve around boobs and fanservice, that is not the main focus. Not by a long shot. I also played with a controller exclusively so I have no opinion on keyboard controlsThis is a wonderful JRPG adventure with well written, funny characters. The main character, Neptune jokes around quite a bit but knows when to be serious. It feels like an Anime that you play, in more ways than one. The combat is turn based but the attacks are flashy and pretty sweet to look at. Getting tired of basic attacks? You can unleash a powerful flurry of attacks using SP (mana/magic) or your EXE charges (built up from using any other action in battle). And as you level up, more basic attacks can be unlocked and substituted for your current attack combo.The story is quite intricate and complex, yet it takes it's time and makes sure you understand what's going on. The tale is mostly told in text boxes accompanied by lightly animated 2D characters. And by lightly, I mean they react to what's being said when dialogue is rolling and they sway gently when nothing is being said, so they they all feel alive. And the story is filled with plot twists and at any moment, a joke could pop out of nowhere, or the characters would break the fourth wall  addressing the scene or another character's behavior.Enemies all drop something upon death that is unique to that specific enemy, and the bestiary keeps track of which enemy drops what and what zone they could be found in. These materials are used to unlock items in the shop and complete plans. Plans do everything from modifying the game mechanics as a whole, modifying the items harvested in each zone and unlocking new items in the shop.The next few items are nitpicks because this game is a port from the PS Vita from what I understand. So i know that there may be a lack of memory left over for these details. and I'm willing to look past theseEnemy variety is new and fresh and the variety is wide. Some enemies will be the same in both model and texture exactly and the only difference visually will be the names. This trend isn't all that noticeable until you look at the bestiary. Certain enemies have a specific element attached. I found no use for the elemental attacks because it never seemed that I recieved a benefit from them at all. I know there was probably a system in place to address that but I just wasn't interested enough to care, since there was no internal way to know what attacks would be effective for each enemy (like final fantasy's Libra). Or maybe I just didn't understand the enemy's design hinted at the weakness, and I'm at fault here.Dungeons, stages, levels share motives and share styles. You won't notice it at first but as you progress through the game, levels will repeat shape and style with very slight changes and a new set of creatures. but they are mixed up enough that a return to a familiar layout isn't that bad.The problem with both of these nitpicks is when you return to an area to collect materials from an enemy, some of them look exactly the same. All run down factories share the same ""Bit"" design and skin. So the besiary keeps track of what you need.All in all, it is a fun freakin game and I highly recommend it to any fan of anime and JRPGs. 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,282900,15459514,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Travanoid,"A very cute anime-styled JRPG full of self-referential humor and the occasional handful of fan service.The game can certainly stand on it's own merits, with an interesting turn-based battle system and a difficulty curve that never feels unfairly hard or boringly easy.There are also oodles of side-dungeons, item crafting, and quests to keep you busy and entertained until the credits roll and beyond.If you're looking for a light-hearted JRPG and aren't put off by anime girls and fourth-wall poking (and sometimes demolishing) humor, this is definitely worth picking up."
76561197967209718,Recommended,282900,16225747,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Labertaler,Boiiinnngggg Jumpuuu
,Recommended,282900,24049962,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,★ CPU jMiller.,"I have only been playing this for a couple of days but I am really enjoying this a lot and that really is something considering I aren't one for turn based gameplay. I really love how Neptunia plays out, I love the story and the characters are adorable! Defo gonna be wasting my life away on this for many more days to come lmao"
76561198202856958,Recommended,282900,27974652,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lyautobot,"A game series i have liked for a while, purchased this on steamA) because it was in the saleB) a friend used to own this on their ps vita and i loved playing this every day before school (ha school)Is kind of confusing to get to grips with at first but once you figure it out its super fun!Is a rather long game (took me nearly 150+ hours on the ps vita version but it is because i kept dying and forgetting to save.)More of a JRPG / visual novel (very much a visual novel) so if you don't like the novel part i'd just forget itMost memorable character is definately tekken she is based on Jin from tekken which my boyfriend loved"
76561198108432140,Recommended,282900,32924828,Posted: 28 June,all,Nanami,11/10 Would play again.Totally didn't do this for summer sale questWould still rate 11/10 even if this wasn't for summer sale though.
,Recommended,282900,22403585,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,<TSB>life is joke,Nep nep nep nep nep nep pudding desu~11/10
76561198212970420,Recommended,282900,22158238,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dmsi,"Awesome game that still holds up. The game runs and looks great, and the gamepad support works perfectly like it should. I give this a 10/10"
,Recommended,282900,20311956,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,mmm wiener salad,tell me about banewhy does he wear the mask?
76561198016928021,Recommended,282900,15713217,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ZerpMagic,I found boobs in this game. 10/10. Solid game.Would reccomend!
76561198131887849,Recommended,282900,17674765,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hendere™,"Let me be perfectly clear. I have not played a Neptunia game prior to Re;birth and it's moments like this that I wish I had pulled my head out of the ground sooner.The first that got to me about this game was certain terminology such as the Console War, or CPUs. Which do not stand for Central Processor Unit, mind you. It stands for Console Patron Unit (CPU). The game's lead character Neptune falls from the sky after a brutal, yet thrilling, battle with other CPUs, Black Heart, White Heart and Green Heart and loses her memory. Accompanied by Compa, she sets out to recover her memory and rescue Histoire. Whom she refers to as Histy. This is essentially the rundown of the story.But how does it play? Rather well I must say. It's simplistic but requires a fairly strategic mind. As it is the case with many a JRPG you can't afford to just head first into everything. You need to be at least a specific level before can reliably take on bosses. Even then it's more than likely to be a challenge. If nothing else, I must congratulate the team at IF for putting together a game that's challenging and fun. But if you happen to be a casual gamer, the Remake System got you covered.The true charm of this game, however, is not the gameplay but its characters. They are all well-thought out and fleshed out very well. So much so that you can keep playing the game again and again only to expose yourself to the humorous spectacle that is Hyperdimension Neptunia.Overall, Re;Birth1 is game that's worth your money and more. It's got a ton of content just waiting for you to unlock them. 241 hours and still don't have everything."
,Recommended,282900,28779724,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,1n5aN1aC,"Although I love the game, and nep-nep is amazing, do note that it is a console port, with little thought put into cleaning the controls up for PC.Personally, the controls are unusable without significant remapping & using an external program to allow mapping of mouse buttons."
76561198081315586,Recommended,282900,24179722,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Admiral Ackbar,"This game is the ultimate fourth wall break. It seems to me that some people who gave it a bad review don't get the point of this game. No one ever played Hyperdimension Neptunia for the gameplay. You spend a lot of time with grinding in dungeons filled with weak enemies just to be able to defeat the next boss monster, because it took you down with two attacks earlier. Allthough the special attacks look pretty cool, the point of this game is that the dialogues are very funny and keep breaking the 4th wall constantly, also this game is filled with video game references: Fairy Fencer, Senran Kagura, Call of Duty, Tetris, Super Mario, Sonic, Metall Gear Solid, Starfox and many more games are refered here.So, if you want to play a game with good gameplay or great storytelling, play something else, but don't give such a great game bad reviews because you had the wrong expectations.If you look for something to laugh, buy it and have fun."
76561198004529716,Recommended,282900,32916146,Posted: 27 June,all,willo_dh,"Cute, fun, and very meta.  Lots of fanservice.  It's not a game for anyone new to gaming, but if you're the type to follow gaming news and tech, there are tons and tons of jokes about the gaming industry as a whole.The story can get cheesy, but it's the fun kind of cheesy.  And very very silly.It does get a little monotonous and repetitive, though.  The battle system is fairly simple, but there isn't much enemy variety.  As you progress, it's basically the same enemies in different colours with bigger numbers attached to them."
,Recommended,282900,14458848,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Local Deity,This was a really nice port.I did not have any issues with it the first day it came out.Playing with a controller is probably going to better than mouse and keyboard when trying to target multiple enemies in battle.Looking forward to more ports
,Recommended,282900,15275032,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,.                              .,"Going to get all the versions on the ps3 now XD. Great game that exceed my expectations for a Pc RPG. Which got me to write a review for this game. I usually never write reviews on games (because im too lazy and have better stuff to do such as creating playermodels for Garrys Mod), but this one is an exception. From the 6 badges I crafted, I got 6 Noire wall papers from the badges =D total $120. Rebirth 1 is a million times better than Rebirth 2. I hope rebirth 3 will not disappoint me like rebirth 2."
76561198046806847,Recommended,282900,14363462,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Abstract Nonsense,This is the greatest game ever made. Everything about this game is great. It has really good gameplay. The artwork and animations are spectacular. It has a good story with hilarious dialouge and characters. I put 27 hours into this game in the first two days of playing it. If you like JRPGS then you should most certaintly get this game
,Recommended,282900,17053727,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Chloe,"This game still lack of ""mystery"" quest or some puzzle, which is regular in every RPG. But still 9/10 for this ""kawaii"" game :3."
,Recommended,282900,14242675,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lillian,"I have never played a Hyperdimension game before, but was quite excited for this release, as I would really like to see the ball get rolling with more JRPG's coming to Steam (all of NB's ""Tales"" games and Final Fantasy XV come to mind...)I'm one who loves deep, emotionally-involved characters and an amazing plot, but have been able to shelve that here. I bought this the minute it was released, and am glad I did. A good, solid JRPG with a great battle system awaited, and it plays wonderfully at 60fps. An all-female cast is also a big plus for me, too.**EDIT**I own a GeForce GTX 660Ti graphics card, and as of a couple driver updates ago, within the last few months, a few features were added to the card. Among them, ""Dynamic Super Resolution (DSR)."" This enables the GPU to commandeer absolutely all graphics output, from photographs to non-DirectX games (like this one), upscale the image up to 4x of the current screen resolution, and then put it back to the screen resolution. The result? This game (yes, this game) now looks AMAZING, and with no drop in FPS (over 1300-core GPU). If anyone out there owns an NVidia card as good or better than this one, TURN THIS OPTION ON!! Trust me, you won't regret it.**Open statement to Japanese gaming companies: Even though PC games may not do so well in Japan, they certainly do everywhere else! And the performance with a good, dedicated gfx card is superior to that of consoles! Please bring all of your day-one releases to PC. They -will- sell.Can't wait for the next releases, Idea Factory! Keep 'em coming!"
,Recommended,282900,22227604,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,『Alphecca Eclipse』,I nepped so hard my monitor and keyboard was covered in pudding.
,Recommended,282900,16818583,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sumireko Usami,Awesome and moe. 11/10 IGN
76561198020291711,Recommended,282900,33306342,Posted: 6 July,all,YO,"This is a turn-based JRPG where all playable characters are waifus and are fully voice acted.Its battle machanics is actually pretty good. You can design your own combos and positioning stuff. Because this is a turn-based game, so you can always carefully think of your next move and next-next move without pressure. When fighting the first few bosses it might feel a little tough and you may want to level-grind a bit, but as you gain more experiences and get a grip on how boss fight works, the level-grinding process before a boss fight would be no longer needed.On the other hand, the story of this game is funny and relaxing, even though the plot is a bit mediocre.Conclusion:This game has waifus, buy it."
,Recommended,282900,33504232,Posted: 13 July,all,せ一えき,"I bought this game on a money-spending frenzy during the sale, but this game stood out for me the most. I instantly fell in love with the humor and savagery of the characters as they roast each other to a crisp. Storywise, it is a relatively unique storywith 3 endings for you to find, giving it some replay value. Gameplay is very smooth and interesting, and the intricate plan system for improved weapons and items gave me the motivation for the endless grinding that I did, and you would be doing as well if you buy this game.My only issue is the rather extreme difficulty curve in some of the dungeons and boss fights, most prominently withNoire in Chapter 2."
,Recommended,282900,14421805,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KaioShin,"This is a remake of a PS3 JRPG that's also available on Vita. I hear the original was a much worse game, and I really don't dare imagine how that was like. It's a cheap budget JRPG (new price was 15 bucks on launch sale) with emphasize on cheap. There are only like half a dozen dungeon layouts, while there are 50 dungeons in the game. So basically each dungeon is copy pasted 10 times with only the enemies replaced. The dungeons are super short too, you can run from the entrance to the end usually in less than 5 minutes. The storyline is also only presented visual novel style with textboxes and talking heads. Cities are implemented as simple menus. So you either watch dialogues or you pick a dungeon from a list and run through it. Really this game probably cost less to make than the PS3 licensing fees...Still, it is suprisingly fun. Combat is turn based with a bunch of systems piled on it, and there is a massive crafting component involving hunting monsters for materials and crafting plans to unlock new equipment or dungeons. And the grind is so extremely streamlined, you can breeze even through special bosses within 10 seconds by liberal use of the ultra smooth animation cancel button. There are also absolutely no loading times, everything appears and works instantly. So the grind can downright turn into a rush and feels very satisfying. Think the loot and kill vortex of Diablo, but as a JRPG.Oh also the story is a parody of the console war in the current game industry. The entire cast of the game is female with permanent fan service forced in your face. The main character is a personified Dreamcast and there are also Playstation, Xbox and the Wii present. Ofc the Xbox has the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥while the Wii is as flat as a washboard and gets extremely jealous if that's pointed out to her. At the start they are all mortal enemies but of course they eventually band together to fight a greater evil. It is in no way shape or form serious and constantly goofy and 4th wall breaking. I thought I would hate it but honestly, I think I prefer this absolute nonsense over yet another embarassing teenage melodrama or boring as ♥♥♥♥ Hero Alex gathers the stones of power to save the world from the evil wizard♥♥♥♥♥♥as you'd usually find in JRPGs.Mild recommendation."
76561198052647352,Recommended,282900,14442079,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Wolfie-san,"At first I thought, ""Oh no not another game that shouldn't be on Steam,"" but then a friend told me that it should, and rightly so. Got to say I'm enjoying it very much and would totaly recomend this to a gamer that has been around the block for quite some time you know. In other words, can't wait for Re;Birth 2 to hit the Steam store now."
76561198043061381,Recommended,282900,20963492,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,-Largo-,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a good, perhaps even great game, but it does not come without significant flaws. It is a bit of a rollercoaster between good and bad, and the bad moments are just as frustrating as the good moments are amazing. Whether or not you'll be able to forgive Neptunia for its flaws and enjoy it for the good it offers seems to depend mostly on personal preference.Unlike most modern western games that go for the lowest common denominator, this game was made with a clear target audience in mind. If you are not a fan of japanese animation in general, then you do not belong into this group and a significant part of the game will not appeal to you.In Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 you'll spend your time with two types of activities; dialogue in VN-style with animated sprites, and gameplay with jRPG typical turn-based combat.The dialogue is not very interesting on its own and mainly consists of ""cute girls doing cute things"". If you do not like that sort of thing, then a large part of Neptunia's charm will not appeal to you. But then again, you wouldn't be here in the first place if that was true, right?Then there's the gameplay. During missions and quests you'll be wandering around in so called ""dungeons"", which I'd just call ""maps"", as a majority of them are outside. These dungeons are filled with monsters, and upon contact, you'll face off against them in turn-based combat. The combat can be a bit hard to get into at first, but after getting used to it, it can be quite enjoyable. However, it quickly gets repetitive and killing everything in your way will soon feel like a chore. A few hours into the game, you'll probably want to avoid most of the ""trashmobs"" and then repeatedly kill boss-type mobs over and over again to grind some much needed levels for the upcoming event bosses. The bosses in general can be very though, they have a lot of health and whether you'll find them a pushover or unbeatable will depend a lot on your level, which makes a huge difference.The combat is surprisingly deep with many options for combos, finishers, super moves, abilities that come either as passives or as a bonus from other party members, and hundreds of possible bonus abilities from equipment slots, particularly discs that you can configure yourself.Easily the worst part of Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is the leveldesign. There are a handful of maps, like a cave, a mountain pass, a grasslands area, a warehouse, and so on. There are tons of dungeons in the game, and it just so happens that these few maps get copypasted over and over again. Many of the dungeons use literally the exact same map, along with the same enemies using a new color and name. Going through the same looking dungeons will quickly become a chore.The game does however offer a ton of endgame content with lots of replay value. If you only play through the story once and then quit, you'll miss a significant amount of content, although doing so is certainly understandable given the copypasted nature of the dungeons and enemies. About half the dungeons are optional, and you can spawn additional bosses in every dungeon through the use of a crafting system that calls those things ""plans"". There are more items in Neptunia than you could ever hope for. Most of them are crafted and require specific materials, including boss drops. Getting some of them is a feat on its own, but attempting to get everything possible is extremely grindy. There are optional party members, super strong bosses, difficult dungeons and amazing weapons/armors that you can attempt to get once your party has a high enough level.Another major gripe is the localisation. The translation is extremely liberal, seemingly in an attempt to ""americanize"" the game. The text box displaying something along the lines of, but still completely different from what the characters say is a frequent occurrence, to the point that it even changes the characters personalities sometimes. I did some digging around and apparently the localisation of this game is considered ""good"" by the community, which speaks volumes not only about the standards of the fans, but moreso about the quality of the translation of other games in the series.In conclusion, I can recommend Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 to people who like anime and/or turn-based gameplay. Despite doing many things wrong, it can offer an enjoyable experience if the things it does right appeal to you."
,Recommended,282900,21793222,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Froppy,"""I am the main character I cannot lose""- Nep Nep"
,Recommended,282900,21846498,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Caster,Big fan of the HDN series its very good game i would recomend if your into RPG's it has plenty of comedy to.
76561198120554202,Recommended,282900,22104369,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,supasnakekiller,"This game is guaranteed to give you: 1. Nep-Neps2. Pudding addiction3. Sudden craving for your Playstation console of choice to call you a bakaFinal score: Nep/Nep, buy now or face the wrath of the Goddesses"
,Recommended,282900,22014695,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ShoahSupreme,"I hope you like cute girls and turn based combat, because that's the entire game."
76561198020072042,Recommended,282900,21769103,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,lesliebond007,"Hyperdimension Neptunia from now my little precious diamond in my collection. As you see the hours i spent is only 1 playthrough with true ending. I loved it but before you think, there is no game that is 100% perfect.The story at the start is something you think you know all, but soon make one turn, and turn, and turns again, and always when i thought, ok, there is no more surprises, i had more. Before i forget, i bought all of the expansions, and i think you need it for the true ending....to make the way little easier. How easier? Not that easy, this game is HARDCORE, and i mean, really HARD boss fights, if you don't save often (save before every dungeons, and save after every boss(just leave dungeon, and save)). I checked lot of pages, printed 75 page faq on papers to have when i play, and still had times when was game over, and no, there is no checkpoints in the game, you need to save it. This is little confusing sometimes, and if i feel strong, and forget to save...i will have soon a boss who kill the whole team in 3 minutes. Other thing i didn't liked the targeting tiles on snow places. I wasn't able to find where i will attack even on my big HD tv!!! Those places that i really hating, you can't see the target range, and easily miss an enemy if you want to attack more enemy once. The game have lot of things like upgrades, outfits, item craft, memory increase, memory hacks, fighting hacks, stat bonuses, lily ranks (dating between girls :D no, you have bigger ranks by fighting together in the same team, but your teammate must be behind you in the party screen) Etc. I can't number it, and i have tons of things still locked after 1 full game. There is new game plus, that helps you, because gives your lily ranks, exp lvl, and all the plans that was unlocked in the past. But why i want to play this game more than once? First, there is 2 endings, true and normal, second, you will have the cutest ending in the games world if you make the true ending, that cute i just want to finish the game again to see again that. Also, there is unlockable characters, but thanks to an Exe drive system, you need memory to raise them from plan, and you can do only 2 characters in 1 play. This means i need 2 full play to have the 4 characters, and more important, this is the 3rd reason i will play the game again, you will have slightly different ending in the true ending if you have everyone. Other reason why i recommend this game, is the humour and fanservice. Its amazing how much times i had that much laughter i was dying :xD Its really great way to keep players out of anger that we have in boss fights. After this, i can't wait to play with the second episode as soon as i have time for it, and i can recommend this game to every players, who like good fights, or who love anime, or love girls, or love lot of humour, or love adventures. Lol i recommend the game to everyone who loves Pudding! :-P+ Super story first is not that interesting, but will turn ways+ Cute characters, you can only love and adore these girls and little ladies+ Super humour, fanservice+ Lot of interesting gameplay elements+ Long game time without feeling its boring+ Lot of hard enemies, that can give you hard time even after lvl 99+ Tons of attack types and skills to activate and use+ Cutest ending in game world if you make true ending+ Pudding :D- Boss fights sometimes too hard to handle, and need lot of tries, or lvl up to destroy them- Some dungeons had the same design, with different enemies. Its little annoying if im on different land- Targeting tiles on snow- Eggplants :D10/10 Would buy again at full price!What with the pudding and eggplants? Find out yourself, buy and play the game ;-)"
,Recommended,282900,21972816,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,CrazedColitus17,"Best way to start my 2 weeks off, Great game, Amazing and funny characters, A decent story and a great RPG, whcih I haven't seen in a while.P.S. Noire best girl."
,Recommended,282900,20296875,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Shin Haruhi,Nice story line
,Recommended,282900,19958916,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kevs,Would make an awesome MMORPG
76561197997124269,Recommended,282900,21112691,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PillarNexus,"This game has reignited my passion for single-player RPGs. It's quirky, it's not overly complicated and it's quick to play through.I would've never known about the game had I not discovered the anime in a local library (which I recommend, too). I'm looking forward to the next two games."
,Recommended,282900,20306619,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Yuki,i got one of my weeaboo friends to play this in class so it was worth10/10
76561198140074683,Recommended,282900,21233401,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Spitfire Mk II,this is my first impressions+ its a good story+ some what smooth fighting+ Big fan base+ dumb funbut the downsides (only for me)- lag in battles (some but not all)yes i would recommend this gameand no this negitive does not apply to anyone just me
,Recommended,282900,20320762,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,여자친구 소원,"so cuteso cute voicemuch girlsmuch boobsmuch wow""thunder♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;11/10"
,Recommended,282900,19744109,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,❤デコ❤,Kawaii levels over 9000!
,Recommended,282900,20082518,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tatsu the Farmer,"I played this game for quite a few hours....I enjoyed this game quite a bit. I would like to say the characters are just great, but the best character of them all is Nepgear. Although she has very few lines and only comes up under special conditions, she looks just flat out adorable that I could not resist myself to get every single weapon, outfit, processor, etc that is related to Nepgear.If you play RPG's and like cute/funny characters, this is the game for you. This game also has so many references that you cant miss them.Overall:* Do I recommend this game?.... Yes* Who is best girl?.... Nepgear all the way* Is this game difficult?..... not at all if you know how to farm early game, even if you have a tough time you can weaken enemies* Any last words?... THIS WORLD SHALL KNOW NEPGEAR!!!!!"
,Recommended,282900,20243562,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Volcano,"If you like cutesy girls, you came in for a right spot. If you like cutesy comedy, you come in a right spot. If you like rpg as cutesy characters, you definitly in a right spot! I love cutesy stuffs, I recommend for anyone to get it!"
,Recommended,282900,20325849,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,air,mother♥♥♥♥ing nepnep
76561198201590643,Recommended,282900,20507524,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Aigis,JRPG with cute anime girls with different factions fighting a war who is the best.. bad thing is.. You belong to one side only..PS: Please let me be on the side of Vert :(
,Recommended,282900,21903915,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Tako,"Only played 5 minutes and my friend was already wispering to my sister, ""He's a real otaku now""......"
,Recommended,282900,21828379,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Pain,"Pros-Only hot females characters-Support USB controlls as Xbox 360 and PS3-Can change language etc english to japanese, 凄いですね?!-You can skip ''boring'' conversation if you are lazy to read through everything what they are talking about-You can skip looking to your and your enemy's action during the battle. This save hell a lot of time for you!-You can decide how you want to attack with your characters etc rush, heavily damage or just trying to destroy AI's guard (defense) which you can just hit more than regular-Noob friendly game-A LOT customization of your characters, which can be questionable sometime... but eh the majority of us are guys right? ;)-TONS of references from other games or anime etc Metal Gear Solid, Final Fantasy, Dragon ball franchize, Dragon quest series, making fun of other game companies etceteraCons-Minor issue with battle system which your enemy may be idling or freezing when it is their turn during the battle.-During the story line you can clearly recognize many simulair ''dungeons'' or place which mean the story line may be little bit repetitive with different monsters.-Since this game have level system and is a story base one, you must expect yourself to level up your characters to moving through from the beginning to the end. In this case I'm talking about ''power levling/grinding'' your characters which may occur for hours depends how fast you are.-DLCs which may be pointless for most of us consumers.-The PC port may sometime be questionable. Don't get me wrong, because sometime is works very well and sometime is so awful horrible.-Too much stereotypes of female characters. An example is their own bodypart which may... be too big... You know what I mean, don't play stupid.My final verdict: 7.5-8/10.Time to complete the story line: 30-40 hours.This game is clearly not for everyone because some people do think this game may be little bit too disturbing with the customization etc buying swimingsuits for your characters. Besides that this game is very simulair as Final Fantasy: Crisis Core's combat system togethere with Final Fantasy 10's. You will enjoy this game very well and feel very satisfied if you are a true anime lover and don't have any issue towards grinding/power leveling your characters. If you don't like to grinding then DON'T buy this game, yes I repeat DON'T buy this game if you hate spending your times buy killing different monsters for money,item or complete a quest. I'd recommend you (the reader) to buy this game during a special sale."
76561198046440800,Recommended,282900,14594866,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,=FIN= Sakuya Izayoi ~Nyu,"Story based awesome fighting game with mix of comedy into it. I can play this for hours and not get bored since it's very addicting. Full of references from other games/movies etc... If you like comedy/anime/fighting/story in the same game, this is the game for you ^^"
,Recommended,282900,21739662,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ommageden,"I was skeptical of the positive reviews at first but this game is great. It has that mmo dungeon crawler feel, attacthed to the goofy comedy anime vibe we all know and love. granted ive only played two hours, but so far its been really fun.One thing i'd like to note is that this game really needs a controller. It is playable on K&M, however i'm finding it to be much less smooth than it would be if i had a controller. Its relatively easy to look past though. The english voice acting is also not consistently used throughout the whole game leading to odd gaps but whatever.For disclosure sake, i'd like to point out the game was $6 on a steam sale when i purchased it, which may make my review more forgiving than othersAll in all, if you have a controller, and want to have some kawaii fun with some fan service thrown in, get it. If you like final fantasy, or fire emblem, you will probbaly enjoy this for the change of pace."
,Recommended,282900,21742775,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,General James Longstreet,I could tell halfway throught the opening video that this was the greatest purchase of my life.
76561198173176339,Recommended,282900,21751705,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Flours,So first off the controls are confusing when you first start because it's basically designed for the controller but by pressing 'O' mid game you can quickly change them.-PVP is awesome-Leveling is almost the same as an MMO-Animations are cute and well designed8/10
76561198043310018,Recommended,282900,21755318,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Marco,"The most WTF game i played in my life, but its super fun!"
,Recommended,282900,21734131,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,i0nTempest,Dont wanna say too much. Nepgear is my waifu. THATS IT.
76561198015377395,Recommended,282900,21708543,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,StevieBond,"Arguably the best VN/RPG game I've played in a very, very long time. I immiediatly got hooked on this and the other two I bought through a sale. Neptune is the best fourthwall break character and the humour made this very enjoyable. This is definitely well worth getting if you enjoy RPG games that have a touch of visual novels."
,Recommended,282900,21719017,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Glenn,yeah because ... im otaku and i like everything from japan... until its ER*game this game is awesomewith a sci-fi and the girl is so ♥♥♥♥in' sexy .... i recommend this... ohhhhhh...and you don't need gtx titan to play these :3
76561198047013465,Recommended,282900,21737355,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,kurzarian,"Fun, cute and funny. If you like cute anime girls, bright colours, and gaming jokes you'll probably like this."
76561198174352289,Recommended,282900,21651945,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SnowyLicious,Add anime and Rpg games and there you have this game.
,Recommended,282900,21739690,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Captain Admiral,pudding memes and lesbians
76561197978226539,Recommended,282900,21656753,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ziffnil,"This games is the most fun time wasting jRPG I've ever played. The humor is on point. It's self-aware fanservice so it's not for everybody, but for those of us who love that sort of thing, definitely pick this up. It's very very grindy but the grinding is made less apparenty with it's ""remake"" system (basically item creation/crafting system). I've never felt the urge to play through multiple ng+'s but I think I just might on this one. Nepnoire and IF+Vert forever!"
76561198090382657,Recommended,282900,21738396,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Boskov01,"Just from 1 hour of gameplay, I can honestly say that buying this game was a terriffic choice! The game is exactly as advertised, a JRPG that takes various tropes and punches them in the face! The story is fairly good too. Otakus would probably understand what I mean when I say the game is like Hetalia but for the Video Game industry. The game's four main characters are all based on the 4 major gaming console manufacturers: Sega (Sega Neptune), Sony (Playstation), Nintendo (Wii), and Microsoft (XBox), and are in the midst of waging a war literally called ""The Console War"" in the world of ""Gameindustri."" Yeah, that's how this game rolls and thats just the beginning.This being a JRPG, the game has an opening like a traditonal anime and the opening is very good too. Be warned, the majority if not the entirety of the main cast are female and most appear to be the typical teenaged anime characters and there is some noticable ""jiggle physics"" on some of the characters. Just a fair heads up.Gameplay wise, keyboard controls are a bit dodgy. The game is meant to be played with a controller (which actually makes more sense considering the premice of the game itself) but has rebindable keys for keyboard. I recommend using an XBox 360 Controller (wired) as a fast alternative workaround.In terms of combat, the game is turn based but with an interesting twist. You can move the characters around within a certain radius, putting their target into a blue targeting box in front of them. You can target multiple enemies this way especially if they're clustered together. The enemy won't move until it's their turn too. One thing mouse and keyboard has an advantage over controler is that you can more carefully turn your characters so you can line up accurate attacks."
76561198089142932,Recommended,282900,21746227,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,NecroBanshee,My parents disowned me after playing this game. No regrets.10/10 would get disowned again.
,Recommended,282900,14233540,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Surma,Cute girls doing cute things. 10/10
,Recommended,282900,15264541,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,BaS5WaR,Even do it a remake of old games it deliver astounding and i getting addictedwith i have almost all Hyperdimension Neptunia francise i still recommend this gameAnd it also have rumor that Rebirth 2 and 3 will also release in steam =]
,Recommended,282900,28589119,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hao Xiang Ni,Boingy~ Boingy~ HUWA~~ HUWA~~~ JUMP!
,Recommended,282900,19951152,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rip-K,Console Wars at its finest now on PC10/10
,Recommended,282900,19961260,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sugar Daddy,Choose your favourite console wife.My current console isNorie (PS3/PS4)
,Recommended,282900,33457177,Posted: 11 July,all,Devtorious,how to nep a nep nep nepper again?
,Recommended,282900,14461864,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,KinkiN,I just played you're waifu11/10 recommended to play in Valentine's Day every year
76561198018875788,Recommended,282900,14459170,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The Loyalist,"Played the first one for PS3, had to get the remastered edition ASAP. Highly recommended."
76561198120590337,Recommended,282900,16460054,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kirby626,Its An Awsome Game
,Recommended,282900,14308262,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,VERY snabb saab,-Got this game-Lost my job-Lost my family-Lost  my life-WW3 broke out-The world is annihilated-I wouldn't know-I just keep Nep-Nepping
,Recommended,282900,14336232,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Himouto! End My Life-Chan!,"This game is great. Tonnes of references and plays on pop culture. The only thing that's annoying me is that I can only save in a dungeon. It's annoying you have to slog through half a dungeon to save the game. Tell me if I'm wrong, I'll happily change my score. 8/10*Edit: I found out you can save on the world map. For anybody that's confused about it like I was, under system in your menu screen. New Score of 9/10."
76561198059419931,Recommended,282900,14237403,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,-TheSignPainter,"SUPPORT NEPS, LOVE NEPSHonestly away with the bad and in with the okayYoull find almost no trace of the original but its still Neptunia 1 at heart with V's systemGood job getting it to PC CompileI recommend this to anyone who just wants to have meta fun while dungeon questing. BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,282900,14360922,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Gu,"It's your typical JRPG - exploring dungeons, levelling up, turn-based, super skills, 2nd forms, quests and most importantly - CUTE FIGHTING GIRLS WITH KAWAII ANIMATIONS.Nep-nep is super hilarious. The dialouge is funny and plot is straightforward. Recommended"
76561198023599587,Recommended,282900,15317229,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,♫Drum n Freak♫,THIS GAME IS GREAT! THAT'S ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW!
76561198032925858,Recommended,282900,15442967,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,iWebber,"Story/Presentation: 7I decided to try out this game in the Japanese language with English subtitles, of course, and I'm really glad I did. A lot of the English voice acting was very odd for me to hear and almost unbearable. I don't know what it is that some english dubbing is just so.. off putting. A lot of the lip-sinc was really off as well, so I forced myself to restart the game and try it out in Japanese. It somehow feels a lot more alive, more expressive, and you feel and know who the characters really are. So if anything, I would highly recommend going through the story and game in Japanese. Just pretend like you're watching a foreign film. As for the story, it's super cheesy, yet pretty enjoyable. I sort of saw it like a way to make fun of recent animes and make their own puns and the like. There is quite a bit of fan service here and there, but not the point where it's rubbed on your face, unless you like seeing underskirts during gameplay, but that can always be avoided. The art of the game, however, is very pretty to watch. The colors are very nice, and the art during the conversation sections are super pretty and pretty up to date compared to most games with this style. One thing I've noticed in game was when I just walk around a dungeun, I can somehow see the face normals on a model, and it just put me off a bit. It could of been because of the 'cyber world' gimick, but then it would of at least made it more obvious.Gameplay: 9Easily one of the best JRPGs I've played in a long time. I'm sort of selective when it comes to RPGs, specially turn-based ones, and this one works out just nicely! There's still a lot of movement involved, the challange is really big specially reaching Chapter 2, and it's just a lot of fun overall! As I mentioned, the Japanese acting works well with a lot of scenarios as well in game. The 'Plan' was an amazing feature in game, which I heard was what helped made the game better from it's original, and it was a good way to add in some sort of 'mods' to add weapons, make the game easier or harder, and to help with the fighting involving adding EXE power ups or even adding higher chances for enemies to drop items/resources. Everything works just fine, the only thing I wish was that there were more than just 3 characters to use in game, and that there were more moves to use, since a lot were just capped at Lv 3 EXE powers and the like. But even then, the New Game + is incredible, because even if you finished the game and start a new one with the same file, all of your character levels, all your items and equipments, all the plans, and even the MB Memories from Plans get transfered over. So when you start off from the first dungeon, you're already incredibly strong from the level you left off. Also, there is a lot of grinding involved.Overall: 9The game's incredibly cute and sexy, and also very fun to play. It can be addicting because of how easy you can level up and get so many items in game and the like. The characters are charming and loving in their own way, and I am personally excited for the second and third one to come out eventually on Steam. I highly recommend this game for Anybody into JRPGs and anime games in general!"
,Recommended,282900,15833306,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Kyou.id,"Recommended game who loves RPG (JRPG) game....who loves  anime and game why not both.... >_<you should try it too watch anime version for this game "" Hyperdimension Neptunia : The Animation ""Gameplay its more interesting with a cute girls and loli :blanc:amazing Graphic and play style that you'll never been playing before....I ll do anything for LOLI and i Paid for LOLI"
,Recommended,282900,16060717,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Hikikomori,Do it for Vert.
76561198050836783,Recommended,282900,15962805,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mrromeijn,"I finished the game in a bit of a speed run, but it still took me a long time.I got this game thinking I would like it in the same way I liked most RPG's, but would hate the FF-esqe fighting style. To my surprise I loved both aspects! The story is a fun story, the design of the girls and the world are cuter then cute, the personalities are well written, voice acting is not in every scene but helps a lot and fighting does use some real tactics.Now, when will the others get on here? Because I loved this one!Do I recommend this game?No, I will force you to buy it! Buy it now! Do it!"
,Recommended,282900,20825863,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Aggie🎃よしこ | PJ86,Has Compa.11/5Great game.
,Recommended,282900,22799937,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Desoxyribun,Nice Game <3I enjoyed the Anime Atmosphere and the Anime graphics.It make me feel like I were in an Anime ^^Anime Anime Anime ANIME*I made this review to get the achievment on Steam for it :'3
,Recommended,282900,16160232,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sir Pooty Poot,Great game that perfectly combines JRPG/VN. Interesting and fully voiced story (in English and Japanese) and obviously extremly cute characters (lots of waifu material :v ).
,Recommended,282900,25459457,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Frosty,"Great game, both Visual graphics and gameplay are superb."
,Recommended,282900,33979472,Posted: 2 August,all,LittleTomatoMaki (gone),i love this ♥the story is great and Compa my favorite girl ♥
,Recommended,282900,25266532,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,gakky,grinding all day..
,Recommended,282900,14489262,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nark,Cute. Enjoyable.
,Recommended,282900,26625146,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,dancif,"I mean, sure why not. Its an experience alright.. play it! FeelsGoodMan"
76561198089250807,Recommended,282900,25580083,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Silver~ 💖,"I find this game to be really funny and just a great story as well, mostly. :D"
,Recommended,282900,25592379,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,нет in time,Not enough Noire.
,Recommended,282900,25613107,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Silica,BEST GAME EVER
76561198048974583,Recommended,282900,14529612,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rdogg,Great game looking forward to re;birth 2 and hopefully Noire's game and re;birth 3 on steam.
76561197970866245,Recommended,282900,14536372,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kickass Anime,"this game is an otakus' dream, some of the characters go through a drastic change when they transform plutia is an example, the term seeing is believing comes to mind, buy it play it and play it again, if you haven't seen the anime it might help to watch that first."
76561198030845400,Recommended,282900,15261765,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,cup2fun,"Pros:o Tons of fan service, *cough* I mean plot developmento Great artwork + Pictures/Backgrounds , if you are into animeo Imo, interesting combat system:-Incorperates ATB classical elements-Small Action RPG elements in combat-System is pretty responsive, for me at leasto Most importantly, Moe~~~ (*-*)o Fun storyCons:o Stuff was lost in english translation, subtitle etc.o The actual playable game world had okay graphicso ""Intesesting"" control scheme, prob want to change ito Bad camera anglesThe price point for me was the biggest turn off, don't get me wrong $30 is way cheaper than the AAA titles out there but for the bulk of the gameplay, as in the actual playable areas, the actual playable areas had some dated graphics. Overall though I've enjoyed the game a lot. Make sure to pick it up when if it goes on sale if you are an RPG fan."
,Recommended,282900,18219677,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,西瓜,"Hello guys.I don't like any of RPG but this game i felt very good to walkthrough.All what i can say that it's just Omega,Quadra,Super,Pudding game.Gameplay isn't boring at all, many skills and characters.Plot is also very nice about friendship and evil vs good.Game costs it's money cause you will play not the 1 time but minimum 3 what makes you play about 50 hrs in this beautiful game.Very recommended, all who interested somehow in anime should play this game!"
,Recommended,282900,14488642,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Minersfury,really good worth every dollar
76561198045681403,Recommended,282900,14483993,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Yumeko Jabami,"Get yourself a controller if you want to play this game, it is possible to play with keyboard but it is incredibly awkward. If you already have a controller you're going to have a blast, cute characters, hilarious story with a ton of forth wall breaks.There is no considering with this game just buy it. Scroll up there and buy it right now."
,Recommended,282900,32909001,Posted: 27 June,all,「Ishiro」,Cool kawaii game XD
,Recommended,282900,21740791,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,[DFS]Weeaboo Dizzy,"Full of pudding addiction and fourth-wall breaking, I'm glad that I decided to buy this while it was on sale. Also, using a controller is highly recommended, but you can still use keyboard and mouse just as well."
,Recommended,282900,16424471,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Darisk,Bought and played for Noire. Perfected for Uni. Best Game! 10/10
,Recommended,282900,30133720,Posted: 23 February,all,medium rare steak,"Good OP, Generic Moe Game... I'll retract thatGeneric Nep Game.If you are a fan of anime or let's just say another weebshit like me. This game is probably for you, this game actually is pretty short around 1.5 up to 2 hours (taken that you already level 999 or 99) but if it is your first time i will say 5 to 10 hours. So in short this is a game for you to just relax enjoy the chit chat and the nep-ness"
,Recommended,282900,32791459,Posted: 25 June,all,Amatsukaze,Nowaru/10 would play again
,Recommended,282900,16459123,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sonico,Killed by a Flower.Damage: 999.On Third Level.10\10.
76561198079061265,Recommended,282900,22066292,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ashcroft,Neptastic
,Recommended,282900,20247361,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SpookmanYo,"The weeb in me loves this game. The RPG lover in me is left wanting more. The actual gameplay amounts to, breaking the enemy's guard, and then use your strongest attack until the enemy is dead. If you are not on the same level as the thing you are fighting, you're dead. And you'll need to grind. There are plenty of enemies that give a lot of experience so once you find those enemies you can get a lot of experience quickly.The actual gameplay of this game is not that fleshed out. You can move around and position your characters before you attack but the game does nothing to make you change where your characters are standing. An enemy MIGHT walk out of range from your party members and you MIGHT have to move them over an inch to attack them again. But there are no enemies that force you to move out of the way of a devastating attack. There are no enviromental hazards that force you to plan your movements during fights. Nothing like that. So being able to move your characters in fights is basically pointless.There's no real nudity in the game but there is a lot of cleavage and mention of breast sizes so it does well to titlate and make you laugh. But it doesn't do enough to challenge you in fights outside of: Are you high enough level? Ok you win. In conclusion, the fanservice is good, the gameplay is not. That being said. I can't really NOT recommend this game. I didn't get exactly what I wanted out of it. But that's not to say that you won't."
,Recommended,282900,19703696,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Sig,Confirmed better than the witcher 3
,Recommended,282900,24381590,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Yoyo-senpai,Best JRPG everNep-Nep is love Nep-Nep is life ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,282900,14493743,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,King AwowLuigi,"10/10I legit can not put this game down. The game reminds me of a mix between Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy. Seriously play this game while having Kingdom Hearts battle music in the background while you're fighting. It's glorious!EDIT: DLC is tragging me back, it's 50% off, so I had to get it."
76561198029312331,Recommended,282900,14533576,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Akko,"The first time I saw this game on Steam I thought: ""WTF is this game"" but I saw it was very positive among the community and fans of that series so I gave it a chance.Well after 72 houers its easily my favorite game right now. Its funny,likeble charcters (Nep is my favorite necause nepgear dont have any lines in this game), Easy combat to learn and master and A LOT of content that keep you playing and if you want even more you should get the DLC which is great if you still want more.The only downside is that we have to wait (and I hope that not for long) for Re:Birth 2 now...Easly one of the best JRPG games on steam and I hope that other companies like squre will learn to listen to thire fans and not throw bad ports to the PC fans."
,Recommended,282900,17886833,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,nep nep neppu~
76561198035790363,Recommended,282900,21735708,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Senpaipai,This game is a must-buyDefinitely in my top 5 favorite!+The game is fun and happy+theres ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of gameplay hours+you can craft so many things+music is awesome-I wish there was more combos-some characters have crap specials (ie single target but doesn't do more damage than the other character who does aoe damage)-usual grind to lv up
,Recommended,282900,33430096,Posted: 10 July,all,MX26,"Go read sergio.bobillier's review (2nd highest rated english review at the time of writing this), he does a good job of explaining who the game's for."
,Recommended,282900,14235321,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Zilveari|FREEHAT,"To hell with my old review, I can fully stand behind this release now.  Seems like most of the bugs have been worked out, and 1080p is now a supported resolution as well!If you think you don't need to play this because you played the original on PS3, then think again.  This is a far more complete, more fun and less annoying version of the original.  Although the original's opening theme was much better...  But the biggest selling point for me is that the damned tunnels between lands are gone!The updated visuals are gorgeous.  The updated gameplay is much more fun (no more gathering four items that magically become all healing and cure items).  There is no $10000 worth of DLC (there are 9 DLC items I believe, a few of which are free)."
,Recommended,282900,14235318,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,<3TearM007,"Literally an accessory called ""Mai Waifu""Nep Nep/10"
,Recommended,282900,14449429,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,「Tio🅱uenofriki」,"I bought this game because I'm a gigantic weeaboo ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it was totally worth it. 11/10Its even better of what i expected and it's totally worth its money, lots of hours of content, 2moe4me characters and the story its entretaning with an awesome meaning behind it, even tho its good, i recommend you buy it in a sale.The negative aspects of the game are the bosses, bugs, and not the full game is voiced.Neptune best Girl<333"
,Recommended,282900,14413538,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,jazz,I drink water when I play this game
76561198101445724,Recommended,282900,14638559,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Flat is Justice,420/10 would nepnep again.Easily addictive and Funny. Hope they put the other games up on Steam soon :D
,Recommended,282900,15606314,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Big Brother,You can play as a flat chested loli who can grow C cups in an instant 10/10
,Recommended,282900,14250187,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Eririn07,"this is a good game in PlayStation® Vita... yeah a really good game. no bug at all smooth. but when it comes the PC version it has a lot of bugs. the bugs are everywhere and so annying. and some users had a problem about launching the game at the first time.now we talk about the game.this is a very additing game. its has good system in battle, nice drawing, good pictures, and very good music (thanks to 5pb. [KYAAAAAAA 5pb. CHAAAN :3]). this is a tricky games so you must be very careful for some secrets and hidden item/dungeon.pros:> great game> have more than 1 ending> nice art> it has neptune as a main charachter> Tsundere Blackheart> LOLI! SRSLY LOLI!> pudding (?)> the character says something when she jumps> the theme song by 5pb. chan> mainly its great because of 5pb. chan songs, and tsundere blackheart> they hates eggplants (same like me!)cons:> THE ENGLISH VOICE IS REALLY REALLY ANNYOING> buggy> no hensin animation> no physical edition> ....> ....> addictive> make you wants a pudding> LOLoverall 11/10 (from a Vita version)"
,Recommended,282900,17081387,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Polanovski,"""I'm a simple man, I see boobs I play the game.""But really, this one is a good RPG tbh. The gameplay consist of typical dungeon and exploring, while encounter enemy and battle them with turn-based strategy. More like it's predecessor for the kind of game, Final Fantasy series and Persona 4.Everything turns out better with waifu-material and boobs... right?Some extra tips; if you only want to play one time through the story, be sure to check the walkthrough. Or else you end up like me having to redo the New Game+ like 3 times :("
,Recommended,282900,22913234,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ally,Normally with games that you have to replay 3-4 times I don't go back to 100%.Nep-Nep made me do it. For Planeptune!
,Recommended,282900,14236474,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,DangoSage,"Protips: Switch your status to ""offline"" mode before launching the game to retain your clean image and sanctity from your friends. Wait 10 seconds after closing the game before going back ""online"" to ensure that your friends won't be notified that you are currently in the game even for a split second.Happy Perversing,From your friendly neighbourhood Musurimu."
,Recommended,282900,22994096,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,•,at first time i didn't know what's kind of game.... this Neptunia...but after i tried it...dam.... dis so good...a JRPG with lot of jokes..welp.... this game had lots Fan Service too...and RIP 4th wall.... Neptune always break it down....but well... that it's unique...this game is kind a refresh for me...and my rate for this game 10/10don't judge it before u try it....
,Recommended,282900,15001514,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,tah10270,"-Story is good [eng - jpn dont different to much]-Battle system is good too , you can do any battle style you want [break style , exe style , etc.]Perfect !"
76561198045783023,Not Recommended,282900,29663702,Posted: 2 February,all,DubstepKazoo,"""101 hours in and he's not recommending it? What's this guy smoking?""I know, I know. But despite all the memes, I really don't think this game is worth thirty bucks - much less the extra fifteen they try to squeeze out of you via DLC.Story:The story is as bland, light-hearted, and generic as they come. It's your standard, run-of-the-mill ""save the world"" plot, but its unique writing is a large factor in this series's popularity. Unfortunately, it's also a double-edged sword. As you probably know already, this game breaks the fourth wall fairly often, with characters constantly coming up with excuses to make reference to the fact that they're in a game. This, however, gets old. Fast. Especially when you realize that half these references were never in the original Japanese to begin with.It also makes fun of several tropes often found in anime, but forgets that it's also shamelessly playing them straight. For example, Noire is occasionally ridiculed in-game as being a tsundere (or at least, what that word's definition has morphed into), but that doesn't change the fact that she is one. Same thing for Older Brother and Younger Brother - their existence serves to make fun of male characters who obsess over boobs, but they themselves are male characters that obsess over boobs (something we don't need, since we have the player for that). News flash: pointing out your own stupidity doesn't change the fact that you're stupid.Where the writing isn't annoying, it's lazy. Who are these six people and why do they know Neptune? Oh, they're from another dimension, so no biggie. This will never again be questioned or even mentioned. Uh-oh, we're in a pickle! It's okay, we just need a Shares ex machina. (The game itself makes fun of this, but still - it happens.)But Kazoo, you argue, all that is just the game being silly and light-hearted! Can't you just have some fun for once in your life? Well, let me ask you this: would you eat candy - the same candy - for every meal for an entire week? You'd get sick of it, right? The problem with this game's story is that it's too one-note; it refuses to take itself seriously. There aren't really any dramatic tonal shifts, so the stakes never seem to be very high. It's hard to take interest in a story that's the same all the way through.Assets:Many JRPGs reuse enemy sprites at some point because they just didn't have the time, money, or creativity to come up with more. Oftentimes, that's understandable - when it's a rare occurrence, at least. In Neptunia, recycling of sprites is the norm. There are dozens of Dogoo enemies with only three different sprites between them. You'll fight the same orange flower in dungeon after dungeon, with maybe a new coat of paint to tell the difference. Giant dragons? Well, every last one of them looks exactly the same - they aren't even recolored. Even the (non-main-character) bosses are reused! I posit that once you finish Chapter 2, you'll have seen almost every significant enemy sprite the game has to offer.And it's not just enemy sprites. It's dungeons, too. Now, reusing dungeon textures isn't as bad a problem as reusing enemy sprites, but reusing dungeon LAYOUTS is even worse. Every last cave dungeon in the game is exactly the same, with only a few minor differences. Every last forest dungeon in the game is exactly the same, with only a few minor differences - and so on and so forth. Out of the 36 dungeons in the game, there are only (off the top of my head) nine different ones. Coupled with the recycled enemy sprites, this is GRUELING. It eliminates the fun of exploring a new dungeon. How can I get excited about it when I already know what it will be before I even enter?Gameplay:But this is a JRPG. The most important part about it is the gameplay. And to the game's credit, it has solid battle mechanics that seem mundane at first, but quickly become complex and interesting once you get slaughtered in the Colosseum for the first time. It's easy to understand, but it has aspects to it that make the more hardcore JRPG players salivate. You don't have to be good at JRPGs to have fun playing this game.Unfortunately, you collide - hard - into a brick wall near the endgame. Maybe I just suck at it, but I am convinced that certain parts of the game's later content (lookin' at you, Zeca Ruins 2) are designed to be impossible (or at least prohibitively hard) unless you buy the DLC. Which I didn't do, 'cause paid DLC is an evil concept that never deserved to exist in the first place. So if I'm getting slaughtered effortlessly by trash mobs at level 99, why should I feel the need to get Nepgear to level 99 too? Why should I feel the need to NG+ again and get Rom and Ram? Granted, I'm only talking about non-story dungeons here, but still.Perhaps it'd be easier on me if I bought better weapons for my characters. But with said weapons ranging from one to five million credits each, I'd have a lot of grinding in my future. A ridiculous amount, really, even by JRPG standards. And since this is an enormous price increase from the next tier down, the message is abundantly clear: either you fork over more cash, or you waste days on end trying to save up for a better weapon that will only MARGINALLY increase your chances of surviving an ordinary battle.After 101 hours of Neptunia, I'm looking back and wishing I could have them back. I really wanted to like this game - the range of character customization options is insane, the character designs are cute and full of life, the battle system is fun - but the story and the world are unbelievably boring. The cherry on top? The translator is incompetent at best and infuriating at worst. Don't buy this game. Not for thirty bucks. If it goes on sale, maybe - but personally, I'd recommend you take your business elsewhere altogether."
,Recommended,282900,14394345,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Valderonce,Would you nep a Nepnep if Nepnep neps nep ? I want to Nep nep neppers.:nepnep:
,Recommended,282900,20383996,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Virgil,It's a good game with great turn based battle settings :)...the story is pretty good but the battle is what I really like :D
,Recommended,282900,19565139,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,CTcommander Senpai,"I spent more time playing this game than Fallout 4 itself Desu.Why desu?Because nepuu nepuu Desu.Play Fallout 4, lots of content. Oh, it's midnight already. Went to sleep Desu.Play this game, man it's just 2:30 a.m., I can still go on.Been sleeping 3 a.m. ever since. Never regret Desu.10/10 would want to Nepuu Nepuu again Desu."
,Recommended,282900,28955290,Posted: 2 January,all,Lady Blanc (Periweeb),"are you a gamer? good youll like the humorare you a weeb? perfectdo you like rpgs? awesomethen this is a game that you can ""shake a level 1 stick at"" as the description mentions"
,Recommended,282900,23914999,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,fiery94,I love the voices and the colors. I love everything about this game! Its so cute and the music is awesome. I bought all of the Hyperdimension games and the related games. :)
76561198092245354,Recommended,282900,24105543,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Yong,noire the bestttttttttttttttt!!!!!!!!!!
76561198003888207,Recommended,282900,14288518,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Solid Tsuchinoko,"The game is so self-aware, it sometimes catches me off guard. But, on a side note, is it weird to think that I'd be more embarassed of someone walking in on me playing this than pr0n? I feel like I'm the only one, but this is a fun game that pokes at all the big consoles in the land of 'Gamindustri'. 10/10 would alt+tab again."
,Recommended,282900,15429009,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Zero,This game is Funny as hell! it has a nice story and i would recommend this game to anyone who likes RPGs!!!The only problem i had with this game is that you need to grind a lot! And this eats up time that you could be spending on playing the story line... But other than that AWESOME game!!!!
,Recommended,282900,28837898,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,theindiegeek,"Great, cheesy JRPG. Love it. Super silly with good combat. IF for life."
,Recommended,282900,20147889,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tsun-Chan,"This game is hilarious, all puns and jabs makes the game cool and the total gameplay will make yourself be immersed and watch out for the P*nty Shot 10/10"
,Recommended,282900,14290873,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,C=3 | Elite James,"Like skyrim, but with kawaii waifus."
76561198071693991,Recommended,282900,15969251,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,黒,best jrpg~~
,Recommended,282900,16972734,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Syn32,Quite a bit of humour lost in translation but knowing the general banter and inside jokes make walls of text worth going through (if you only payed attention cos of the visuals beforehand :3 )
,Recommended,282900,20227810,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ClassySplatter,"Just finished this, and have to say it was a pleasant surprise. A really fun, cute, and lighthearted story, likable characters, and an okay combat system. The combat felt like the weakest part of the game I admit, and at times the game relies too much on level grinding and enemies with cheap attacks.In addition, I noticed the game was guilty of re-using dungeons, just with a new enemies.However, the story kept me playing, as I mentioned, a lot of silly, entertaining dialogue and a great tongue in cheek look at video games.Overall, very enjoyable, and it made me a fan of the series. Well reccomended for fans of moe or those looking for a light JRPG."
,Recommended,282900,14275755,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ゲンジ  ＨＥＡＬＩＮＧ,its a game about console warwhile the God PC Master just laughing at them
76561198050818596,Recommended,282900,14763195,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ODDJOB 2.0,"This game has the BEST ""cat face"" i have ever seen. To sum up my exerience with this game ""anime game is anime"""
76561198065398096,Recommended,282900,24800098,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Skweaks,"Your Name: Sega Neptune, Loli MarineYour Mission: Eat pudding and annoy everyone"
,Recommended,282900,19837403,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Wolfsblut,"If you ask for a recommended game i would say this game for sure as first!Not only is it super cute (its almost not legal how cute those 3DGC are!)But also a Nep Nep all the time is refreshing, making you smile, laugh and finding it somewhat silly.gameplay is repetive but still fun, same goes for sounds.The Motto´s of each char wants you to fight more and more till you are outpowered of energy or you drink some energy like me to play the whole night away to finally completing a chapter!I highly recommend DLC, the content isnt♥♥♥♥♥♥like 95% of games have.Would Nep Nep all day till my **** hurts...wait not **** i mean ******* xDif you like being hurt on your ******* buy it, if you like sexy little lolicon, buy it, if you like RPG, Anime, random japanese stuff, buy it.1000/10* i see if i can sleep maybe this night without getting to Nep Nep all the time in this game ^^want to know more good games? go there:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Himitsudayo#curation"
76561197980761493,Recommended,282900,14361100,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Blaze,Do You like JRPG's? Yes? Of course you do. What are you waiting for then?  Get the game and have a blast with it.
,Recommended,282900,15274043,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Type Zero,What if game consoles were cute girls? What if the entire console war was between these girls who personified each console? What if game publishers were also personified as cute girls? Adventure through the world of the game industry AS CUTE GIRLS FIGHTING THE EVILS OF PIRACY. Do you like girls? Do you like RPGs? Do you like cute girls doing cute things? WELL YOUR ANSWER DOESN'T MATTER. THE GAME IS SIMPLE AND ENJOYABLE. BUY IT AND TRY IT. If you don't agree then... you have the right to your opinion and I'm fine with that.
,Recommended,282900,27809365,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zareeth,I enjoyed the 'plot'.The story was good too.
,Recommended,282900,25286370,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Tohsaka,Top Nep / Neps
,Recommended,282900,14289890,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Apo,:3
76561198042016412,Recommended,282900,14384659,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Slat😹Nyan,"-__Not reccomended if you only have access to mouse and keyboard controls__-Best game I have played in a while.Combat is a little repetitive but still enjoyable.But seriously if you don't have a controller at hand, don't touch this game with a 10 foot pole."
,Recommended,282900,17956136,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,PAULsandwich,"At first, I thought this game's boring but after a few hours of playing, I found so much fun in it to the point I got addicted to it. Everything's nice from the graphics to the story which is funny most of the time since this is a parody of the different types of consoles available in the market. All of the characters are pretty MUCH well-endowed (if you know what I mean ^_^) and the physics of their assets is well-made. Even if you can only play this alone, you will definitely have a fantastic time playing it. Love this game.By the way, Peashy/Yellow Heart is my favorite because of her cheerful and optimistic personality and not because her oversizedwatermelons."
,Recommended,282900,17748381,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,BeyondTheLimit,"Consoles, Lovable Personalitys, RPG, whats not to love?I give both the game and anime 2 thumbs up. ^-^"
76561198085328000,Recommended,282900,15271529,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sdor,"Alright, I'm going to flat out say that I enjoy this game. It looked good from the store page, and it definitely is enjoyable. It has a similar feel to Agarest Generations of War, at least with the battlefield set-up, however it's a lot more open ended in my opinon, which I honestly prefer. My only complaint would have to be audio skipping in the opening scene, and audio sometimes completely disappearing from the game all together requiring a restart to get it back, I'm not entirely sure what's causing this, it could possibly be my hardware set up, still it's annoying nonetheless. Overall I'd recommend it, despite the glitches in audio that I've had.*another minor complaint would be no support natively for 2560x1440 resolution, which was a bit of a let down, game still looks fine in 1080p though."
76561198107837950,Recommended,282900,25362332,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,⎛⎝   βιος-δ   ⎠⎞,"One of my best favorite franchise in either game, anime, and manga, this game offer a good graphic JRPG Anime style. This is one of the most well-known franchise of Idea Factory that offer so many aspect and feature toward JRPG and Anime Lover. Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth 1 is the true beginning of the story line in the whole franchise (I strongly advise you to play this game first before to know the whole plot).Pros:- Astonishing cute character development- Dungeon design looks fabulous- Great Soundtrack- Fascinating DLC (Especially DLC Character MUST BUY!)- Light Atmosphere story (Very Relaxing)- Challenging Enemies and Side Quest- Offer 2 different endings- Character customization is very vary (From Weapon, Skill, Armor, Accessories, and Clothes)- Transformable character are present making a potent hero in a serious battle- 2 languages available (English and Japanese)- Has a secret character- So many playable character- Various combo mechanism- Featured a Lily Rank system (Boost up the power of ""Paired Character"")- Unlimited leveling capacity (Can up to Lv.300)- Visual Novel Animation is very good- Variety of CG gallery- Unique battle system (Turn Based Movement Battle)- Hilarious conversation- Various parody element presentsCons:- Skills in every character is quite few- Has no real Open World system, it is more dungeon oriented game (Quite different by other most JRPG games)- The dungeon offer no other elements, except enemy, treasure, save point and area exploration (Which very standard and not unique at all)- Skill development is decent (no unique at all)- Very level and equipment dependent, so if your level and your equipment is great enough you can easily defeat almost all enemies in the game and that is quite boring (not really strategic and challenging)Overall this game is a masterpiece for the beginning of it's franchise, I highly recommend this game for Anime lover, RPG fan, and visual novel lover. I actually loved this franchise so much, especially the beginning one. Keep up the good work Ideal Factory and please keep adding your Neptunia series (with new content is better) on Steam, I gladly support you! XD"
,Recommended,282900,25515926,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Saito クロ,"Grindy. As in, hella grindy, but still fairly enjoyable.If this is your first nep game (as it was mine) you can easily pick it up from the start and not feel like you've missed anything story-wise. Gameplay is fairly simple even for someone new to turn-based RPGs. The humor of the game can feel beaten-in after a while, but all in all was still pretty good. As far as the content of the game, admittedly its a lot of copy and paste. Most of the dungeons and enemies are just reskins from earlier parts of the game. The characters are cute, and the animations for the EXE or SP moves can be interesting to watch the first few times. There's an offer of replayability thanks to some materials being limited to only be obtained once per playthrough, so if you wish to unlock everything in the game, you'll be playing through it multiple times.Its also worth noting, to those new to the series/JRPGs, Neptunia is basically a hybrid between an RPG and a Visual Novel. In my experience with the game, about 50% of my time was spent reading text (don't use the english dub, its awful), and the other 50% was wandering dungeons and killing mobs, until the second playthrough came and I was instead grinding mobs for specific materials.Even though the game has clear negative points, it must be doing something right to have kept me entertained for over 60 hours."
76561198117939966,Recommended,282900,22721787,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,【S O Z B O I】,Its a nice mix of a jrpg and a visual novel
76561198045984630,Recommended,282900,16691192,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rzez,"amazing game, nuff said"
,Recommended,282900,22146239,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,-Ocelot-,"I love this game, the commedy, the fan service, it's all a lot of fun."
,Recommended,282900,19742962,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,IAmKEVIN,"You get to see and know 11 different type of anime girls, (4 godness together count as total of 8, the nurse and blue coat are 2, plus the bad oh-ba-sang)also get to entertain by them, learn their habbit and see them live hapily ever after.$29.99 probably a bit expensive, but as a anime girl lover and story-rich game lover,It will do the trick."
,Recommended,282900,21433110,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dr. Chipotle,10/10 Would nep again-ign
,Recommended,282900,16204051,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ephemeral,"I played this game because I am an otaku and my friend recommened it and I'll tell you, it is worth the money.I like the game because it is from one of my favorite anime series and because there's cute girls in it (Iris Heart for the win). Great animations, lots of moves and best of all... the battles are addictive. The story is very predictable, but it is still cliche enough to grab attention.The one thing I don't like about this game is the translation quality. Other than that, it's all good."
,Recommended,282900,19812158,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Magnus,buy the game. play the game. get all dlc. play the dlc. buy the sequel.
76561198141822912,Recommended,282900,19935853,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,EverlastingD,Whoever likes JRPG will be very happy with this game.One of the few games in my life I completed 100%.
,Recommended,282900,17556347,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Not Alive,"YES ITS GOOD I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE MINDLESS GRINDING (BECAUSE I PLAYED DESTINY) IT HAS NICE ummm ""Character Development"" and Neptune is best waifu"
,Recommended,282900,15035709,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,MushyBilla,"If you're looking for a JRPG that includes experience in laughs, moe and fanservice that is so shameless it even declares its intent as fanservice in the game dialogue together with an engaging plot then look no further."
,Recommended,282900,15313277,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kimoju,Waifu Simulator 2015 /10
,Recommended,282900,15471148,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,DeAndre Oswell,My first HDN game that I started playing... this game is way too cute o_O
,Recommended,282900,14322550,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Yazawa,Longing for like 5 month for this game and it has finally been released!Really looking forward to put my life into this game!Nep nep guys!^^
,Recommended,282900,14271697,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ranka,"After playing 8 hours straight I gotta say:This Game is brilliant!The Story is really nice, the graphics are lovely, the Humour fantastic and the Combat-System simple yet tricky.What do you want more?It's definitely worth a Try for every JRPG-Fan!"
,Recommended,282900,14235332,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Detective Shizuku,"It's really moe.Japanese voice option is there. It makes the game just a bit more moe.You can change your characters clothes, making them more moe.If you ever decide to jump, Nep Nep makes the most moe jumping noises of all time.It's only 30 bucks and half off for the first week or so, it's worth that, and besides, moe money moe problems."
,Recommended,282900,14238638,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,LOLIMETH,Was watching other people play this game on twitch.tv... they died and forgot to save and had to start over.
,Recommended,282900,14239417,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,disco bassmate,It is now 60 FPSThis is a whole new level of moeness.
,Recommended,282900,14320376,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,XxLeva115xX,I got this game and im not exactly dissapointeed... its just that my game keeps crashing once i get rekt by da first boss. Happened 4 times in a row :/ hope they patch this or something haha
,Recommended,282900,14449992,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,nostine.reed,"You play as Nep-nep a loli with henshin ability to a CPU-girl who suffers from amnesia.In a quest to get back her memory she met Compa and otheroppaicompanion.Later she found out that she was Gangbanged by another CPU in the middle of Game Goddesses war.However the conflict was plotted by a mysterious woman in order to steal their power, and then the goddesses work together to defeat that villainous woman.Story 7/10Graphic 8/10Gameplay 9/10Waifu 10/10Nep-nep 11/10P.S: Got carried away in game, thus forgot to save after advanced 2 dungeons and got knocked out by a mini-boss afterward."
,Recommended,282900,15272692,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,=AJSA= Kransu,Just..don't forget to save.
76561198033992409,Recommended,282900,14774407,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Zafkiel,"I love this game SO MUCH! If you like anime, this game has one and it's pretty damn good. The anime is based of the original game (notice the ""Re;Birth"") which was like the original final fantasy games, classic RPG you know?Imagine that real life was fiction and fantasy (kinda of a boring fantasy if you ask me) and video games were reality. That is basicly the Hyperdimension world. There are 4 lands each watched over by a CPU (computer patron unit I think), these are also refered to as ""Godesses"" and yes, anime+goddESS(Female)=attractive women.Oh and when I say video games are reality I don't mean Kratos is going to come out of nowhere and stick your head on a pike. It constantly makes refrences to games and game terms, there is a monster named ""Terits"" which is similar to ""Tetris"" and it actually is a bunch of block that keep changing shape.I love this game, I really do. If you like anime, then this is TOTALY your game.Over 9000/10Now im off to buy ALL of the sequels, prequels, spin-offs, etc."
76561198044494712,Recommended,282900,16422618,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Annanella,"This game is great, its perverted but what anime style game isn't?"
,Recommended,282900,16639853,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,싱니,10/10 wud bang
76561198061952090,Recommended,282900,16202903,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Joan of Arc.,ซื้อเลย หนุกดี =w=
76561198047089019,Recommended,282900,16278880,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,=SCG=SkyLork,10/10Many FunMuch Wow
,Recommended,282900,16332348,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,♥ 5pb ♥,Animu WaifuToo Many Game Sequels To PlayA Little Time10/10 Would Play
,Recommended,282900,16957966,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,🦈 Z1tH,It's fun
,Recommended,282900,16749534,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ACO,"If you have an interest in jrpg with fun story and have fetish of ""flat"", ""curvy"" or both of them, maybe you will love this one.warning:this game make you addicted to grinding some level sometimes"
,Recommended,282900,17925150,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,OMGiTzSara!,Pretty Sweet Game Mates!
,Recommended,282900,17034595,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Runz,Rate Up +1 Positive Review
76561198029056788,Recommended,282900,17891051,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Danmakufreak,Like turn-based JRPG's? Like Kawaii Sugoi Animuu? Then you have literally no reason NOT to buy this game.
76561197999454722,Recommended,282900,17883316,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Blancanon,I'm going to♥♥♥♥♥inside Blanc!
,Recommended,282900,17449099,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Turbo-Shots,Best game of all time
76561198081081360,Recommended,282900,14442737,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Maskmannerz,"Very, very...moe"
,Recommended,282900,16504019,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SirDoodlesAlot,"It's a solid game with solid gameplay.PROS-Cute stuff (if you enjoy it or are tolerant of it)-English and Japanese dialogue option-Solid gameplay (turn based)-colorful visuals-Controls well (on controller)CONS-Cute stuff (if you can't tolerate it)-Weak port with the only graphical option being resolution-poor environmental and enemy textures that look out of place compared to the quality of the player characters (for the most part)-some character animations look stiffOverall I would recommend the game to anyone who shows interestI thought the games fan base only liked it for the cute girls, but the gameplay was fun."
,Recommended,282900,14442236,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,aterial,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IT CAME OUT ON PC.This is easily one of my favorite JRPG games. I've beat this game to completion on the Vita, and am currently 100%ing it on PC.PROS:NEP NEP IS ON PC WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPretty casual battle elementsSolid, and enjoyable storyDecent amount of replayabilityCONS:It's a pretty iffy (heh) console port, so crashes can and will happenCodec packs can screw with the ingame cutscenesA battle early on has a pretty solid chance of crashing itGrinding is sometimes the only way to progress through a certain part if you weren't murdering every living thing on the mapIt's a pretty casual game, the battles themselves are nothing incredibly difficult, except for a few early game fights (A fair amount of grinding is required to beat these early on). If you're having trouble, you can always activate a 'plan' (gameplay modifiers and the way that you unlock weapons/costumes/consumables) that makes the enemies easier to defeat. Somewhere around an 8.5/10 for gameplay.The story is freakin great. The characters are pretty well written (NOIRE IS BEST), most of the dialog is spattered with references to other games and the fourth wall is nigh-inexistant. Overall an 9/10 for story and characters.Replayability is pretty solid. A single run of the game, if you listen to all the dialog, is easily about 15 hours. There's 2 ending-related achievements so if you're looking to get both endings, it's about 20-25 hours. If you're looking to get all the achievements (DAMN THAT MILLIONARE ACHIEVEMENT) you're looking at a solid 40-50 hours. Plus you can unlock the candidates, which are the main CPU's little sisters (UNI IS BEST). Something around a 7.5/10 for replayability.Overall, this game is a solid 9/10 if you're into cute moe vidya-gaem console grills."
,Recommended,282900,16201100,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,xYegax,"I am fan of J-RPG, and i enjoyed Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 really much, fourth-wall-breaking, trope-demolishing dialogue, and more item, weapon, and costume customization, the dialogue and skills make me LAUGH OUT LOUD sometimes ^o^, really interesting game, definitely WORTH IT."
,Recommended,282900,14287803,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,•Nicholas•,This game is so much fun however it was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get to run without crashing to fix it you need the visual c++ 2012 x86 installed even on a 64bit os and i had to run it as admin in windows xp sp2 compatabillity mode
,Recommended,282900,14329427,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kiros Xannon,"I originally tried Neptunia mk2 on the PS3, and wasn't that crazy about it. In addition to the wildly fluctuating fps, the battle system didn't really click with me, and I wasn't interested in the story enough to continue.I have to say though, this remake of the first game that apparently takes from Victory's battle system has just the tweaks it needed to be really enjoyable. Plus, being able to play the game in 60fps is beautiful, and the port in general while rocky at the start, is great compared to the track record of others.Beautiful artstyle, self-aware jokes, flashy attacks, fanservice, and enough grinding to satisfy that Disgaea itch, is a recipe for a relaxing experience."
,Recommended,282900,14517643,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Señor M.,"Nep-Nep best NepPeashy and Lowee are fine too.Many desu, many fun."
,Recommended,282900,14379425,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TDUntamed,Yes.
,Recommended,282900,16084745,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Kitty,"Very fun and cute casual game! Not hardcore grinding but there are still some, lots of story."
76561198149567529,Recommended,282900,16026667,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ichinose Shiki 一ノ瀬志希,nice game
,Recommended,282900,17156887,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Shiro,This a really fun game to play... nepnep jokes are funny.
,Recommended,282900,15442786,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,zasy,I'd recommend this game for any one looking for adventure in a fictonal Jrpg game. Addictive wise.still money worth bought +plus dlc's is greatful to have when starting out.
,Recommended,282900,16729689,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kurisu,"Though it seems to just be another game consisting of 3 moe blobs meeting other moe blobs, the writing is very well done with plentiful refrences to other games mixed in regularly. There is nothing special with the combat systems or any other systems in the game, which makes it's combat pretty generic. I would reccomend picking this game up if you are interested in a good RPG with very good writing.Also before you buy this game you must ask yourself if a nep-nep could nep neps, how much nep could a nep-nep nep?"
76561198086455417,Recommended,282900,17076635,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,엘르,Platinumed the series on PS3/Vita.Bought Re;Births again on Steam & will get perfect them again because I'm a slave to the anime tiddies.Thank you Vert-sama.
,Recommended,282900,15609505,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Blanchefleur,nowaru best goddess
,Recommended,282900,15603474,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,NeoArmstrongCycloneJetArmstrong,"Now, I'm not sure what exactly compelled me to buy this game. Maybe the kawaii AF animoo grils. Maybe the fact that it had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥plot. Maybe the tons of hentai doujinshis I would have a more enjoyable time reading after knowing the situation a bit more. But lets be honest here, anime bewbs. The only reason I bought it, and probably the only reason you bought it.Being a weeb seems to have its payoffs though. This game is actually genuinely enjoyable. A cute little story with a simple yet creative battle system, neatly wrapped up in a nice cell-shaded art style. And also anime bewbs.The downside though, is probably the whole badly ported thing. The controls are clumsy, and I would've had an easier time translating the bible into Japanese with my left nut than figuring out how to run the damn thing without it crashing after the logos.So, is it worh buying? If you are an embarassment to your parents, hate yourself and feel you can't go any lower in the pit of No GF and self-loathing you currently inhabit, then go for it. If you want to play the game not for the anime bewbs, then wait for a sale.8/10 its aight -IGN"
76561198137777726,Recommended,282900,15427981,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,_hope,nice
76561198075856770,Recommended,282900,15329098,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,pistache,"A cute world, with cute characters... but a really complex gameplay, if you'd like to give the best of your chars... ;) (of course, you can also play the easiest way, with Plutia (dlc) / Peashy (dlc) / Neptune everytime, craft the ""lowering enemies"" recipes and so on. But, this game isn't designed for that... oh, by the way, PLUTIA AND PEASHY AS PLAYABLE CHARS ??? what the hell... they're the best goddesses ever (Iris heart and Yellow heart... Iris heart being the only one truely feared by White Heart / Green Heart / Purple Heart / Black heart).After 10 hours, I'm always discovering new things, new parts of the gameplay I didn't notice before...No, a 10 hits attack with 50 break-guard isn't worse than a 5 hits with 150 BG. The second will break the guard faster, but the first one will still break pretty fast the guard, but it will also increase way faster the EX-gauge. Oh, and with it, there are the pure damage to consider too... oh god, I'm kinda lost. Oh, there isn't any ""tooltip"" during the fight, you have to keep in memory everything... or almost.Really, it will be a bit redundant, and yes get ready to a LOT of fights, yeah it's some kind of grinding... but if you're ok to do something expected in most of RPGs, just buy it."
,Recommended,282900,14676830,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,👻PotatoingPotato👻,"BOING BOING BOING.. come on, JUST PAUSE and look at all that Dogoo bouncing!(that blue ball of slime lovingness) On a serious note,Anime fans or pervs around the world, this is the cherry to your cake or make that the game which will take away your cherry... For a game ported from the handheld consoles to the pc, it is already holding up well to the control mechanics(still clumsy around the controls but you will get it sooner, or perhaps 10 years down the road when you're still playing this game)Story? well you're going about getting a whole crew of waifus to defeat a villain while going through dungeons after dungeons in order to get more materials.. kinda your typical RPG game, BUT with the option of being able to take any chracter and dressing them up for battle.. and being so god darn cute.. ITS A WINNER IN MY BOOKS!!!!:PThis game gets some serious rev in its difficulty past chapter 2-3 which just means more grinding, initially you may think this game is just a waste of time pressing and it should just recieve them pictures of Dogoos but you're hella wrong, gamers can't live without a little challenge now can they?!(unless you're a bondfide pervert and kudos to you...)"
76561198163700518,Recommended,282900,16022944,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,shoino,Really good game if you like kawaii stuff and jrpg's.
,Recommended,282900,25434319,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ador,"This series, is just great!Great story and voice acting. :D"
76561198018618185,Recommended,282900,20297666,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Joesnap,"This game...I usually will refund a game when I am so incredibly blown away by its shortcomings, but something about this ""pc port"" of the ultimate weeb simulator 2014 has some undeniable charm. This game is loud, I'd hate to go this far, but I'd even say it's mentally challenged. Never the less you are drawn to this autistic savant of a game, the overall ♥♥♥♥♥iness pervades so much that you start to enjoy it, and then it hit me....This is the game equivalent of Rain Man1000000000/10"
,Recommended,282900,32431750,Posted: 15 June,all,Cadenza Lunare,"Cute anime magical girl versions of gaming consoles form the cast of a light-hearted JRPG. Runs beautifully on PC, controller support, excellent port of the remake. Great humor that parodies the game industry and the console wars, and a really fun entry into the universe of Neptunia. Great if you're looking for a game with things to grind, even though the dungeons are very repetitive versions of one another. Note that the Peashy/Plutia DLC is a fast-track to an easy game, as both characters are pretty imbalanced, at times circumventing moments in the plot where you're intended to have less (or less powerful) party members and they are wholly unaffected. All in all one of my favorite franchises, and lots of love clearly went into the graphics, character design, and script. JP and ENG voices included."
,Recommended,282900,32484050,Posted: 16 June,all,TheHeartlessBoar,"This game is a fun dungeon crawler/visual novel to play if you want to burn some time while also laughing at the references. This entire series makes fun of big (and small) game and console creators alike. There are also many anime references, so if you like to watch anime, then you will probably like this game."
,Recommended,282900,32660932,Posted: 22 June,all,Knife,"I love farm for hours, i kill a boss 300 times to finish an achievement."
,Recommended,282900,32652170,Posted: 22 June,all,Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak,I LOVE TO NEP A NEPNEP
,Recommended,282900,14305593,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,JoJo,Everyone here is the best waifu.
,Recommended,282900,32761998,Posted: 25 June,all,D3stiny The Weeb,"Love the characters, story telling and metaness of it all with fun gameplay & great waifus :3 10/10"
,Recommended,282900,14397130,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,☽♄Miyu♇☾,The hell you reading this for? go ♥♥♥♥ing buy it- Boobs- Ecchiness (at times)- Boobs- Cute- Oh! MORE BOOBIES!!and of course the storyline is good xD im in lovee <3
76561198061377875,Recommended,282900,32938353,Posted: 28 June,all,The Lazy Gamer,I'm sure it's a good game which is why I'm giving it a positive review.However as a 25 year old alpha male I couldn't help but cringe and then proceed to uninstall 5 minutes later.
76561198024486161,Recommended,282900,32842207,Posted: 26 June,all,Whitephire,game is good
,Recommended,282900,27361915,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Romani,"Easily my favourite game, and series now.  After so many years of not being able to enjoy a game this much, this one fits that exactly.  There's not a single bad thing I can say about it, its perfect.It's so easy to fall in love with the characters, and the dialogue is absoultely amazing.Thanks to this game, I'll be playing each of the other games in the series too, and looking forward to every new one too."
,Recommended,282900,14238327,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Saytuna,I finally achieved enlightment with the nep nep ways.
,Recommended,282900,14319814,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DIGITALBREAKOUT,"This game is awesome! It is full of fun and kawaii girls and the voice acting is great. I really like the combat system, like most JRPGs the combat system doesn't get boring and always stays enjoyable. The character models are great and look like they are from the anime."
,Recommended,282900,14361884,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Xazher,"Compa can't pronounce Neptune's name, but says Planeptune without any issues.Oh boy I'm in for some killa plotholes.Oh well, I guess nothing ever makes sense in anime-style stories."
,Recommended,282900,15632130,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,harlem's finest (ft. big ji$h),F**king Sick Game TYVM <3
,Recommended,282900,14432696,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,KuroKun,nice game.. yeah!!
76561197961633782,Recommended,282900,14279072,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,✦✦✦✦✦✦,Bought this game so I can listen to Plutia's CV.
,Recommended,282900,16912071,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Nazuna,cos Nepu~!!!!
,Recommended,282900,16857997,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Raikao,"This is the game for you if you enjoy:- Anime- video games- clever references to anime and video games- characters breaking the 4th wall constantly- a story that's mostly about interaction between the characters in a comedic way- turn based JRPGs- small amounts of grinding here and there- huge amounts grinding to get absolutely everything (but you don't have to if you just want to finish the game)- games developed around the idea of ""fun"" instead of ""making money""There's some fan service here and there, but overall it never felt that much out of place. If you've seen a couple anime, with their one-off hot spring episodes and so on, you know what to expect.Picked this up during the Summer Sale and have gotten 90+ hours out of it, friend of mine finished it with all achievements in 60 hours. So it really is as long and grindy as you want it to be (gotta get all the costumes).There's also some extra DLC that's free, but you have to install it kinda manually. Mostly some potions etc. to make early game a bit easier. Nothing really game-breaking. But I do applaud the decision to make it optional for players who don't want any help (muh core experiunce uhhh).All in all: Great game, definitely get it, if it goes on sale again, you wont regret it!"
,Recommended,282900,16683558,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Graeps♪,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 was the remake of the original Hyperdimension Neptunia on the PS3. This game was imported directly from PS Vita to PC, and has many fans pleased since they may not own a Vita. The game uses the mechanics from Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory and Hyperdimesion Mk 2, the voice acting has been revamped as well due to this game being a remake and all.The story is as follows and it's basic and simple, go find the Key Fragments that reside in each of the four nations to get your shares and other nations shares back up. The thing is some of the CPU's may be hostile and choose not to help Neptune, so Neptune just goes to find them herself with IF and Compa.Overall this game is surprisingly good, both of the endings are really nice and look forward to. The characters each have their own personality and are very original, so I'll recommend this game to someone with minor JRPG and major JRP experience."
,Recommended,282900,16407887,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,A.G.,"What's not to love about this? Plenty of cute anime girls, nice rpg elements, stylized fighting EXE moves for each girl, multiple endings/playthroughs, tons of content to unlock/craft... I could literally go on and on about how good this game is. Bottom line, if you like anime and you like rpgs, then get this."
,Recommended,282900,22712231,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Laise,"Read for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hours , Train to continue da story , Die ;-; , START ALLLLL OVER AGAIN FFS, SO I HAVE TO READ ALL DAT SHET AGAIN FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFS ;-;10/10 Suicide Simulator"
,Recommended,282900,22629387,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mojofier,69/10 Waifu SimulatorDecent VA both langauges.DLC Dungeons need cray grinding.Story is casual not to take seriously but a good time.Modding capabilities.10/10
,Recommended,282900,28993355,Posted: 3 January,all,Lord MAGES. [B-DAY!],"Little over 12 hours in and I have come can say with absolute certainty that this is one of the most weeb games i have every  played.Pros:BoobsFan serviceFunnyBouncy BoobsInteresting storyThe ""plan"" system can make the most innocent looking monster as hard as your weiner doodle while playing this.Can run amazing even on a low spec PCCons:Fan service (Im not complaining but when my family saw this they couldnt help but question me.)If you want to %100 clear this game then be prepared for the long haul.The dungons repeat, along with the enemies (switch the colors and buff the stats and VOLA new enemy!)Alot of reading (Dating Sim style, but they put a bunch of jokes in the reading to make it tolerable)The game is NOT worth $30, wait for it to go on sale. The Delux edition does not effect game play so unless you want the soundtrack, artbook, and walpapers for $10 dont buy.I bought this for about $17 with all the DLC, and recomend you get it since it comes with items and charcters that make early game stages alot easier to navigate and get through.All in all I love the game"
,Recommended,282900,14684644,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,NecroXBR,"Leaving the moe and more moe aside. Awesome board strategy game with comedy, storyline(full of gamers references) and ALOT of memorable characters.Waiting for the sequel's port. :)"
76561198042043968,Recommended,282900,14395128,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dr.Louie,10/10 No♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198024040842,Recommended,282900,15254758,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Rayce Farelle,"Everyone's first impression of this series will be ""da cute gurls!"" Well they arent wrong. This game is defintely a treat for the eyes. Boobs and butts aside, the overall color pallete and designs are very charming. Back on topic, though, it is pretty good on the boobs and butts department.Going a little deeper, battle system is quite fun and addictive. Its not a cake walk either. If you are not leveled high enough you will get your curvy spandexed butt handed to you. This means, going back, leveling up, finding materials for better weapons, laying out your combos better, and utilizing what each character specialized in be it physical, magical, shield breaking, or healing. The flow of the game pretty much picks up its fast pace style from the get go. EXE attacks will dazzle you with outrageously overannimated sequences unleashing of power to kill one or multiple foes. They are many and each one a treat to watch.To cover its negative aspects would just be a couple things. One is grinding. To some its a chore, but when the battles themself are addictive this wont be much of a problem. High yield enemies for money, exp, or items really dont make it too long of a grind. The real grind will have to come in the quest for money to purchase/build cosmetics, but that is mostly uneeded to advance the story.Another negative would probably be the story. The story is slapstick, comedic, and unserious 100% of the time. So if you are looking for grandure and an extensive epic, (and impressive voice acting) you will not find it. This is purely for having a chuckle. This is also presented in Visual Novel fomat so you are not going to get elaborate cutscenes nor impressive animation. But that is not generally prevalent in rpgs anyway.Overall:Pros-eye candy-fun battle system-light hearted-tons of side missionsCons-tacked on goofy plot-voice acting (Even in Japanese.The English dub is beyond horrifying and you should feel bad if you use it)-midly repetetiveI tried to be as objective as I could, but personally I love this game."
76561198109880854,Recommended,282900,15095981,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Darkomiku,I've been waiting for so long! Love it!!
76561198271325423,Recommended,282900,22434282,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Sakarov,"A lot has been written on this game already but here are my two cents :- Yes this game is grind-heavy but i really didnt mind at all. That's thanks to the remake system which provided tons of milestones : i never grinded only for XP i made plan after plan and i leveled up along the way. Also you can skip all animations which makes the whole thing much faster and less tedious.- There are a few absurb spikes in difficulty at the beginning of the game. It gets better though so dont give up.- As far as RPGs goes this is more of the sitcom kind. Dont expect a deep story it's about characters you like (hopefully) having fun and being silly. With a ton of references to games.- You can play with a keyboard just fine but you'll have to remap pretty much every single key. Also the game will still display the originals buttons so you'll have to remember what is what. Took me some getting used to and a few trips to the config section.- There is a moderate amount of fan service (panties, cleavage, jiggling boobs). You can ""upgrade"" to softcore hentai with mods if you're into it.- The music is okay. Nothing i wanted to listen outside the game but nothing that made me want to turn the sound off either.- This game recycle dungeons environnements and monsters models. A lot.- The achievements are all fairly easy but will take some time. The ""millionaire"" one is particularly grind heavy, even more so if you dont have the DLCs (to raise the level limit and get access to more powerful ennemies)."
,Recommended,282900,21342207,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dymond,amazing
,Recommended,282900,25934277,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Drake Platinum,So I got the gamepad working to the actual review. A great place to start the series is always at the beginning even if its in a different dimension. It is the grindest in the series so if you think its too grindy it only gets easier. Rivals megadimension and RB2 in terms of story. Great♥♥♥♥♥game give it a go you may end up getting sucked into the series.
,Recommended,282900,28816566,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jackzera,"I had watched the anime, but never played the game, bought it in a whim... this game is just freaking good, except grinding, because grinding is never good.One of the funniest games I've ever playedPros:+The story is easy to follow and very enjoyable+Neptunia and her friends are funny as hell+Music is ok+Battle system is easy to learn and fun+Voice acting - gather some of the best VA out there, put them together and make a game, profit on it+There's a lot to do between the Plan system and all achievements+Very easygoing and relaxing game"
,Recommended,282900,25453952,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Rehezeb,"Nep is love, Nep is life."
,Recommended,282900,24184809,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,yung sora,"The game is good, although there might be bugs that cause the enemies to just stand but it's somewhat bearable so yeah"
76561198273424260,Recommended,282900,24382561,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,FarnesyFudge,"Rather than go into excrutiating detail about the game, I can pretty much sum up my experience with a random thought I had about two-thirds of the way through my first playthrough:""This is probably the closest thing I've ever seen to a 'Pani Poni Dash' videogame!""If that sounds appealing to you, them I'm sure you'll get at least some enjoyment out of this game."
,Recommended,282900,28814763,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sharpie Line,I just really enjoy this.
76561198084655878,Recommended,282900,20167620,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ERBERTER,Wii remote went to a strip club and was given an outfit with the magical powers of X-Box and♥♥♥♥♥♥which she then used to fight crime. 10/10 would fight crime with massive♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,282900,19492430,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,REƉALiCE,ProsFun and interesting storyGood references that will bring back your childhoodNepnepTop Nep.ConsIs a bit grindydon't be a lazy f*ck then.
76561198268404350,Recommended,282900,20102298,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Anata Baka,6/10 good gameplay but dialogue is too cringeworthy to play in public.
,Recommended,282900,20640483,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,kys,"A great play throughout! It took me about 36 hours to complete this game and obviously I spent some of that time farming for costumes and stuff XD So I'll say that it should occupy you for a good 30 hours of endless fun! The game is an RPG with a turn-based fighting sequence, so that should give you a general idea of how it is.Anyway, this is my summary:- Diverse Characters- Simple Storyline- No 'serious' atmosphere- 100% NEPActually, the last point IS the ONLY reason why you should play this game"
,Recommended,282900,24835273,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,U.M.R,"good game,,, cute character,,, love the story,, but problem with AMD graphic,,,,,"
76561198098589543,Recommended,282900,23663743,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Magic Stones,"Every time i start the game my friends send me steam messages such as:""♥♥♥♥ YOU WEEABOO PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;""STOP WATCHING HENTAI""""STOP PLAYING PORN""""STOP PLAYING HENTAI PORN AND COME PLAY GAMES WITH US""But i don't need them I have pudding. So they can just go die in eggplant hell.10/10 would lose all my friends again."
,Recommended,282900,24229253,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Omoikane,"To start:I had zero crashes, no extreme lags or glitches.I read all the problem fixing guides before downloading.I played with a cheap third-party 360 controller and had no issues with the controls.I got this game cheap on sale.The review:Anyone who knows me knows that anime is my jam. This game seemed a natural extension. I came into it knowing about the “bad” localization. Yes it was meme heavy, but so was the original Japanese. They were just harder for most non- Japanese speakers/culture experts to catch, much less fully understand. Even I caught maybe half. Nep talks damn fast.So all in all, I didn’t mind the script. Could they have given the option for a more direct translation and maybe a translation notes encyclopedia? Yes. Would I ever expect any game licensing/localization company to always do such a thing? No.As far as the actual plot, it was fun enough. I didn’t buy this game looking for another emo/dark/grim/agnsty etc RPG story. I wasn’t looking for a fantasy of the usual Final or Tales style. I just wanted some fun, not-so deep game that I could just play and not have to analyze every plot moment. I got exactly what I was looking for.The gameplay (DUN Dun dun):You will grind and grind and grind and grind. Just like any Shin Megami Tensei game. The enemies are hard and the battle can take time if you don’t have any grasp of the mechanics. But like all grinding RPGs, the battles get repetitive, as does the reused dungeon layouts. This is probably where I say, “A few more map designs and level styles would have helped.” So I said it.To speak a little bit more on the grinding, so as to just♥♥♥♥♥♥off the bad reviewers who hated it because it takes up so much time. Or the many, many quests that are just hour padders. The first RPG I really ever played was FF7, and to get to Lvl 70 for all my party members and maybe finishing half of the side-quests, it took me 60 some odd hours and I barely beat the final boss. The difficulty of Neptunia was not that hard to deal with.Lolis anyone?Seriously, all the reviews that complained about this… Did they even research anything about the game?Anyway, yes there are some and yes there is service. Was that a problem for me? Yeaaaaa…… Nope! If it was, I wouldn’t have bought the game, even on sale.The final:If you can handle meme, both English localized and Original Japanese; lolis in swimsuits and maid outfits, and panty shots with a camera mod; grinding lvls and learning the battle system; repetition of scenery; and just want some fun- This game might just be for you.I enjoyed my first playthrough and am ready to get started on my second so I can grab 100% of everything.NNMVert is mai waifu"
76561198075920582,Recommended,282900,24632997,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,triplekmv,"When I first stumbled across this game I thought it would just be a goofy, quick game to play but my intial impression was actually quite different from my actual impression.  Its turns out that this game actually turned out to be really fun and at times challenging, even with the bit of level grinding i had to do to beat the game.There are alot of factors i enjoy about this game.  It's a funny, entertaining story, the remake options are very fun to use, even if it did take me a  couple tries to play through and get access to all the dungeons and the remake options for the dungeons.  I'm a sucker for transformation games, I love games that give your characters some sort of transformation option, I'm a huge Dragonball Z fan, or a summoning option like in most Final Fantasy games.The chain EXE drive limits breaks are a very nice aspect.OVerall a very fun game that is entertaining enough to hold my intrest.  There is one option I would love to have and that's the option of allowing your back up characters to continue the fight if your main party gets wiped out, but other than that no real issues.Update:  I've unlocked all the extra characters and viewed the ""True Ending"", currently now i'm working on my final play though to get everything put into the game and getting to level 999 and on a quest to get my final two achievements and beat all the colosiem fights and the Super Enemies."
76561198275015370,Recommended,282900,23803395,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,natanaelnat13,"For the start-up neptunia  players this game is quite fun and challenging on its own, and this game allows you to know the basic of the stories for the future games"
,Recommended,282900,14558393,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Scarlett,Best game I've played in years.
76561198030796630,Recommended,282900,28882880,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,vambees,A fun little game that is all about breaking the 4th wall and being dangerously genre savvy.
,Recommended,282900,28615843,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SurprisedMule87,took me a while to get it. but its worth it.
,Recommended,282900,28614616,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BlazeLP - Eclip5e,I was sceptical at first if i should by or not... But after buying it i was sure i made the right decision! This is one of the best games our there! Reviews of other people werent too good either but they are wrong! I will get the sequels some time too! Gotta suggest this to some friends.
76561198340660538,Recommended,282900,29287514,Posted: 15 January,all,Polarinx7,"Alright, I'll admit it. I'm a big fan of Nep and company so it was more than obvius that I would love this game, but here comes my opinion on it anyways.I loved the gameplay, the battle system is pretty cool. Loved the whole make your own combos stuff and the chance to attack a lot in one turn.Of course, I loved the characters.As for the story, even if it wasn't so serius all the time, it was pretty solid. Also enjoyed all the references to other stuff I was able to catch.Well, for a first review, it wasn't so bad, was it? Also, the game is kinda old so maybe this review is a bit pointless but... Nep Nep."
76561198066978441,Recommended,282900,28769398,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Magic is Everything,Fun JRPG with cute characters and dialogue that breaks the fourth wall.
76561198095999967,Recommended,282900,28925213,Posted: 1 January,all,Revaltz,Very nice game to relax and enjoy for the 1st trilogy
,Recommended,282900,25693871,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,roflanEbalo1488,THE BEST CHAPTER OF HDN EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,282900,28672275,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Biri Biri,My favorite game. All I ever wanna do is Nep!
,Recommended,282900,28443268,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Zabieru,I don't mind the grinding ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198119753073,Recommended,282900,28287359,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Richter,Great game. Bought it a while ago and stopped playing it for some reason at around the 4th chapter. Many months later I came back to it and it's just as fun as I imagine it being. I am only halfway through the game and I've clocked in close to 20 hours. Very likeable characters and overall fun story to follow. MANY references to other games/anime which is also what I love. Reminds me of Disgaea in many aspects and I loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that game; this isnt any different. Highly recommended.
76561198040514799,Recommended,282900,28106224,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Burncore(nep nep),"Suprising good Models. Good fights which are very fun, but sometimes you need to grind a lot. Funny Dialogs8/10"
,Recommended,282900,28106869,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Erebar,"Its fun, I think Ill buy the other games too. (Nep-Nep)"
,Recommended,282900,28042614,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Virulent,Worth it for the character interactions alone.Also Noire is best girl.
,Recommended,282900,28049750,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Never gonna get you,Best forth wall breaking game.
,Recommended,282900,28062411,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,$HR3DZiLL@,Haven't finished this game but every second I have spent playing this game I have loved. Great rpg game full of memes and references that are good for a laugh.
76561198044675097,Recommended,282900,27963994,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tenka1000,10/10 it has cute girls
76561198042153877,Recommended,282900,20308582,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SymmetryManiac,"Pros:+ Solid gameplay+ Great story and characters (All hail Lady Blanc!)+ Good replayability (Multiple endings, new dungeons and characters to unlock)+ Tons of character customization+ Voice acting (both English and Japanese) is greatCons:- Over the top fanservice (Though some may consider this a positive)- If you don’t like self-referential humor, you won’t like this game- Fights may get repetitive after a while- You WILL have to grindBasically, if you like anime and JRPGs, you will probably like this game."
,Recommended,282900,20262780,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lewd Cinnamon,"I have dissappointed my family and my bloodline, it was all worth it for NepnepN E PEPYou can't run away from Nepunepu"
,Recommended,282900,20310755,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Haru Okumura,"Pros:Moe GrillsSuper KawaiiCons:More grinding than Sky Rail, Pyramid Cave, and Final Rush in Sonic Adventure 210/10 ""It's OK"""
,Recommended,282900,20274783,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,NeptuneFX,"**Update: Nominated this for the ""4th wall breaker"" award.**At first, I was not aware that this franchise exists at all.Then, one day I started playing some random JRPG game and noticed some Nep-Nep collaboration in it. I became curious as I wonder what in the world Nep-Nep is. So I decided to look further into it.A lot of things happened after that.And before I knew it, Nep-Nep changed my life forever.-----**On a serious note, Plutia and Peashy Battle Entry DLCs may contain spoilers to Re;Birth3 (Victory)**"
,Recommended,282900,33052431,Posted: 30 June,all,Water Maleon,Everything is great except the english dubsEdit:The camera sucks too
76561198041723757,Recommended,282900,16995479,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ematan,"Full of humor and satire, this game made me laugh time and time again. The animebullsh*t here is just the right way over the top and all kinds of reperences to either games, gaming culture or japanese weirdness are droppes frequently.  Do not judge this game by its cover. The writing is excellent and the English translation is well localised. (I played with Japanese audio and English text so I was able to compare.)True to its theme the game includes a myriad of clothing choices for the heroines - some fairly fanservise-y type :P However, even the most perverted clothing doesn't really have any better stats than the others, so the player is free to choose what clothing pleases their eye the most. I myself felt a bit disturbed by some of the swimwear stuff tbh x'DIf you are like me an obsess about getting all the achievements and unlocking all the stuff, the game will turn a bit grindy after a second playthrough (new game plus). It took me around 100h to unlock everything, but only 30h or so to complete the storyline once. (And I am a slow player who even grinds before advancing the story after any boss^^)"
,Recommended,282900,16405158,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cerbello,Got to see loli panties. 10/10
,Recommended,282900,18798410,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mario2192,why can't I hold of this fanservice? 100% recommended as well as the next games of it.
76561198029904609,Recommended,282900,17934495,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,bear_storm,"HD Neptunia is a game about games that are people.And if HD Neptunia was a person, it would be wearing an adult teddy-bear onesie, yelling shrilly about pudding, and trying to grope its little sister.You would not invite it to parties.To put all of that another way: HD Neptunia is really not a game that was made for me. It *is* a solid JRPG, one with a number of interesting (if obtuse) systems, but it's wearing a visual novel over its head like a Scooby Doo ghost costume.Neptunia is, if nothing else, a game of contrasts. It has a deeply mechanically crunchy combat and loot system, but it then spends half of the time you're playing it locking you into watching girls sit around and talk about pudding. It has a neat concept for its plot and flashes of genuine pathos in the storytelling, but then it runs right over those in its bulldozer on its way to demolish the fourth wall. Even the overwhelming lesbian undertones of the game are confused. They can't seem to decide whether they want to be about girls perving at each other for the benefit of the audience - or an actual attempt at romance between members of the (pretty much all-female) cast.If you don't have a lot of experience with JRPGs, aren't an anime nerd, and don't like visual novels, this is probably not going to be a good time for you.However, if all the reverse are true, you're probably going to like it.I ended up on the fence about this title, mostly because I'm such a dork about JRPG systems that I've been mostly ignoring the plot in favor of the gameplay, but I'm ultimately giving it a recommend in hopes that this brings more JRPGs onto steam.Ideally those would be non-pervy ones, instead of this recent barrage of Aksys and Compile Heart projects, but I'll take what I can get."
,Recommended,282900,27309212,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ThePandaSenpai,Nep is life. Nep is love.
,Recommended,282900,16570900,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Leighton,No-one must ever know of this
,Recommended,282900,16905330,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Yay,"Ok,so I bought this game during the steam sale and Honestly I only saw the pictures and it looked like a classic japanese text game because of the dialogue UI and such and I thought the combat wasnt gonna be that excited either but oh boy I was ♥♥♥♥ing wrong,This game is an excellent RPG, the dialogue actually made me chuckle a few times the combat is atually good and fun you could jsut do random fights for hours without getting boring , I havent found it grindy yet but too early too tell and oh boy the soundtrack is spectcular. If you are into games that aren't call of duty , FIFA and the rest of bro oriented games you gotta buy this and play it now."
76561198086791194,Recommended,282900,16882501,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Seikara,"After playing this game for over 100 hours, I can definitely say without a doubt that this game is worth trying out.The storyThe story was very enjoyable to play through. It does not take itself seriously and that is what I love so much about it. It dives into a topic that all gamer can relate to, The Console War. It's both stupid and fun at the same time and the game capture that feeling almost perfectly with its hilarious story line and sometimes literally laugh out loud moment. Storywise, this is the strongest part of the game without a shadow of a doubt.The gameplayThe game is a tactical strategy turn-based game where each character takes turn positioning themselves in the best way possible to deal out maximum power to as many enemies as possible. Dealing damages to enemies will fill up your ""EXE gauge"". After it is filled you are allowed to unleash some really powerful attack that will decimate your enemies in very stylistic ways. You can also create something called a ""Game Disk"" where you can burn multiple chips with various perks to help you in combat. It's very useful to get the hang of this system early on as it can help you from anywhere as increasing your EXP gained from battles to healing and replenishing your HP and SP. You can also mix and match different characters as each have their own passive abilities that will boost and help their teammates in battles. This is very important because not only are you gaining passive abilities but by putting certain characters together, you can unlock certain moves that are almost twice as powerful and effective. This leads to multiple ways to play the games. Gameplay wise, it is also solid.GraphicGraphically, this is the weakest part of the game. It was ported from the PS Vita and it really shows. The textures look terrible and there is very little customization that you can do in the game when it comes to the video setting. The details are bland and are very unsatisfying to look at. Not to mention this game reuses A LOT of enemies and dungeon making it worse as you are constantly looking at the same five or six design being stretch out to over thirty areas of the game. The enemies have very littles varieties from each others that are within their own species. It is very littles changes that just scream laziness. This is the one department that you need to really worry about and take into consideration when deciding to purchase this game.My final verdictIt was very hard for me to write that last part because I really love this game. And anytime there is a big flaw that is in the game you love it just really suck. But, if you are willing to look over the graphics and the disappointing varieties of dungeons and enemies in the game I think you can honestly have a great time with this game. My recommendation is to buy the game on sale if you are still unsure. That is what I did. I bought it for $8.99 and I don't regret a single thing. I think this game warrants a chance to be play. Even if you don't like it, you can just refund it and get your money back. So, what are you waiting for? Give the game a chance!"
,Recommended,282900,22402729,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Roxas (ง •_•)ง,"Put it on your ""catch-it-on-sale"" list.Pros- 1080p 60 fps, native controller support, no crashes in game, borderless windowed support (1080p upscaled to 1440p in my case), and none of the usual console port problems.- Skill system felt enjoyable to mess around with, and there weren't many skills that just felt so good or broken that they were the only viable strategies for certain portions of the game.- Hilarious dialogue, lots of gaming culture references, superfluous amounts of satire/puns. With terms like HDD/CPU, names of the cities (Leanbox/Lastation/Lowee aka XboX/PlayStation/Wii), numerous characters/dialogue a character who's entire existence is to contain references to Steins;Gate, and incessant 4th wall breaks, I was endlessly amused at the writing. The humor is quite cheesy, but I like cheesy humor.Cons- Very unimaginative dungeons. They are not randomly generated and some of the later ones are literally copy-pasted with some different mixes of enemies. There is literally zero puzzle solving and the exploration might as well not exist. It's also impossible to know the leveling of the zones/dungeons aside from just kind of ""remembering"" the recent ones to gauge the leveling potential.- The menu is a huge pain to navigate. Items aren't sorted alphabetically or aren't in many logical orders. You can't do something as simple as buy a weapon and equip it on the same screen, etc. Most of the out of dungeon UI navigation is very cumbersome.- Have to be sure that my controller is on when I start the game- The game consistently crashes when I start it up if it isn't the first thing that I open on Steam. This might have something to do with the fact that I consistently play with a controller? Anyway, I always had to quickly exit Steam if I wanted to play.- Large lack of information in-game. It took me a long time to even find out what the stats do! A lot of mechanics are not transparent at all, which can get quite annoying.- The ""plan"" system is pretty necessary for item advancing/crafting, but some of these parts have a large chain of item hunting that gets really tough to keep track of due to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ menu. Break out that pen and paper, I guess.I'll add a neutral point that the save system is very similar to the ones from older games. You can save during the menu outside of a dungeon and at other save points prior to boss fights and such. It might take some time to get back into the habit of saving as often as possible. You can easily lose some progress if you enter an event and it involves a boss fight, which is very annoying the first few times.Overall, the game feels like it should have come out in the early 2000s. It reminds me a lot of a 2001 game called Dark Cloud. I enjoyed Dark Cloud a couple of times, but i definitely became more aware of its glaring flaws/shortcomings as I got older and played better games. Additionally, the road blocks in the game can't be overcome by many skillful execution or innovative ideas; instead, you just grind to get more levels. In that regard, it's extremely similar to Pokemon. Since I grew up enjoying both of those games, I think that's the only reason I really enjoyed this one.At the end of the day, I'd give it a 6.3/10."
,Recommended,282900,16158650,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Hresvelgr Ater,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a very educational game that I recommend to all people of any age group.The following are some of the things that this game has taught me:-Give your soul to Nep-Nep-Pudding is an essential part of one's diet-Lesbian relationships are the best kind of relationships, especially harem types-Nep = everythingI believe that every educational facility should include walkthroughs of this game, as well as every scene with Nep-Nep, in their curriculum, so that the youth can grow (or shrink) to be just like Nep-Nep. It is also highly recommended that they legally distribute copies of this game to the students by gifting it to their Steam accounts, as well as replace all cafeteria entries with various types of pudding.I hope you have found this review useful in your search for life's purpose, and have been convinced to support Nep-Nep in all her glory. So, rather than read my understatement of a review, go ahead and buy this game and all its DLC. Also, please continue your support by purchasing all future Nep-Nep titles, as well as spread the glory of our Goddess Nep-Nep. Good Nep to all you Neps."
,Recommended,282900,15395447,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Minoumimi™,Need more games like this Nuff said =3Totally worth it but very time consumingBut everytime i head Compa say Nepu Nepui just go into a rage and scream KAWAIIIIIIIIEvery single timeIf i am not mistaken this takes place before the anime so play it before if you never saw the animeTotally recommended
,Recommended,282900,25201317,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,adil,"The perfect mix between RPG and VN. If you like any of these and aren't put off by Japanese stuff then this game (or even the whole rebirth series) is for you.It plays like a fairly easy turn based JRPG.It is a very funny visual novel.Wide variety of characters (boobs, no boobs, siscon, etc..).Lots of fan service!The grind is mostly okay but some part of it might be quite tedious if you're after achievements."
76561198091686186,Recommended,282900,17372104,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Liam,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198079438889,Recommended,282900,14364625,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,MooGle,"So, after almost 21 hours, I can safely say: Yes, fun has been had so far. Completely new to the Hyperdimension Neptunia games, it is quite enjoyable. However, it is a port. Without a controller, the controls definately take getting used to, and rebinding helps a great deal. I personally switched right bumper to E, and changed the Y button to J. That solved most of my issues, control-wise.The game content itself is enjoyable, adorable, and contains moe breast fanservice. The characters are adorable. Although, I will say I went directly to the DLC from the very beginning, because I got the game nearly immediately. Had a few issues with glitches early on, but glitches were quickly taken care of. And as far as that goes, as a first look, it's been enjoyed."
,Recommended,282900,16731176,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,rituals,blanc best girl
,Recommended,282900,16752939,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sparty,blanc isb e s t
,Recommended,282900,33793356,Posted: 25 July,all,LoliconSuspect,"GraphicsAs in all Neptunia games we have georgous art in visual novel segments by Tsunako. In gameplay segments: adequete quality for characters and attack animations. Nothing too fancy but good enough.  Sadly ps2 or even ps one quality for dungeons. Massive reuse of assets.8/10 for visual novel segment.5/10 for the rest.SoundWhile all Rebirth games share most of the soundtrack, Rebirth1 is the one which uses it in the best way. From the main menu theme to normal battle themes, boss battle themes and power up music etc. You will remeber tracks from this game.8/10.Plot/CharactersTypical Nep plot. There is some evil and plot can suddenly be serious, but for the most part it's about laughs. Various references to games, anime, manga, japanese pop culture and general humor known to fans of j-things in the form of various tropes.Another thing is the fact that the games is the remake of the first HDN. The first HDN was expected to be a one-shot. It obviously meant that the plot feels slightly differen't compared to the later games and while the remake makes changes to the plot it still feels somewhat different. Not better or worse but different. It's somewhat refreshing if your played the other Nep games. Another thing is that this is the only Rebirth game which treats Arfoire as a serious character. Sure the main cast gets to laugh at her, but in this game she is threated ultimately as a serious character and gets some justice in the end.There is also the matter of DLC and optional characters. The cpu candidates are compleatly optional and arive very late to the game (if you even bother with them), they only have an introduction event and that's it. DLC characters are also another problem. While Histoire isn't a problem due to the fact the she is part of the main plot the other characters in the form of Plutia and Peashy (HDN: Victory/Rebirth3 characters) are a problem. The plot doesn't recognize that that they exist and they basicly serve as p2win characters for the player in the begining of the game. IF/Compile have proven that they CAN handle DLC characters and provide plot for them. Look at Megadimension and DLC characters from that game: Nitro+, Milion Arthur and God Eater-chan.8/10GameplayAs is all Rebirth games, somewhat grindy and simple battle mechanic but ultimatly somewhat addicting due to simplicity and nice attack animations.Sadly it has it's dificulty spikes. I think everybody who didn't complty overlevel his/her charaters will remember ""that"" fight with Black Heart.7/10OverallIf you're not alergic to Japan and want a nice character driven comedy you should definitly play Rebirth1. It's a great introduction to the series and one of better games of the series.8-/10"
76561198030250504,Recommended,282900,14427365,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Heatgold,"I played the original first Neptunia game on ps3 and this remake is totally worth it even on grounds of graphical upgrade alone, mine you I am using Durante's patch. The game looks gorgeous for me and the extra stuff are abundant. I do not recommend rushing the story; I am taking my sweet time to unlock all dungeons and collect rare drops and craft overpowered weapons. In short, one of the best remakes I've ever played. Hopefully, we get all Idea factory's catalogue including the incoming ones."
,Recommended,282900,15428061,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ส็็็A wrenchin' Nep,"Pray to god that the enemy doesn't attack 9001 times before it's your turn so that you can unlock dungeons in order to make your characters wear swimwear-Simulator 2015Alright, serious review time... if that's even possible.This game cannot really be taken serious.The humor is amazing.Each character and some monsters are references to games, consoles and/or companies. You can fight against pipes from SMB, ghosts from Pacman, pixelvaders, and floating screenshots of a visual novel. Yes.The first companions you meet are Compile Heart and Idea Factory. I mean companies. I mean Compa. And IF.RPGs often leave questions, such as simply{LINK REMOVED},,WHY?!?!?WUT IS DIS RPG LODJIC"", but it's not hard to find answers in this game. For example, the first weapon the main character gets is a wooden sword she found in a dumpster. Why did she take it with her? Maybe for...LARPing? (Live Action Role Playing). She's a gamer, btw. And when she enters the forest there's a bunch of dogoos (a mix of dog and slime I guess). And they sound like disgusting pedophiles.cute girl + wooden sword + slimes which sound like pedophiles = FIGHTWhen a scene gets really intense, then Neptune usually ruins it by being childish and loud and making some stupid heroic entry, and the other characters tell her that she's ruining the experience for the player. The player and the game are being referred to quite often by the characters, actually. They encourage write♥♥♥♥ to write fanfictions about it, more or less directly.What about the Waifus? Well, in this game there's pretty much every type of girl. There are loud, childish ones, there are calm, nice but naughty ones, there are calm girls who can however get REALLY angry, there are sleepy, slow, really kind girls who can transform into half-naked, fast, sadistic women, there are cute ones, shy ones, flat breasts, big udders, s'is goddit all. It's got it all.The actual gameplayIt's a turn based RPG, but very different to most.What's typical:Turn basedattack, skills, guard, items, escape optionsget exp, money and items from killing enemiesget money and items from finishing questsbuy equipment and items from the storesome sort of Tech bar (the Exe Drive Gauge)some sort of ,,Your team was surprised!"" system (Symbol attacks)What's special:A three-dimensional factor: You can walk around during your turn to, for example, get closer to enemies or to run away, get as many enemies as possible with an attack affecting an area, close a gap between your teammates and select yourself with a heal-environment skill to heal all teammates surrounding you (as well as yourself).Combos: Once you attack, you can perform 3 additional attacks. There's Rush combos, Power combos and Break combos. Power combos deal the most damage to the health bar, Break combos deal the most damage to the guard bar (once the guard bar's depleted all attacks do more damage to that enemy until it regenerates), and Rush Combos fill your Exe Drive Gauge much quicker than other attacks (You don't need them as long as you haven't unlocked the gauge (by making progress in the story)). You get stronger combos as you level up, you need to choose which combos you want to use in battle yourself. My advice: Just choose strong Rush and Power combos, and leave Break Combos entirely.Exe Drive Gauge: It's a bar which fills up if you deal damage. If you charged it in one battle, you keep the charge in all other battles in the dungeon until you leave it. You can use it in two different ways:1. It unlocks the 4th combo attack in battles. Using it does NOT deplete the EDG.2. It unlocks the ultimate attacks of your characters in battles. Using them DOES deplete the EDG.Depending on how far you progressed in the story, you can have 0-4 charges. A 4th combo may require 1 charge to work, some 2, some 3. Same goes with ultimates.Transformations: Goddess characters, or CPUs can transform into HDD (Hard Drive Divinity). Transformations take 20% of your SkillPoints, but the character becomes stronger, the appearance and personality changes (as well as names and descriptions of some skills) and skills don't take as many SP as they did before. You need to unlock HDD  before you can use it, by progressing in the story. (DLC characters and unlockable characters (check guides to see them) start off with unlocked HDD).Plans: You can customize many things. With plans, you can enable items popping up in the store, you can make enemies stronger or weaker, you can change items and enemies in dungeons to get special loot, you can unlock new dungeons. To get the swimwear I mentioned you gotta unlock many many dungeons, and sometimes you can miss a plan because you progressed too far. So you gotta load an older save (There's 50 slots) or play through the game and start over with your OP characters. With plans you can also unlock special characters, the sisters. If you've watched the anime of HDN or played the second game, you know what I'm talking about.Symbol attacks: If you run into an enemy, whether the enemy gets the first blow or you do depends on the stats of your characters. If an enemy runs into you, they'll get the first blow. If you press the attack button and hit an enemy before it hits you, you get the first blow (Symbol attack).There's only 1 fully animated scene, and that is shortly after you start playing. Dialogue happens just like in a visual novel, with 1-3 characters standing infront of you as a spectator. The characters are animated (breathing, mouth movements, random blinking, head movement) which makes it seem sort of 3D. Except for the mouth animations, I find them all really well done. I wish they'd move their arms or something, though. Of course there's a text box containing English subtitles, whether you chose Japanese or English voice acting.English voice acting is okay I guess, but obviously the Japanese voices fit the characters much better and are less forced. Compa's English VA did a damn good job, though. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Getting into the game might feel a bit strange, especially if you're playing with a keyboard, then it'll feel VERY strange. But after 2 dungeons I didn't really have problems memorizing the controls anymore, except for a few misclicks here and there, where I'd skip a round by accident.The music is pretty awesome. It's got epic music, comedic anime music, retro music. Yeah... don't know what else to say about it.Boss fights can be really long, but I like the challenge. You can skip any attack animation by pressing some button, but I forgot what it's called on the gamepad. I'm playing with keyboard.Graphics:Terrain: Low resolutionEnemies: Depends on the style of the enemy. Some enemies look anime-like, some enemies look realistic. If an enemy is a blue block, then it's a blue block. Probably looks good. But a dragon looks realistic. Reminds me of deathclaws from Fallout 3 and F:NV: Edgy model, low resolution textures. It gets better in the later games.Characters: Very nice. They're the main focus, after all.Animations: Depending on the animation, either awesome, okay or awful. But hey, the original game's some years old.PC portSome players can't start this game. That's because they're missing an MSVCP110.dll, or they have a faulty one. Download Visual C++ Redistributable for Visual Studio 2012 Update 4, install x64 and x86. Done.Keyboard binds don't show up on the screen.A few texture/model placement errors (For example, Nepgear's MK2 HDD C processor part: hair texture's upside-down)DLCs:Either they're free or they cost 1€. Go buy them. Goh ween.This is an awesome, funny, cute game. Although I don't like turn based RPGs, I love this. It's probably the 3D factor."
,Recommended,282900,27287312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neptune,First of the series to be ported and let me tell you its an amazing game.
76561198090558333,Recommended,282900,33815513,Posted: 26 July,all,Deko,10/10 great and long storywould get killed by doggo again
,Recommended,282900,34074050,Posted: 6 August,all,Neptune Is Best Waifu,"I thought that this game was quite good. It has a nice spin on the classic RPG style elements featured in that of Quest 64 on the N64. The characters are quite well done, with just the right amount of nepping to give it that edge. The game can get a little repetitive as it goes on, but it is an rpg. the dlc characters are quite well done too, although it would be nice to see a different story line, or maybe interactions in cutscenes featuring dlc characters as well. all around a good game, would recommend"
76561198090732202,Recommended,282900,17409460,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,An Unaccompanied Miner,"Let's answer the question ""Should you buy it?"" right now:Do you generally like anime?Yes? Buy it.No? Stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from this game.Why?Because this game is pretty much a playable anime. It has all the tropes, plot, and ""plot ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"" that you'd find in pretty much all anime. However, it does certain things different from most generic anime that makes this game series stand out and end up being highly entertaining.Now when you look at the screenshots, you might think, ""oh, this is one of *those* games, along the lines of Huniepop and the Sakura games."" Don't worry. It's not as bad as you might expect. While there's no doubt there's fanservice, it's never really the focus of the game. Most of the gameplay revolves around looking at the back of these characters, not the front, and you'll be focused on the action (think Kill La Kill but less smart about it). The other half of the game will be the visual novel part, which stays pretty mild most of the time.The plot it's nothing too special. You have a world to save like pretty much every game out there, but this time you're a goddess...that's a anime waifu representation of consoles. The thing that stands out is the most is the actual dialogue. It's just funny and entertaining as hell and the characters are for more interesting when you pay attention to what they say vs what they are (most of them are fairly trope-y).As for the gameplay, I haven't played many jrpgs so I can't say how good it is objectively, but I must say I found it fairly enjoyable. Essentially you position your characters to kill enemies with three different types of attacks. Your attacks can get upgraded different ways, either with elemental augments or with the most damage or hits. It gets repetitive, but I found it competent even though there's room for improvement.The music is like the gameplay; it's repetitive, perhaps more so. But it's nice. It's catchy. I like the tunes and never found them annoying. It's love or hate.I have two major cons though: manually saving only (aka no autosaving) and grinding. If you die, you get kicked back to the last time you made a manual save. This can ruin your playthrough so make sure you save very often. I did this on accident TWICE losing a good amount of progress and grinding. And grinding is necessary. When you reach the next story boss, they'll always be extremely tough to beat. This makes you required to constantly farm on enemies around your level so you don't get demolished in battle. Fortunately there are grinding guides, but it doesn't make it any less frustrating.All in all, I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of anime in general. You don't have to be a  weeaboo to enjoy this, but even if you're just a casual fan and find the artstyle serviceable then you'll probably enjoy this. There's enough that differentiates it from most other anime and anime games that makes the game (and the rest of the series) from feeling generic or tripe.The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.TL;DR came for ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°), stayed for actually good gameplay and funny dialogue"
,Recommended,282900,15899427,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,resettia,"First off, I'd like to say that I watched the HDN anime first without even knowing what it was about. Eventually, I found out that its origins were from a game (a terrible one). I was a bit skeptical at first when I bought it, but it was 50% off so why not?Based on the many reviews I've read about the original game, I'm glad that I bought this one. The Remake System that is included in the HDN Re;Birth 1 has done wonders for the game and allowed for drastic improvements to be made overall.I don't want to get into any spoilers, but I will say that this is one of the best JRPG I've laid my hands on.The artwork, plot, characters, music. EVERYTHING JUST FITS PERFECTLY.Maybe it's just me, but the BGM during boss fights and EXE drives gives me tingles every time I get into a battle.  The light-hearted personality of Neptune just makes everything 9999% better.I've only just recently hit lvl 999 with Neptune alone and I'm planning on doing the rest.This game is awesome. I haven't even slept yet and I don't even regret it.Nep-Nep 2 sugoi"
76561198053611320,Recommended,282900,25558166,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Loli-Kael,"I originally bought this as a gag, only to find out it was actually pretty dang good.Gameplay was pretty good and easy to pick up, game of pants pretty reasonable, and the dialogue and characters are super fun. Not a huge fan of the visual novel style for exposition, but it works for the game. You do have to run through it twice to get everything unlocked though.9/10, will continue the series."
,Recommended,282900,21768148,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,JumaX9,I bought this game just two weeks ago.I'm buying it now for a friend so we can fight over our waifus.
,Recommended,282900,21817206,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ExtremeDude2,This is what I play when no one is home.
,Recommended,282900,21958642,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,DrDeath,No regrets....10/10 would make cute girls fight giant monsters
,Recommended,282900,22028855,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,おちんちん,"omg this is like the best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever created like holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥wow what a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥is like really this is so good and also the best ♥♥♥♥ing thing everya knowi need help/53would most ♥♥♥♥ing definitely ♥♥♥♥ing like really would reccomend to my el muchachayys and al chicocosget this gayme you will most definitively want to kill yourself after though, i do7/10 it's pretty good"
76561198037059610,Recommended,282900,22114697,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,UtsuhoReiuji,"After playing 94 hours on the game and feel quite ""finished"" with it, unlocking almost everything and getting up to lvl 999 and grabbed all legendary gears, i'll just say ""wow"".Story: Kind of generic, but i liked it, and i fell in love with some of the characters here.Graphics: Well, i think they were fine and up to a pretty OK standard, didn't find much to complain about really.Dungeons: You will notice in maybe 1-2 hours of game play of re-made maps, they are well made but i feel that it's kinda boring to meet slight alteration of the dungeons.VA: I only speak from experience of the Japanese voice actors, so i can't say anything for the English ones, but i've heard they have been good for being English voice actors.Characters: Yes, they are kind of generic personalities you find all over japanese anime/manga/games, but i didn't feel like they destroyed the enjoyment of the game.Music: Some songs here are epic and good, but i didn't find anyone being ""bad"".All in all i'd give it a 8/10, could have done a better job on the dungeons and story only being about 35 hours long (with grinding, seen speed runs as low as 1.5 hours long).But the experience and fun i've had was well worth the money."
,Recommended,282900,22040886,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Akiralim,"Good story mean good game, so this is a good game."
,Recommended,282900,22044363,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"Taking into account the scale of the game there is easiliy over 50+ hours worth of content in this game, very well made JRPG with quite a few comical references to other games.Pros:. Has an in depth character customization system, including a ""Super form"" which also gies you even further customization options.. 60 FPS ( Requirement for me nowadays ). good graphics.. Plenty of hours of gameplay, well worth the asking price.COns:. Mediocre story. Can get quite repetitive.Overall I would recommend this game. it's well worth the asking price of the game and has enough content to keep you engrossed for at least 20 hours if you focus only on story."
,Recommended,282900,21779625,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Skylotus,TAKE AL MY NEP NEPS
,Recommended,282900,21846125,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Hanny butterfly,MORE LIKE HYPERDIDMENSION COMPA
,Recommended,282900,21916969,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,N!ghTM@Re$*%,6:00amGrindGrindGrindGrind5:00am... seems legit. [nods]I will always remember this as where 2 pieces of cloth could be the most expensive thing you can buy in a game.
76561197994991146,Recommended,282900,21928927,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,prime92,"I've fallen in love with this game. I do feel the difficulty changes wildly througout the game. Sometimes it's stupidly easy one moment, and then crushingly difficult ; then back to super easy. I do love the characters in this game and all the references in it. They had me when one of the characters mentioned ""Trans AM"" which is from Gundam 00. I'm so glad I bought the next two in this series so I can stay in this world longer."
76561198023820594,Recommended,282900,22033997,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,samble91,love it
76561198110653568,Recommended,282900,19374907,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,皮肉,Pro :+ Plutia [DLC]+ Blanc+ Neptune+ Peashy [DLC]+ Vert+ NoireCons :- nothingI love all of goddess
,Recommended,282900,19376104,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,59azul,"An interesting idea mixed with great characters, what's not to love?Also, it has Nep-Nep."
,Recommended,282900,20193222,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,zT Thunder™,Enjoying this game so far. It's funny as heck. the dialog is funny and the combat is challenging but still enjoyable. 5/5
,Recommended,282900,21847237,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,UwU,This is the most cutest game I ever played 10/10
76561198201999625,Recommended,282900,21868935,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Madnerd35,Total worth playing
,Recommended,282900,21864980,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,stop telling me anime isnt real,"why the ♥♥♥♥ are you looking at me like that1v1 nep meno mum dont leave me hereno plsill stop i swearMAM11/10, is helping me study for my business management sac.not rly but it would be a great feature in a future update ty"
,Recommended,282900,21998037,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Shazbuddy,Why is this good
76561198032007647,Recommended,282900,21945433,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Nocturnus,Im just going to give this game a 75/100 could have used more work still good as far as pc port's go.
,Recommended,282900,24218931,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LogicallySound,"If this is the developer's apology for the utterly unplayable abortion of a game that was the original Hyperdimension Neptunia on PS3, my answer is this: apology accepted.Re;birth1 chops away all of the awful bits of the original first game (almost all of it except for the basic scenario and characters) and replaces them with a properly fun game system. I can now recommend Neptunia to JRPG lovers in good conscience."
,Recommended,282900,16621470,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cronix,best game ever69/10 ign
76561198237662322,Recommended,282900,21862838,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,alasterjthomas,"This game is awesome. There may be some parts where the frame rate will cause the game to crash. However, gamplaywise, it is worlds better and easier than the first game in the series. The Remake system will make the game so much easier and the best part is it isn't forced on you like the first games combat system. You can make the game as hard or as easy as you want."
76561198264742452,Recommended,282900,21953877,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,jayluvzmetal,"This game is pretty much amazing in every aspect. It's got awesome graphics, characters u just get attached to very easily. An awesome story with a goofy humor and just sooo worth it. This was my first game from the series and I already plan to get all of the ones in steam sometimes soon I mean like.... WHY NOT!?!  0-0Plus... Blanc Is just to cute @__@Get this game ASAP u won't regret it!"
,Recommended,282900,22055983,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Reveldime,This game taught me that courage is not going offline first before playing this game.10/10 would lose friends again for this game.
,Recommended,282900,21813952,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MLEM,Five stars game!!Recomended!!
76561198152534290,Recommended,282900,21965591,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Badgerborn,"I've never really been much of an JRPG fan, mainly because i've not played any of this type before, i'm more the sort of person that'd spend countless hours in an Elder scrolls, Fallout, or Borderlands game.That said i've been having more fun with this than i did with Fallout 4.This game is ADDICTIVE, this game is FUN and CUTE, this game puts a pudding smile on the front of my head."
,Recommended,282900,21766986,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,100% Pudding,"Blanc be like ""Eh, Yo Thundertits!"" and Vert be all like ""You be da least fitting."" And they had a Pudding fight then Neptune was like ""I got a VAC-Secure Server maaaaaates!"" And then the Playstation 3 was like ""I'MA. WHOOP. SOME. ASSSSSSSSS!!!  D:<"" And they DOSA dat chick about a week ago! So now Xbox live still don't work and Compas be like ""♥♥♥♥ off."" Den Sega be all like ""Lik if u cri evry tim."" Then she be like, ""I'ma smack a ♥♥♥♥♥!""9,002 / 10, Would buy this game infinite times. Can't wait to see what happens in Hyper;Dimen;sion Re;Birth 2;; S;i;s;t;e;r;s;G;e;n;e;r;a;t;i;o;n.WHOOP WHOOP GET NEEEEEEEEEEEEEPED!"
76561198001663078,Recommended,282900,21856571,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,BabaCorum,"After a grueling and frustrating 90+ hours of gameplay, I have finally all the achievements. I'm talking time spent looking for the places in the game I can farm for the items necessary to get an item I want, only to realize it was in a missable dungeon forcing me to do a third and fourth playthrough, in addition to a ridiculous amount of time wasted on farming the millionnaire achievement, but now my life is finally complete.Wait, what do you mean Re;Birth2 & Re;Birth3?FUUUUUUUUUU10/10"
76561198152288404,Recommended,282900,21906503,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,A r i a umu!!,:)
76561198047483336,Recommended,282900,21917827,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Cat Shark,"This game is a great game if you would like to find a funny and quirky JRPG. The mechanic of the games may not be the liking to some people, but it still being complemented by other aspect of the game."
,Recommended,282900,22093634,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,XSSpeed,It's a fun game... yep... that's all I got really...
76561198106046813,Recommended,282900,21891403,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Takagi,The Nep Nep is so!!~ Strong in this game!!~
,Recommended,282900,21759882,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Artizt,Amazing game. HD :D
76561198018374695,Recommended,282900,21761952,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,butterfingerPP,"Review for Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1This game has some of the worst voice acting I have ever heard, BUT it is funny. There is lots of comedy and some fan service, but nothing to tasteless that I have seen yet. I really like that classic jrpg battle style that I wish a lot of games would still use. The art is done well and is like watching a good anime."
,Recommended,282900,21805283,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Remu~ ❤,Nep Nep?I feel addict to this game. :D
,Recommended,282900,21815893,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Beyondzer0,Nep Nep.
76561197997035960,Recommended,282900,21940400,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,WeAthFolD,* Super addictive* Make roommates not talk to you* Nep!10/10 (11/10 If there could be less grinding and better in-game item/dungeon guide)
76561198039694308,Recommended,282900,21968730,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Shironeko,N
,Recommended,282900,21985137,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jakomadara,"i'm playing on laptopplay it with my sisterwe both like itnear is my parent watching TVmy mother comment Vert breast too bigbut she just flow with itafter playingi'm interested making some custard puddingproblem is our fridge is brokenthe pudding didn't make itRIP pudding, someday it will be a success"
,Recommended,282900,19413024,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Squirrelton,"best game of the century, 14/10"
76561198096209632,Recommended,282900,18017766,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,kiesowingme4,good mix of old school jrpg gameplay with modern graphics.
76561198086452771,Recommended,282900,18663801,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,『　　』,Excellent Waifu Material
76561198069083018,Recommended,282900,19351006,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,「♥InfernoCop♥」,10/10Broke my right hand playing.♥
,Recommended,282900,19299873,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,❥ ᑎᕮᑭᑭℐᑎ₢§ ❥,Very neppable.I give a Nep/10.
,Recommended,282900,19361794,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Vivivi,"A rather simple JRPG with visual novel elements; with plenty of moe included.Basically you:Farm levels, see moe stuff, farm levels, see moe stuff, farm more levels, see more moe stuff, and so on..They aren't bad things though, because I got hooked on to it pretty quickly, and it was... fun!"
,Recommended,282900,19337300,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,󠀡K',"Great game with cute girls doing things. Well, this game was so good that I went on an endeavour to get all the achievements on this game. This is a lie. I just needed an excuse for spending hours on a Neptunia game after I had completed it. Don't worry, my family aren't too dissapointed, they'll be gone soon for trying to oppose my insatiable lust of Nep, and you will, too, be gone soon if you do not succumb to your hidden desires for Nep..."
,Recommended,282900,19364278,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ryckka,Hyperdimension Neptunia is a must-have for every JRPG fan. Nothing more to say.BUY IT. PLAY IT. LOVE IT.
,Recommended,282900,19044872,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Mei,"I'm Actually On A Midpoint On This Game, But Since I Pretty Much Like This Game, I'll Give A Thumbs Up.Pros:-Anime(If You Like It!)-Cliches EVERYWHERE. It's Great. (Assuming You Like Cliches)-Tropes(?)-Kawaii Anime Grils That Have A Secondary Form-People Who Like This Will Most Likely Start To Want The Rest Of The Games, Unfortunatly For PC Gamers, Only The Remakes Are Coming To PC. The Remakes Are Probably Better Though.-(DISCLAIMER: I HAVE NOT PLAYED THE ORIGINALS.) Probably More Laid Back Story Than The Predecessors. (AGAIN. DISCLAIMER: I HAVE NOT PLAYED THE ORIGINALS.)-Implied Yuri(Go Search It Up If You Don't Know.)-Always That One Gamer Perv, Tsundere(Search It Up.), Quiet One That Explodes(Metaphoriclly) When Angered, And Fourth-Wall Breaker.-One Hell Of An Achivement Hunt.(At The Time Of Making This Review, I Have 3 Achievements To Get. Two Of Which Are Pretty Hard Achievements.)Con:-Controls Are A Bit Wonky, But When You Get Them All Sorted Out, They're Perfectly Fine. Also, This Game Is A PS Game, So I Think It's In Your Best Interest To Get The Steam Controler Or A PC PS Controler. I Didn't Have One.-Too Many References That The Game Could Suffice Without.-Ecchi(? Depending If You're Ok With It.)-Lots Of DLC, More Money Needed.-No Playable Male Character. AT ALL. (Common Cliche For A Male To Have His Harem Of Girls, All Of Which Are In Love With Him.)"
76561198069081493,Recommended,282900,19344673,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,jackson.teoh.sc,"Nepu-Nepu made me buy all 3 games.In all seriousness though, if you like JRPG and brighter, comedic atmosphere, buy this game. There is grinding but if you love seeing your exp bars increase, this is a game for you too.If you are into quick games, then I wouldn't recommend this game as this game does take some commitment and repetitive grinding. but still fun to experiment character combinations.And also... Nepu-Nepu made me buy all 3 games."
,Recommended,282900,19380244,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jim Parsons,So I bought this game because i heard about the original from a friend a good year or two ago. I now realize why he is now an emo weeaboo.9.5/10 Would Nep again
,Recommended,282900,18830187,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Tet,"Anthropomorphic video game consoles kicked your♥♥♥♥♥ and now, with the help of the game's developers, you must fight piracy."
,Recommended,282900,33896910,Posted: 29 July,all,Xerisato,Doctor: You Only Have 3 Hours Left To LifeMe: KMe: *Play The Game And Fight Noire
,Recommended,282900,15271866,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,TryHardBAKA,Good game I love it!
,Recommended,282900,15272516,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Red,Gud.
76561198115930268,Recommended,282900,15666502,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Hoodified Hooded Hood,"I'll get straight to the point,- Lolis = Check- Twin lolis = Check- Bewbs = Check- Jiggling bewbs = Double Check- Tsundere = Check- Kuudere = Check- Ninja = Check- Huge azz gun = Check- Cute outfit = Check- Hanakana = Check- Chrisstiiiiina (Steins;gate reference) = Check- Swimsuits = CHECK !- Waifu material = Check !nothing beats a cute girl in swimsuits11/10 would buy them outfits instead of weapons"
,Recommended,282900,15273374,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Gawainn of Painn,"Owned all the 3 series in the PS3, and I can say that this game is a good purchase indeed if you guys doesn't own any PS Vita."
,Recommended,282900,34418131,Posted: 22 August,all,Dino,"I will start of by saying I can see why this game has quite a big following, at least from what i've seen compaired to the other Idea Factory games i've played.I would definitely recommend it, as the characters are lovable, the diologue amusing due to running jokes and references, and the dungeons can be changed through ""plans"" so that grinding is less repetitive, as I know that can sometimes be annoying with some RPGs, so for people like me, there you go. The game is long. I have just completed it and am starting NG+, and have already accumulated 100+ hours, so that is another factor to consider. The difficulty is challenging but not too difficult, as a bit of grinding and the right items will go a long way.Though I will say this - if you're not a fan of JRPGs, don't have the patience to grind levels for a while or don't love cute anime girls and lots of boob jokes (though who doesn't really?) Then this game probably isn't for you."
,Recommended,282900,21692349,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Rumble,:^) love this game.kek.
,Recommended,282900,21716156,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,DeathBayne,Love this game!!!
,Recommended,282900,21637273,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mnemophage,It's fun! It's colorful! It references nerd culture in such a recursive navel-gazing fashion that the lore actually seems original!Then the boobs bounce.I am a traitor to my entire gender.
,Recommended,282900,21702646,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Kagerou,"The battle system is unique and fun to play with, and a ""Wow"" to the fanservices (Maybe)"
,Recommended,282900,21687325,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ganguro,Just cuteness kawaii overload! What can I say more?
,Recommended,282900,21703460,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,PhantomNet15,Anime girls run in 60 fps with realistic boobs's physics. Choose your best girl and maxed out her level.
76561198113881719,Recommended,282900,21677735,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,xXMoonlightXx,".......this was bloooooody ammmmmazing. I had a blast playing this gem right here. The storyline was compelling and the characters absolutely adorable and at the same time...BADASS. So let;s go more in depth shall we..My likes:1. The storyline and generally the whole concept of cpus, hdd drive, cds, cassettes...the whole works. Absolutely compelling, plus some instances in the game is absolutely funny.2. Characters as mentioned before are well put together, unique and we haave quite a lot of anime themes coming in, tsundere, yandere, the whole works....cough cough, might see likkle yuri too.3. Battle system was also a charm, I must admit though the default controls were shiite.....had to change them to suit my purpose.4. Requires at least 40 hrs to complete main storyline and sidequests will require much more...Dislikes.1. As mention before, default pc contolllers....no just no.2. I know the thing seh 'risky and hard' monsters but..... have likkle chill compile heart company studio..3. This true ending thing, listen I got the true ending by complete chance...but seh mi never get it...why not give some hints on how to or what I did. This has happen to me with the first two agarest games that is also with this company..... should i push the redbutton or not-_-Overall, as mentioned I enjjoooyed this. So if you have interest in jrpgs this is for you. Have fun.P.S Btw...........I purchased Rebirth 2 annnd I dont know how the hootsfloots I cannt run it although I play this one with u know issues, but it was playable. I really just wissshed that companies port their games properly. If it aint broke....NUH FIX IT-_____-"
,Recommended,282900,21713228,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ルーク,hands dpwn this game is great it has the ability to be played for hours upon hours
,Recommended,282900,21717123,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ToddTheUndying,DUDE MEMES LMAO
,Recommended,282900,15285391,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Dick Brickburger,got attacked by fat otakus10/10
,Recommended,282900,15471117,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Oct,pudding
,Recommended,282900,22639308,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,vanrian,Fun with a great story
,Recommended,282900,16734486,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,raixel,"Its a very japanese cute anime moe RPG. You know, anime chicks with chirpy voices and jiggling♥♥♥♥♥♥in tiny elaborate costumes wielding huge weaponry (giant syringe FTW). Full English and Japanese voice, subtitles and decent although most is not really animated art. The animated art battles are cool, if you like seeing scantily clad chicks do the traditional jump up in the air summon weaponry and fight anime battles. It feels very JRPG consoley. Run around on a giant map, hit enemies or they hit you and a battle starts. Battles are turn based with the ability to run around and choose attacks, and the plot is incomprehesible about some game-land where there are 4 goddesses, one of which gets ganged up on and booted out down to the land where the mortals are, where she is rescued by another jiggly chirpy girl. But youre not here for the plot.If you're an otaku fanboy looking for your waifu, or you're a weeaboo, you'll love this game. I'm not so sure on my end, cuz I'm not really into the whole scantily clad anime female fighting other scantily clad females as the♥♥♥♥♥♥jiggle away.But for what it is, and for people that are into it, its good. So I'm not rating it down, with the caveat it is VERY japanese and VERY anime moe RPG. If youre into that, you could do way worse than get this game. If youre not, the chirpy voices and fanservice will annoy you quickly."
76561198038858313,Recommended,282900,16415690,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Comfy,"It's a very niche game made on a tight budget. Expect a lot of reused content (identical dungeons, palette swap enemies), and that everything happens in a VN way, mostly offscreen. If you like JRPGs, you might find the content a little bit too thin.With that in mind, I'd recommend the game just on this ""something"" it has that kept me playing. The characters are likeable and the dialogue humorous. The writing is very self-aware and has a lot of references, but it has charm, the references and 4th wall breaking moments are overt enough not to feel forced or heavy-handed. There's some fanservice, but it's not sleazy, just a scene of Neptune getting a bandage bikini early on and later some awkward hugs.The music is catchy, battle animations and 3d models are well-animated, there's a lot of different weapons and outfits to grind for, and the battle system is complex enough to be interesting throughout the whole game (there's a battle animation button skip under left bumper, which eases the pain of grinding a lot).Buy it if you'd like a laid-back story and just a bit of challenge. Don't if you don't like moeshit anime.Iffy a best."
,Recommended,282900,15209224,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,zOmBy,Very addictive JRPG with fan-service everywhere.
76561198071429626,Recommended,282900,24531203,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Angel,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1, I love this game. I haven't played any of the previous installments of this series, but I personally do not feel like I'm missing out on anything.Pros:Witty and comical humor! (Nep-Nep makes this game great)Fun and intersting combatThe game delivers what a jrpg is - grinding levels (I enjoy constant battles to increase my characters levels and power)The story is actually fun to followSo many outfits to choose from!Cons:Because of the constant need to grind, the game doesn't feel as large as it should. Your time spent is in the same dungeons over and over.Lack of in-depth character customization (I didn't really expect this game to have it, but it would have been nice to have just a little more variety.The game is fun and if you enjoy jrpg this title is right up your alley. I own the other Neptunia games on Steam as well now because of this game and I expect the series only gets better."
,Recommended,282900,32217876,Posted: 6 June,all,Lost_CauseYT,A buggy PC port of one of the best vita games the textures dont work its nothing but purple and black but when that gets fixed in its current unplayable state it gets a 0/10 but when the textures get fixed it will get a 7/10
,Recommended,282900,24118585,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,"Anchovy ""the Duce""","what you would assume by seeing the shop site of Hyperdimension Neptunia Re:birth 1 is that its your generic Anime game with cute girls but is it really just that ?here is a list of pros and cons:+cute anime girls i guess ?+good voiceover(when its there)+great animation+while playing the feeling of wanting to die becomes less-even with weaken enemies its still really hard sometimes-somehow the english voiceover is just half complete-minimized settingsif we add all that together Hyperdimension Neptunia is a solid JRPG with great characters who dont fear breaking the 4th wall.still there is some problems like that you dont have a option for choosing the diffeculti of the game  so it more or less forces you to grind till you gain the option of weakening the enemies wich at somepoint isnt really enough so you have to go back to grinding.BUT THE CUTE ANIMU GIRLS DESU DESU SUGOIyeah the animation of the characters especialy when they use theyre exe drive( a special attack that takes some time to charge) is really good but what me personaly really annoyed was that it somehow decides through a coin toss if you have a english voiceover or not.and last but not least the controller support..playing it with a controller is actually essential because you will end up clicking all across your keyboard to find the right button.last word...finallyif you enjoy grinding a lot and getting rewarded by just a smile from Nep-nep(neptune). buy itif you hate long boss fights and putting a lot of thinking in your attacks. dont buy itif you have lost all self respect by watching 90% of the anime that comes out every season. you should think about buying it and watch the anime firstoverall getting the game for 5€ was a good invest of my money  in my eyesi give it a 8.5/10 ""oh boi i have lost all self respect and started playing animu geimus because of this"""
,Recommended,282900,16156219,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,dragon_blade,What can i say about this game. First of all if you like the tales of series and need a fix before they start apearing on steam then this is the game for you.   The battles play out almost the same but instead of real time action it's turn based.  If you like boob jokes then there are plenty of those as well. poor iffy  ....The story is actualy pretty decent even though its your typical bad guy wants to destroy the world type thing it is told in a humorus way. The game does require a lot of leveling so if you don't like that then you should proebebly stay away. Though it goes by fast if you know what enemy to grind off of.Music is great of course lets pick out my favorite track shall we?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkycMngIJvkThe opening is pretty catchy as for in game tracks  Lastation's theme is pretty goodhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWJ6yM9dproIf you go for 100% in the game be warned it's a long journey probebly 200+ hours worth of gameplay Should you buy it ? Of course !
,Recommended,282900,17058527,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Spleen Machine,"If you like strange JRPG's with classic turn based combat, then you can't go wrong here. Lots of room for min/max number fiddling and adorable characters with original Japanese voice acting!"
,Recommended,282900,14732405,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Annie T. Mood,"It's repetitious & grindy as hell, has a lot of dumb references & jokes mainly relating to video games, almost all enemies and dungeons are recycled like no tomorrow, many locked dungeons and items can be missed on one playthrough thus must be retrieved on another because a lot of them can only be unlocked when you already have the plans (schematics) for unlocking them in a specific chapter. However screw all that because it's got Nep-neps.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=397503762Also the English voice acting is terrible and should be kept at Japanese audio."
,Recommended,282900,14302160,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,stubbystubby,"Worth playing.It's definitely the king of trope jrpgs, but it's really fun. Like most jrpgs, however, you need to do a lot of grinding. Spoiler alert: you'll want to be level 80 before you face off the final boss. There is new game+ and you get to keep all levels/items/etc that you've found/bought within the game, so there's plenty of replayability after you beat the game. Besides, there's a few characters you need to unlock through two separate playthroughs if you're going for all the achievements.Also, boobs. Very important."
,Recommended,282900,14412473,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Worried,It's not terrible
,Recommended,282900,18690313,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,๖Koishi♥ ✠,"Honestly, I thought it would have been just another one of those typical turn-based RPG games at first.The minute i started playing, I got hooked. I found myself playing this game for hours!This game has so much to offer that makes you want to play it over and over again. From endless running gags, to unlockables (apart from DLC). The remake system really adds a nice twist to gameplay. Sure, some things can be a bit repetitive, and the difficulty may be a bit high in some parts, but it is well worth purchasing!My only complaint is that it lacks any 16:10-compatible resolutions, only 16:9.The anime and art is pretty good too."
,Recommended,282900,23806597,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tyfuzzle,7/10 Too much Nep
,Recommended,282900,30590264,Posted: 18 March,all,Lord Hyperlord,"Oh my god this game is so funky!Never had a better BGM during navigating the overworld. Awesome soundtrack but you need to be into that ""cute"" thingy to stay longer ;-)The story is actually interesting and the characters transcendent between funny and insanely hillarious."
76561198005253270,Recommended,282900,14371664,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Andrain,"This is coming from a guy who has only heard of these games in passing before now. I had no idea what to expect when I was thrown ino this world. Good thing I didn't get time to prepare! Right from the get-go, this little lady Neptune, I had seen around the internet captured my attension, and she didn't let go!From what I read online after Neptune herself commented, ""They really changed the story with this remake!"" They really did change the entirety of the thing and it's suggested even those who played the original get into this too.Let's talk about what this game is. Hyperdimension Neptunia is a traditional JRPG that parodies every bit of gaming you can imagine. From locations, like Halo Mountain and the Hyyrule Snowfield, to the discs upgrades which allow you to 'create' games like CoD and other such that give you awesome stats, to the fact they've stolen some Tales Of Series Hi-ougi (Mystic Arts). This game is a wash with references to Gaming, even Visual Novels like Stein's Gate get a nod. For those of you raised on gaming, this is a tribute!The Combat system is the games most polished and strongest point. It reminds me of a far better version of the old Quest 64 Battle system, On your turn you move within a certain circle on the battlefield to approach or get away from enemies and then unleash your combo attacks to ether build upyour EXE gadge for specials, break attacks which lowers the enemies guard bar for extra damage if it's depleted, and simple power attacks for damage. The characters have their own set of combos.Speaking of the characters, they're fantasic, you have the four Console Patron Units, and Company self inserts, alongside of oneliner joke characters like Maryo and David Snake.There are several weaknesses in this title however. First of all, level design, the 'dungeon' areas are lazilly constructed and most are carbon copies, like seriously they litterally just copied and pasted the exact same locations with different enemies. Sometimes its nice that you don't have the feeling of, OH♥♥♥♥♥♥BRAND NEW PLACE, but the level design is simply lazy. Of course all the enemies are recolors too, but this is a JRPG, par for the course.Another problem is localizaton. It's bad, the dub is obsence, we're talking 4kids tier, the translations are censored and oftentimes wrong. I hope Idea Factory International does a better job for next ime becuase the character voices aren't going to improve, they're all set! At least they give you Japanese Voices.One other thing of note is this game is extremely grindy. As people discoveraround the level 10 mark you're going to have to grind hard. Luckilly the guides on Steam are solid and will assist you in time saving, but there are people who can't stand the grind.All in all, especially with these weaknesses, if you can feel yourself enjoying the characters and the combat system alongsie of the strong story and the references that abound. I feel like you'll love this game and won't mind the repitiveness of the level desgin. Thus I reccommend it."
76561198012650407,Recommended,282900,20653449,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Crypt Kiddie,anime pu$$y
,Recommended,282900,14246512,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mikoto Amamiya,"Oh thanks godness. My Laptop has average specs, and it smoothly run on 768p resolution."
76561198017676705,Recommended,282900,29203583,Posted: 12 January,all,^1Vu^7lc^4aN,"To start of, you Just gotta love Nep-Nep. This game is quite fun to play. It has a couple of different characters to play with with all kinds of different attacks and specialties. The game itself is quite the same imo, its just killing enemies and bosses. But theres a lot of content around that to upgrade your characters. Also the storyline is quite nice. It doesnt really make sense from time to time but i liked it. I didnt like the training that much cause some bosses were quite hard to beat so it was all about leveling at those moment. You can upgrade the characters in other ways as well but maybe i just didnt get it:p. Played this game for like 80 hrs and enjoyed every moment of it. Its older version cause there are several newer ones but its still fun."
,Recommended,282900,23814649,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fatalysk#HellWeek,10 out 10  would nepnep again :D
,Recommended,282900,24319518,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Myrault's Hinder-Gast,"Oh man this game is so frigging fun I totally cannot stop playing!Now 30 hrs for my first playthrough and when I finish the trilogy , I 10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,282900,29316339,Posted: 17 January,all,johntherussian,Nep nep.
,Recommended,282900,16491639,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Eternal_Rule,"I went in with low (And I mean LOW) expectations, and this game managed to pull me in. With it's unique combat system, and entertaining story; there's no reason not to buy it. This game doesnt require high specs to play, so it's the perfect buy for someone with a less than perfect PC."
76561198125486932,Recommended,282900,17507694,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Prime Penister,"Playable remake of the 1st Neptunia game.Pros:+ Playable+ Amazing and fun combat system+ Great/Lovable character design+ Good VA (both English and Japanese)+ Graphics are pretty great considering that it's a Vita port+ Waifus.Mixed:~ Good dialog. Gets annoying after a while~ Somehow difficult without the DLC. At least, the dlc is cheap.~ Less content than previous instalments, but still more than enough for the priceCons:- Will not stop talking during the fight, mixed voices down- Lazy dungeon design (variations of 6 types)- More varied enemy design than previous instalments, although I don't think there is even a single new one.- Grindfest, especially if aiming to complete the gameAll in all, still had a blast."
,Recommended,282900,17518906,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Mura ☭,PURPLE HEART KYAAAAAAA11/10 would play every weekends
,Recommended,282900,15402129,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,GHØST,"Lolis, Tsunderes, Rpg, refrences, boobs, what more would you want?"
,Recommended,282900,14474250,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Katsu,ehhh how do i put this.Lets just say it was all the insanity. With the random references and all the fast-paced combat it was tons of fun! Wish i could have gotten ALL the references (tho i did get A LOT of them). I just hope you give a shot and have fun with it. Lets all hope they port the others to Steam. ^^
76561198112310262,Recommended,282900,14499035,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,NeptuneSky,Very good!! Battle crash FIXED!! YAY!!
,Recommended,282900,15307865,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,vetmode,"It's a lot of fun. Not too texty, great graphics, amazing in game jokes and challenging gameplay. You might have to grind a bit here and there but there are enough uber bosses so that you will definitely not get bored of that either. Interesting character customization system based on sympathy among the characters allows you to execute team limit break attacks which actually make quite a difference. Play smart and you won't have to play hard. Definitely worth your money."
,Recommended,282900,15408255,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Lu,"Loved it. So many game references were made (ESPECIALLY MARIO ONES FOR SOME REASON, THERE WERE LIKE FIVE OF THOSE)."
,Recommended,282900,15331649,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Krome,"The Duke Nukem of JRPG'sA truer phrase has never been spoken. This game is over the top, zaney, and makes fun of itself contastly by breaking the 4th wall and making various pop culture references.If you like BAT (Big Anime Tiddies) and humor meant for those who spend their time a lot on the internet, then you'll love Hyperdimension Neputnia Rebirth;1.Note to Reader: Blanc is flat."
,Recommended,282900,15744209,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,★ Conga ★,Sexual - CheckSmall details - CheckConsistant pantie shots - checkGood gameplay - CheckJiggling breasts - CheckEverything good - CheckCheck
76561198087295735,Recommended,282900,16413142,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DeathEnd1st,"watched the animation,tried to buy the game but 2 expensive ,Summer Sale Appear,buy Rebirth 1 & 2  + DLC ,10/10 worth it"
,Recommended,282900,16574737,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ky,It's dangerous to go alone take Nep
,Recommended,282900,16704839,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SCrusader,"I am new to this franchise but I heard this a remake of the old version, hence Re;Birth, and I thoroughly enjoy all the time I've spent so far on it. If you want a challenge in this game, don't use the DLC characters because they make the game too easy except the Dangerous/Risk Monsters are still tough and long to beat.Overall, if this game was a spoon, it's definitely a spoon; in fact, it's a silver spoon. Both funny and awesome."
,Recommended,282900,16740977,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ayase,10/10 Noire is now my new waifu  <3
,Recommended,282900,16531788,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ikamoe (fake),If the dialogues are in japanese it would be much better. The English translation is good to a point.. just cannot reflect the real japanese meaning. For a japanese newbie I could only comprehend around 70~80% of the spoken dialogue..
,Recommended,282900,16271277,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Space Dank Walrus,A JRPG with tons of content and has some very funny writing and a decent story. Blanc is the best CPU.
,Recommended,282900,14239276,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Paix Wolf,"So far aside from the DLC issue which they are working on the game runs flawlessly, it looks way better then the Original PS3 version or the updated Vita Version and it's still tons of fun. The only flaw with the game is that it is only in a maximum resolution of 1600x900 and it upscales when put in fullscreen to a meh 1080p which makes it look a little less refined and more like the Vita Version did. Still, fantastic and one of my favorite games from one of my Favorite game companies. From their forum posts it doesn't seem like they plan to make the game support 1080p, it actually sounds like they tried already and just couldn't do it, which is fine, as some suggested, under the condition that they bring even more of their titles to the PC. I agree with this, they also need to find a way to force NIS America to start porting some of their games like the Disgaea franchise over as well."
,Recommended,282900,14286396,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,NekoSleeperNya HD,This game way much better in the pc Amen to gaben  PEASHYMASTERRACE
,Recommended,282900,14428029,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gaylou,get rekt12/10 nep2
76561198009059590,Recommended,282900,14486169,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Rarity's Nightmare,Fun story and I hope we can get an continuation of the series
,Recommended,282900,15804386,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,[Flame Hazes] Zefie,Got diabetes from nep neping too much with pudding.10/10 would pudding that nep nep again.
,Recommended,282900,22681476,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Æµ,This game let out my inner autism
,Recommended,282900,22798206,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,OVERTIME,Noire is best girl
76561198087135960,Recommended,282900,30213223,Posted: 26 February,all,Yami,Great game!!!
,Recommended,282900,29484564,Posted: 25 January,all,👽 Alien✨ 🌟,"Really cute, oniiiichan, pants, figth, yuri game.Really fun if you like anime games with a lot levels, and a lot pudding.You could really will love it."
76561198286420713,Recommended,282900,29639379,Posted: 1 February,all,Orinela,"It's nice RPG for beginners. You need not necessarily conscious leveling for each character. Therefore, story progress won't be disturbed and you must be able to devote yourself to enjoying stories. There are a variety of characters who represent game consoles and game manufacturers in this game. They all are kawaii and unique, so you would find your waifu. And black humor is sprinkled in places. If you have had experiences with a lot of games, it will make this game more enjoyable.However, I also feel unfulfilled a little bit. (1)  English lack part of voice, unlike Japanese. (2) Despite looping the game, you can't skip event scenes. Though you can fast forward, it would irritate you. (3) There is a tough task in achievements. This might be great concern for achievement collectors. If you'll play this game, you should keep in mind that."
,Recommended,282900,33543015,Posted: 14 July,all,imfallin,"tldr: You'll either love it for being an addictively fun JRPG and a gloriously stupid VN satirizing the gamindustri, or hate it for its obnoxious difficulty spikes requiring tons of grinding and the prevalence of fanservicey cliches. If you're into moe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tlike you should, it's obviously the former. If you're fine with this kind of stuff, it's worth a shot. Otherwise, it's probably not for you.nepnep re;birth 1Looking past the fact this game costs nearly 35 canadian fun bucks, (Which admittedly, is rather steep for what you're going to be in for), you can take a single look at the store page and almost immediately tell what you're going to be in for:an above-average JRPGAs a turn-based JRPG, while fun and addictive, the more you look into it, the more you realize how it's above average at best and tedious at worst, held up by the flashy visuals. They certainly help; the audio and visual feedback is what makes the combat fun and incredibly satisfying, but looking further than that, it really boils down to getting the enemy's bars down and keeping your bars up, the former of which often spikes up to ludicrously high levels requiring tons and tons of grinding.It's still fun however; while the ability to move characters freely around the battle area is incredibly basic and stupid, in practice it adds an odd sense of strategy in placing characters to be tanks, not get hit by the same attack, be able to reach each other in order to buff and heal them, etc.There's also a crafting system, for some reason.a damn hilarious jab at the gamindustriIf NepNep Re;Birth 1 was a room, all 4 walls have been torn down. Gameplay elements named after stupid tech-related references such as the EXE drive and Hard Drive Divinity, Characters are named after video game companies and the antagonist is a ♥♥♥♥ing pirated cartridge, and the whole story is a telling of the 7th gaming console generation, albiet with half-naked anime girls.How on earth can you not love this♥♥♥♥♥♥ The story's okay, but a bad story can always be turned around with amazing characters, which this game has plenty of. Yeah, the characters are all cliched blank slates with their personalities barely deviating from their cliches, but they have enough charm to them to make them top-tier waifus, mainly by the light character development, and their takes on demolishing basic game and anime tropes that makes it easy to become engrossed in the gloriously absurd and stupid world of gamindustri.so basically,On its own, NepNep Re;Birth 1 is a good game that's definetely worth a shot for most people, but isn't really anything to write to home about. The combat, while basic, is addictive and the strategy is light, but it's somewhat shadowed by the intimidating difficulty spikes that come by with little warning. The stupid moe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t carries this game; while full of cliches and fanservice, the constant demolishing of walls and tropes on top of the absurd premise personifying the 7th gen console war make NepNep Re;Birth 1 a great game.If you're into moe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198078479478,Recommended,282900,33793031,Posted: 25 July,all,PfarmP,10/10 would nep again.
76561198005437168,Recommended,282900,25036600,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,sadrinfire,"Solid JRPG with fun combat, though somewhat overwhelming crafting system. The best part in my opinion is the humor in the game. From Fourth Wall breaking, to the torture of being forced to play BL games forever, to constant chest envy, this game will make any Otaku laugh many times. On top of that, the story is actually engaging, once you get a certain ways in... its not a great epic, but it adss to the game rather than subtracts.8.5 References out of 10, will play again."
,Recommended,282900,24803992,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MillionHeadacheJigawatt,"If you like JRPGs that are somewhat grindy and stories that feature plenty of references and craziness (plus a little fan service), then definitely give Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 a go. The game is a roughly 50-50 mix of JRPG elements and VN style story telling. The combat has plenty of depth and customization possibilities, and I personally love the story (although it won't be for everyone I'm sure). It can be pretty difficult though, and there are definitely times when you will have to stop and grind a bit to beat a boss. But overall, it's a fun and highly enjoyable experience. If nothing else, pick it up for the Neps!"
,Recommended,282900,34027569,Posted: 4 August,all,Tactical Weed,Curry is nice if cooked correctly
,Recommended,282900,29409234,Posted: 21 January,all,Felix,>w<
,Recommended,282900,29504594,Posted: 26 January,all,Energy Drink Girl @ Riko smug,Pros:+female protagonist+moe+cute girls doing cute things+OP vocals: nao+nep+noire+blanc+MAGES.+FalcomCons:+Prepare to be a full fledged weabshit
,Recommended,282900,30140943,Posted: 24 February,all,[EXC]Darkness ツ,Nepu Nepu Nepu Nepu Nya.
76561198048375895,Recommended,282900,15658327,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Pebbicle,"I will spare you from the storyline. If you have any interest in this game whatsoever, you either already have a general idea of what the game is about, or you can look it up in less than five seconds.So, a turn based JRPG which draws inspiration from many other video games all while maintaining a steady stream of jokes directed at other works of arts should be a fairly chaotic experience, right? Well, it is. And honestly, this game isn't for anyone. If you don't have any interest in either anime or manga, you might as well turn back now, as you would probably cringe at everything the characters say and do.That's not to say the game is bad though. While the story is slightly lackluster, it's mainly about the hilarious dialogue. If you don't like characters breaking the fourth wall, trolling around or poking fun at each other, the door is still there for you to leave through. For me, who is studying Japanese, this was both fun and educational at the same time.The combat is where the game shines though, and it reminded me strongly of games such as Dragon Quest. With three characters on the field at the same, with three more as support, one of the more intriguing parts is where you can decide your own battle strategy. Do you want to go full offense? Go with a group of melee fighters. Do you want to play cautiously? Go with long range fighters. And if you want more support, there is always the option for that too. Whatever your playstyle is, with near 20 different playable characters, there is always one that will fit you.And there will be at least one character you will like more than the others. Oh, and while I'm at it, play it in Japanese, some scenes aren't translated fully to English so you will be left with a couple of quiet scenes.In the end, the interactions are hilarious, the combat is addicting, and if you are a collector there are a lot of things for you to find and craft. Don't see this as a hardcore game, come here if you're looking for some relaxing light and easy fun. I can't wait for Re;Birth2!"
,Recommended,282900,15548707,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,brickonator,"A very interesting game. I found it to be a very fun and relaxing game even though it could get pretty tough. SAVE OFTEN! The game is light on plot, but it has a fun atomosphere and it's really about the characters - which there are a lot of. Maybe even too many to fully enjoy them all. The battle system is nice and straightforward but has some depth to it.In the end, your familiarity with the (Japanese) game industry and moe anime tropes will affect your enjoyment a bit. If you're really not into those things, this game may not have enough other stuff to keep you entertained.I think you will already know if you want this game, honestly. You know from looking at the cover art if this is for you probably.If you like Nepping Nep Neps you will enjoy this."
76561198035618875,Recommended,282900,21805909,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,kyubinaruto3,"as much as i want to love this game. im gonna hafta give it some bad scores. even so i still recommend it. first off the controls must be memorized to realy get a feel for the game because all explanation of controls are still listed in their original platforms gamepad. while the game does have a menu you can look too for keyboard layout.. unless you find the buttons to acess the right menus it does little good. so for those who want to know: while on map and in dungeon the ""o"" key opens the ingame inventory/system settings menu. the buttons used for different attacks in battle are ""u"" ""i"" ""o"" or ""enter key"" for the bottom attack option as default. and for using items in battle press ""r"" to acess secondary battle options and the ""k"" key to use items. for these annoying reasons only i give the controls a 4/10 score. ah the graphics: i loved the graphics in this game very nice. so far it has never frozen for me and remains clear even in the worse of situations. 10/10 for graphics!  gameplay and storyline: i realy like the storyline but find some lingo to be even beyond my knowledge so it makes me think they were trying to reach out to even the most esoteric references just to put a smile on your face. and for the gameplay it was going fine until the west wind valley(dungeon number 3 without dlc). when i reached west wind valley at lvl 8 or 9 the balance between you are your enemies stayed good but when you reach the end of the zone thinking ok im lvl 10 or so now lets try this boss fight. no.. its not just 1 boss fight. its 1 boss fight folowed by another boss fight. you will not win. I had to grind till i was lvl 17 to stand a decent chance. now dont get me wrong i dont mind grinding, but when you have to grind nearly 10 lvls just to be a match and hafta use ALOT OF ITEMS IN THE BATTLE, its kinds ridiculous. and to put this calculation into perspective for you(once you hit lvl 12 you have to kill everything in the valley 2wice to get to lvl 13 so you can imagine this was a long process. and im not even gonna mention the dragon in the valley other then dont try to fight it till you reach lvl 25 (min). so for a score 9/10 for storyline but 6/10 for gameplay <--mabey a little too generous. and lastly for those who wanna know. DLC does not make the fighting and gameplay broken. i kinda wished it did (or atleast made it easier for me) so for a overall score of 6.5/10 for the game. not a bad way to waste time if youve got the ""memory"" for it..   haha"
,Recommended,282900,15165862,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,^3(ARES)^1Shiro^6kun,"this game is enjoyable game to play beside the grind in this game but if u r familiar with JRPG games and enjoy play Fairy Fencer F, this game is similar to that game because uses same battle system in this game too"
,Recommended,282900,14394966,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,エルフの女,~60FPS NEPTUNIA? SOLD.
,Recommended,282900,14344700,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nanite,oorraaaah - First Dogoo mob in the gamePudding/10 - IGN
,Recommended,282900,21732008,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,SaladPl0x,i brought this just for♥♥♥♥♥physics
,Recommended,282900,21730988,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,『OdeliaRoav』,PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!PANTSU!
,Recommended,282900,21735717,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,NateVB_04,Is good. Anime RPG about video gamez.EDIT: This game has been following me all over the internet. I aint joking about that
76561198194012682,Recommended,282900,24585793,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,lightsora34,This is one of the best JRPGs I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,282900,17217160,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Catsage,"Pros:-Lots of fanservice-Pretty good plot-Silly characters (can be a con I suppose)-Fun battle system-Cool outfits-Awesome art-Good soundtrack-Contains lots of stuff to unlock and search forCons:-Grinding is required to progress at times (well, it is an RPG)-The english voices are kind of lacking (in my opinion)I feel like the only reason I beat this game was with the help of the wiki (for plans, still took me ~35 hours to complete main storyline) but this is still a super game! (If it goes on sale, buy it!)Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,282900,16766380,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Okuu,"just a basic JRPG with a dash of moe and grinding on top.but overall its a good game. wouldnt mind doing another run, if you like moe stuff you should get this its totally worth it. i mean its nep in 1080p what more can you ask."
76561198090756455,Recommended,282900,27585527,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TarousSilver,Very fun and addicting
,Recommended,282900,33478441,Posted: 12 July,all,My.~,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,282900,33452539,Posted: 11 July,all,Riko,if you're a ♥♥♥♥ing weeb then why not? 11/10 would nepunepu again.
,Recommended,282900,18516855,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ξ-16,Nep-Nep/10 would nep again.
76561198073231578,Recommended,282900,17852911,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Miki-Chan,Thought it was going to be a good quick 12 hour story. I was slightly off by about 93 hours but whatever.10/10 Would sell my social life again
,Recommended,282900,28121798,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hyper Sleeper,I'm only one hour in but I can tell that this game is slowly sucking my soul away and i'm loving it
76561198068509626,Recommended,282900,16428689,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Angry Pickle,There was never a dull moment playing the game. Really enjoyed. 10/10
,Recommended,282900,21243245,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mop,i don't think there is a line of dialouge where pudding is not mentioned.
,Recommended,282900,24090531,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Molag Zaal,nep/10
76561198119198058,Recommended,282900,23175945,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,KNOWLEDGE,"Battles first monster and defeats him (feeling pretty strong)Then battles next monster then died... Need to grind moreAfter grinding, you battle the monster again... then dies againAfter grinding again you finally defeat the monster... then next thing you know you're fighting next a Goddess who is more powerful than you.Great game and Nep-Nep"
76561198069196637,Recommended,282900,14260708,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,No Waifu No Laifu,"RATE: 10/10   - KiriGirls, Weapons and Nice Fights.Ouh, did I mentioned the Boobs ?"
76561198123497518,Recommended,282900,23099783,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,thedoctor,"Great game, Neptune is best girl."
76561198176061846,Recommended,282900,26232279,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,98Peanuts,Would Nep Again
,Recommended,282900,14358586,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Angelic Buster,Now you can enjoy neping with Nepnep in the comfort of your very own PC!
,Recommended,282900,14308097,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,piapp,so i have the first Hyperdimension Neptunia game on my PS3...and the remake on my PS Vita...so now i bought it for the PC cuz why the ♥♥♥♥ not? its one of the best jRPG ave ever playedthe donwside is that im poor because i bought it including all the dlc...11/10 would buy again
,Recommended,282900,14247568,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ekrow,kawaii as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282900,14512794,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kazhik,"Learned a combo called ""Desu Desu Desu!"" 7000/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,282900,15246883,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,OtakuBrony,This is the first Hyperdimension game I've ever played and I enjoy it. I haven't been addicted to an RPG in a long time.
,Recommended,282900,15816271,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Joystick,"OK! Let's give this game the PRAISE it deserves!This game is freaking amazing. It's one of the only games i've played that is turned based and actually like. The turn base system is almost like playing chess, but with swords and specials, be smart how you play and you can beat any monster. The grinding is a lot but it's totally worth it. The game references are priceless and the humor within the serious storyline is amazing. If this game was a potato. It would be the BEST potato"
,Recommended,282900,14498589,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ItsAName,I regret nothing.
,Recommended,282900,14451748,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Josh,Nep-Nep?
,Recommended,282900,18354131,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Trash Tier Player,"It has Nep Nep.But in seriousness, this game is a very light hearted game. Granted the characters are fanservices themselves, especially in CPU mode (looking at best transformed waifu Iris Heart <3), but their interactions and dialogues are pretty funny. They will always break the 4th wall, make joke about the game industry (see what I did there? In case you didn't know that, this game takes place in a world  called Gaminsdustri) etc. And Neps (or in Japanese, Nepu)!Combat-wise is pretty simple; turn based and in each turn you get to hit them as many times as you like (or as Neptune says it ""Nepu Nepu ni sheite yan yo!""). Hit them until they die and get rewards. Can't be much easier than that, can it? You also get to place which character go first, how are they position, and most importantly, what additional perks they get from their pairing (for example, some will give a XP boost, while some can shorten your turn time etc). If you are overlevelled, you will just steamroll your way past the mobs (unless you are doing the endgame coliseum, then you can't do that. Choosing the right partners and pairing and equipments are the key here).Gear wise, it's not so grindy, unless you are planning for endgame DLC gears, where you can only get them from bosses that only can be beaten (and met) via DLC purchases. Granted the DLC ups the cap by 300 per DLC, but this is really needed to beat the bosses in maps and colliseums. Other than that, the only other thing that requires massive grinding is for crafting cosmetic items (processors, accessories and clothes). Granted, processors give you stats, but by the time you reach the endgame, the stats don't matter anymore (well, unless you are taking on the level 900+ coliseum battles).Levelling wise, again it's not so grindy. Killing on Dangerous boss nets you tons of XP. 1 kill = at least 5 levels worth. Heck the most I saw was around 87 million, which is equivalent to around...... 60 levels? Though that was from an endgame coliseum battle. Even without that, at a certain level you can do coliseum battle with a XP reward while is around half of it. Still a massive levelling up, in my opinion.Credits wise, it follows the rule for levelling, especially on Dangerous bosses or certain high level coliseum battles, where a victory over them  will net you tons of credits. Getting the credits achievement is a hassle though. Credits can be used to purchase gears, costumes and consumables in item shops. Otherwise, how does the pudding lady make money from Nep-Nep?You can unlock every characters in the game except the DLC-based ones since they will eventually be up to use (or for certain pre-pubescent girls, ""create"" them). The DLC characters are kinda cheating in certain situations during story mode (e.g. when no one can transform, they can) though. Plus they don't really interact or have any significance in the story mode (except for one).Lastly, for the love of God, PLAY. THIS. GAME. IN. JAPANESE. English audio is not the same, it doesn't have that same charm as it (and Nepu!). It may sound weabooish of me, but hearing the English voice is 10 times worse than Plutia's ""jump"" quote in Japanese. And that's a lot.Overall, I would really recommend this game. If you are a fan of the anime series and want more, or a fan of turn-based JRPGs, or if you want to see girls in revealing armors, go ahead, get this game first in the Neptunia series.Nep/10 would nep Nep Nep again.PS: There is an guide out there on how to nep Nep Nep. It's on my recommended guide. READ IT. SAVOR IT. And most importantly, NEP IT."
,Recommended,282900,16406829,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,«pF»,"Have you ever played the Farming Simulator games? I haven't, but I imagine that Hyperdimension is something like them."
,Not Recommended,282900,18670729,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"Some great graphics and characters, horrible level graphics, and waaaaaay too much grinding in a bare bones basic combat system that quickly gets mind crushingly boring."
,Recommended,282900,14303855,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,「Blanc」,"I just LOVE Nep~Nep and Nepgear! <3This game is the best among all that I have seen.Characters, sounds, graphics, combat system, CGs - it's all wonderful.I recommend everyone to play in that beautiful game.Total 10 Nep~Nep's of 10Buy and obtain your own Nep~Nep <3P.S. Owch, I think here so many Nep~Nep's, but i can't do anything with myself. >.<"
,Recommended,282900,14509256,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Justin,Is good.Need more like it.
,Recommended,282900,14248361,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Aner,"So far, every DLC I bought worked for me (except Additional Content 1 because I didn't get a chance to grab it). The game has been flawless. No crashes or anything. It looks pretty good on fullscreen with max resolution. Keep up the great work IFI :DIf you guys have any DLC you bought and it says ingame thats says ""purchase required,"" I'd recommend checking your DLCs by right clicking the game in the library and clicking View DLCs. There, try to see if everything is checked. If not, check them and install those DLCs. Have fun!Also, PC Nep-Nep HYPE! :D"
,Recommended,282900,29986004,Posted: 17 February,all,neptune,i literally cucked my previous waifu for nep nep10/10 would nep again
,Recommended,282900,14345049,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Fantasticfap,Gaben likes loli. Confirmed.
,Recommended,282900,14344820,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,frosty,Good JRPG that takes around 30 hours to beat.
,Recommended,282900,14397108,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Nep Nep / Der Shiho,"It's me in this game, do I need to say more, nepu~? ^~^Plot, Game & Anime allusions, comedy, great Story... do I really need to say all that, Nepu Nepu~?OK! Buy it and lets have fun allready, Nepuuu!Oh, - points for not including Free Pudding DLC!Here we go! Good to go! Nepute~yūnu"
,Recommended,282900,20289035,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Genti!☆,"Well, there is too much to say. I really loved this game, it totally got me.-the plot is simple and really nice; it won't be the game you will remember for 30 years but it's a lovely way to spend time-the characters have all kinds of personalities and looks and they're all very nice-the scenery and the enemies are often reused, sometimes with different colours, but this is not a big problem-the gameplay is amazing: there is a large range of moves you can choose to use and the styles are great too-music is also very sweetSo, if you find this game in stock, and you like anime and RPGs, why not buy it?"
,Recommended,282900,14592157,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,菠薐草,"Where do you start with a game like this? Probably the characters. Do you likemoé? Do you like video games? Do you like anime? If you answered yes to at least two of those questions, chances are you will enjoy this game. It can be a bit of a grind, and the battle system is nothingspectacular(though they have, thankfully, used the newer battle system rather than the one present in the first game).The storyline, also, is nothing spectacular, but there are cute girls doing cute things. If you are deep into the social justice thing and think video games all need to be PSAs, this game probably isn't for you. While I would not say the characters are entirely two-dimensional (yet they aren't 3DPD), it can be said that this game exploits feminine attractiveness and represents no more than three body types. Thin privilege."
,Recommended,282900,16814568,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,anime girl,this game is essentially little girl fight clubi love it
,Recommended,282900,17030545,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Kuritsu♫,"I just love this game. It's funny (well the jokes aren't for everyone) and there are many waifu candidates! xDIf you're a fan of japanese anime games with cute girls in it, go buy this. You have to get used to the controls at first but when you know how this game works it's really fun to play. :3~10/10 would nep again"
76561198073309903,Recommended,282900,17294495,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,KongoBongo,"Great game, all of it, love it to the bitter end :3"
,Recommended,282900,23897861,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,the game is pretty niche and fun to play.only downside to this is too repetitive
,Recommended,282900,30263443,Posted: 1 March,all,Apriarcy,"Noire is my Waifu.But now to a more serious discussion. This entire series is phenomenal. The characters are excellent, the story is very entertaining and the army of Waifu's is huge. Everyone is lvl999 and I have all achievements unlocked. I love everything Neppy."
,Recommended,282900,27807891,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Typar,I love myself some characters breaking the 4th wall at every cinematic
,Recommended,282900,28169101,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,「 Ritona 」,This is the killer of my time! But the game is wonderful!
,Recommended,282900,23530785,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,HeavyBiscuit☠,"The legacy of Re;Birth 1 has brought me so much of good ol' nostalgic memories during my summer experience back at June 2015 after trying out Heroes of the Storm(recently released) and even to combine my inspirations with this game.The opening song didn't quite seems to fit my liking til Hearthstone expansion Grand Tournament came as I could imagine Wilfred Fizzlebang, then zooms close to Lord Jaraxxus standing behind the gnome warlock and then switches to Jaraxxus floating in the shadowmoon background, looking chaotic evil while listening to the song.For the original game: I compare the four nations to World of Warcraft and its' three expansion(BC, WoTLK, and Cata) as vanilla being Planeptune, BC being Leanbox(Vert's processor unit could be either Illidan Stormrage or Kil'jaden), WoTLK being Lowee(yes, make Blanc a Lich Queen or Yogg-saron) and Cata being Lastation(cause Noire would rather have a badass processor unit based on Deathwing).While in the re;birth version: Things get quite different as the game fit in my image.Nonetheless, this game brought me some nostalgic memories, with some familiar background musics as I encounter some while playing their spin-off games.NOTE: Please, I know I chose to said this so.... cringe. But please, enjoy reading the my review as if you were playing this game this year or already have one but if not quite sure. Remember that Super Dimension is always often to be used as a testing realm by Idea Factory when they chose to test out new things. Such as making Dengekiko and Famitsu a playable character. ;)"
,Recommended,282900,20795658,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,dys,"I fully admit, when I first went into it, I thought I would absolutely hate Neptunia. On the surface, it's everything I hate in one neat little package. But oh boy, was I wrong.The story of the game is about the console war, which as the name alone might have given away, is essentially just one big spoof of the console war between different video game console owners on the internet. Each console is represented by their own goddess, which is just a cute girl version of said console. I think this alone speaks volumes for the very lighthearted and goofy tone and story the game has. The game is very self aware, and knows that it isn't a new Final Fantasy, and it never pretends to be anything else, and I appreciate this aspect quite a lot. Even if one is bothered by this, which I can fully understand why one would be, the developers were kind enough to make it possible to skip dialogue with but the push of a button. Nifty, right?One of the first things that really struck me about the game was the surprisingly colorful and pretty environments you move around in during the gameplay segments. Enemy designs are equally cheerful and colorful, all of this goes very well with the very happy and fun tone the game is constantly aiming for. Unfortunately, it reuses these assets pretty heavily, to the point where some areas can be the same map but in reverse, and a lot of enemies are simply recolors of earlier enemies.The flipside of the reused assets problem is that they use it to make sure there's a somewhat massive amount of things to actually do in the game, at least. You'll constantly be unlocking new sidequests, new plans that require you to gather new materials so you can unlock new items, areas or maybe even gameplay changes. There's even a coliseum asking you to fight various difficult battles in exchange for very good items.Speaking of battles, the battle system is actually what mainly made me enjoy the game as much as I did. The combat starts out as simple turn based fights with a lot of emphasis on positioning, similar to the Legend of Heroes games. As the game goes on, more and more features are added on to the combat giving it more and more depth. It never goes so far as to become complex or particularly deep though, it adds ""just enough"". Some examples are special attacks, transformations and a pair system. Just enough to keep the combat fresh and entertaining, as personally I'm a sucker for the very over the top and flashy special attack animations.To summarize things; Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth is a simple and fun game that never really aims or pretends to be much more than that. If you're looking for a just solid and lighthearted JRPG then this game might be one of your best bets on Steam. Don't judge a book by it's cover, as I initially did, because you just might end up missing out on a pretty good game due to it."
,Recommended,282900,31980509,Posted: 26 May,all,El Presidente,Leave me alone
,Recommended,282900,14416923,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kyoko ♛,"So like now that I have over 24 hours in this game, let me talk about it. There aren't many RPG's that keep my attention at all.Infact it's extremely rare for me to spend even 5 hours playing one. This however I keep coming back to for more. Why? Lets gloss over the pros.Pros+ Cute girls+ Very fun combat system+ A lot of things to unlock+ Can customize characters with outfits and accessories+ Fun system mechanics like the plans and rebuild system.+ Can get pretty difficult. Is quite a challenge.+ Developers are awesome people. You have an issue? Guarentee it'll be fixed the next day if you report it.+ Awesome special moves. So many of them too.+ WaifusCons- Story isn't all that exciting.- Only three characters allowed at once in battle. This is just something I dislike.- Not the longest of games.- Grinding and grinding and grinding.All in all? I would recommend this game with confidence. Even if you aren't that great at RPGs."
,Recommended,282900,14388940,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,OI SEMPOI FACK ME 'ARDAH YA CUNT,You'd have to be some kind of fat loser to want to play this for more than 5 minutes.
,Recommended,282900,14349291,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Villani. ♪,"Just buy the game, even if you're not going to play it, just get it.Show everyone that you like good games."
76561198089876762,Recommended,282900,14389059,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Kayuuha,If you're a Hyperdimension Neptunia's fan...Don't miss this oneNep nep is waiting for you!!!
76561198065487246,Recommended,282900,24282559,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Vive La Blanc,"By now we can all agree that Nep is Love and Nep is Life. However, Nep loves pudding so Pudding is Love and Pudding is Life but the one who made the pudding is Compa so Compa is the one true god."
,Recommended,282900,14315450,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Biotech Choyman,"The biggest selling point of this game is that it is a Sony systems exclusive brought to the PC.That means faster load times, higher resolutions, and 60 frames per second.Coming from a guy who played all 3 Neptunia games on the Ps3, this game is absolutely amazing.You play this game for the girls and the visuals- which is enhanced immensely with a PC.The old problems of frame rate drop from the Ps3 are gone, and everything has been smoothed over.Although this game has some minor bugs and UI mishaps, don't be discouraged.Iffy did a decent job, even if Compa is being a lazy drop out. Definitely a must buy if you're a fan of the series."
,Recommended,282900,14234920,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,spookyほ,"Cute console girls doing cute console girl things10/10Honestly though, pretty good port sans the launch day technical issues (though they are minor). Hopefully they patch some fixes in.Looking forward to Re;Birth 2, Fairy Fencer F, and possibly Re;Birth 3!"
,Recommended,282900,29862176,Posted: 11 February,all,DarkMagic ネープ,"I rate this game Nep/Nep because, Nep Nep is love Nep Nep is life."
,Recommended,282900,33121119,Posted: 2 July,all,§_hi_§,私がこのゲームを開くたびに、私が人生のためにそこに来るまで、私の刑期は長くなります。Each time I open this game my jail sentence will get longer and longer till I'm there for life.
,Recommended,282900,25843455,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Not Robert Lawlers,It's a nep game. Nep/7
,Recommended,282900,14307638,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,icequeen♥,"I only game on the PC so this is the first time I'm introduced to the Neptunia franchise, but I love this game so much.In this game, the grind is real; and if you don't grind enough, bosses will just one hit KO your characters. Also if you are a forgetful person like me that doesn't save very often, prepare to get wrecked as there is no autosave so you will have to start from your last save. Of course, there are save points before major boss fights and that always helps, so if you do get the game, remember to save ever so often.About the DLC, the DLC characters are kinda overpowered, buy it only if you want to support the developer. The game is basically easy mode considering Plutia's and Peachy's EXE Drive (read: Super Attack if you don't own the game yet) will take a big chunk out of a boss mob's HP bar. The colosseum mode added by the DLC is quite fun but requires even more grind as the mobs introduced there are even harder to burst down.A major flaw I found with the game is how they sort the 'Plans' to re-make items, which is very apparent when you go to the accessory category. This won't bug you unless you are keen on customizing your character as inventory sorting is still bearable and doesn't make it a pain to find consumables you need.Story wise, the game is basically satire based on the 'Console War' debate. There's constant referencing to other games to the extent that characters are named after games or game developers. Is it a good story? I don't think so but it's pretty funny most of the time. The voice-acting is also great; I listen to the Japanese voices as the English one is missing a lot of lines even in the beginning moments.Port wise, initially I thought there was 1080P support but the developer then clarified that there is no 1080P support. The max. resolution is 1600x900 which is okay for me. I use borderless gaming to run the game and I don't notice any 'stretching' or other graphical glitches. But to those who can see the pixel difference, you would probably notice it as a lot of the game depends on static graphics. The game runs at 60fps locked so there's that.1080P IS HERE!!!tl;drGame is basically about grinding. Grind for levels, grind for materials to craft items, grind to complete quests.Inventory system sucks without any sorting functions.Funny story, constant 4th wall breaking and out of control references.Full 1080P supportArt is beautifulI love this game nontheless.EDIT: Now that I have partially started New Game+ (Second Cycle), I'm a bit underwhelmed. One would think that they could probably ramp up the difficulty considering that you are way way way overleveled now (in my instance, my whole team was 109+) Considering NG+ is a must-do if you want to unlock all the plans (unless you prefer to save scum), a much more difficult second cycle would have been awesome. This doesn't make it a bad game per say, I'm 40 hours in and considering the price, I have definitely gotten full value out of this game. Highly recommended at the current sales price of -50%!"
,Recommended,282900,14890250,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,☭ βιαςκ ℒστμş ☭,Vert and IffyorCompa and Iffy.Which is the OTP?
,Recommended,282900,14636335,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ausdrake,It's like I died and went to Moe-anthropormphism-waifu heaven.
,Recommended,282900,16458746,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gary,Better than Oni Chi Chi Rebirth. 10/10
,Recommended,282900,14272385,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Antantheism,"Recommended for someone who love JRPG,I've played this game on PS Vita and never get enough Nep- Nep Story 10/10- Customizable Nep 10/10- Nep Nep 10/10- Blanc 1000000/10"
,Recommended,282900,26708858,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ZeroLegion,One of the best neptunia games starts here
,Recommended,282900,14448787,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Adult Neptune,this is the  first time its released for pc and not only psp vita and ps3.kawaii ultra super checkgot nepu infected o yeaREbirth 2 right now in closed betagames and anime reference checkbreak the 4th rule super checkAnime checkJRPG checkFemale Protagonist no s**tRPG checkCute super checkSingleplayerComedy tripple checkStrategy oo yeaFunny dubble checkGreat Soundtrack checkVisual Novel checkTurn-Base yessthis its a remastered version of the original game that came out several years ago on ps3more games are coming as wellvery fun very good game high recommend to buy2 small issue1 if the game starts and crash more when 5 times at the same place you need to change the game compatibility mode at C:\Program Files\Steam\SteamApps\common\Neptunia Rebirth1 right click on nepu icon and go to properteischangre the mood to windows 7 it works best for me but you have to try out2. high recommend to use any controller of any type but most ps3 or Xbox controller since the keyboard key controller its about same hopeless as trying to bath a angry cat and not get scratchedsome info about the the 4 Female ProtagonistNeptune - Purple heart the leader of Planetpune aka Sega Saturnshes the one in the middle of this picture purple pink haired also the main Protagonistto the left its Compa and to right we have IF <-- yea that its her nameVert - Green heart the leader of Leanbox- XboxNoire - Black heart the leader of-Lastation - PlayStationand Blanc - white heart the leader of Lowee- Nintendo wiitheirs also a short anime with 13 episodes that explain the  game at bit but takes place after this games story line
,Recommended,282900,14308963,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,sinus,>Moe characters able to transform into some badass characters w/ plots. (Except for Blanc)>Customisable characters>The weebness is just too great in this gameI have no regrets9/10
,Recommended,282900,14250417,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Nepgear,Glorious 60FPS Nep-Nep Action!
,Recommended,282900,17474857,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Zak,"Lets be honest, we all are going somewhere for buying this game, now, I'm not saying a bad place, but I'm not going to say any place.This is one of them games I bought on the PS3 because I thought, ""lol my friends will  think this is funny."" Then I started playing it. They thought that was funny. Then they saw the 38 hours put into it, and then they started to really worry about me. They said, ""Zak you need to stop, we care about you, let the lolis go, let the big boobie animes go, come back to us, we miss you, we love you!"". But I couldn't. It was to late for me. Another 23 hours in, doing everything I could, I finally beat it. I took the disk out of my ps3, slammed it back into its case, and then proceeded to pass the curse of this game off to my best friend. I was free, I ran back to my friends whom arms, pale and clammy, where still very much wide open, still so very worried for my sanity. I felt I was safe again.But I was wrong.HERE I AM AGAIN, WHY MUST YOU DO THIS TO ME? COMPILE HEART, DO YOU THINK THIS IS OKAY?? WHERE IS YOUR MERCY? I TRIED, I ♥♥♥♥ING TRIED TO GET OUT, BUT THEY KEEP PULLING ME BACK IN. THEY WON'T LET GO. THEY WON'T LET GOOOOO. I AM DEAD. GOODBYE AGAIN FRIENDS. I WAS NEVER MEANT TO LAST IN THIS WORLD."
,Recommended,282900,22768605,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Tsumikiria,Play this gameNep dis NepNep Nep NepMy life has never been this nepped beforeNep Nep everyday manNep Nep NepNepu!
,Recommended,282900,14430119,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ruri,Got killed by a carrot.I rate this 10/10i hate vege :( ....
76561198123578969,Recommended,282900,21223953,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Deadjawz,OMG if you havent played this game then their is something seriously wrong with you hehehe jk BUT still i HIGHLY recommned this:3. What Iove about it most is that it references ACTUAL gaming consoles and plus the humor is good.
,Recommended,282900,25076014,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Neps,Favorite game series right next to Kingdom Hearts great character development great story and very good gameplay
,Recommended,282900,14287509,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Nyanrk,Best JRPG i ever played so farrr xD 11/10Skill combinationAttack comboAwsum cutscene skillIntro songTransformation60fpsFun dialogMoving mouth animation when talkingMouse working perfect ingameChallenging bossesSmooth gameplayNo performance issue.and the only game i played for 13 Hours within 1 day
,Recommended,282900,14506347,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Rainbow,BEST GAME EVER 10/10IRIS HEART'S VERBAL ABUSE BEST SKILL 11/10
,Recommended,282900,19706232,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Elysium,"It has Nep-Nep.What more do you want in a game?Pros:-Nep-Nep-Nep-Nep-Fun, turn based RPG.-Cool story.Cons:-It's a port... So FPS dips in certain areas down to 20 even on high end gaming PC's."
,Recommended,282900,27407538,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kalu,Amazing piece of meta commentary and general JRPG goofiness. Buy it now to get into the best JRPG series out there! (Objectively best.) B)
,Recommended,282900,20648332,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,tanathsus,hypergrinding grindtunia Re;Grind1
76561198153870522,Recommended,282900,28056440,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,✚FreveN★,NICE GAME!P.s. Nep-Nep!
,Recommended,282900,14265432,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,jc helmet,Damn Idk What The Japs Were Smoking When They Made This Wacky♥♥♥♥♥Games About Anime Girls Who Are Supposed To Be Consoles But Tbh Its A Fun Dungeon RPG With Dumbass Humor And Big Anime Bobs Lolthe port ♥♥♥♥ing sucks tho rofl
,Recommended,282900,16618706,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,J'zargo,babs
76561198069525029,Recommended,282900,20168836,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kaiser Burgie,"If your the type of person that dislikes anime, don't let this game decieve you. Don't get me wrong I love anime, but that aside, this game was my first rpg/jrg and have to say I found the gameplay thoroughly engoyable. While some of gameplay mechanics can be confusing to learn at first, as you progress through the game, you'll find the time to really understand and take the mechanics into account. As for the story, I wouldn't say its anything special but its definitley more than enough to hold the game together and keep the player engaged.Overall I would definitly recomend this game! 10/10"
,Recommended,282900,30699572,Posted: 23 March,all,WeissSchnee,"When everyone in this character jumping i always heard my mom step in my front door, then i pess alt+tab to see kitten picture in google. She thought i was masturbating to kitten picture.10/10 would never use speaker and see kitten picture again"
67854634524746785,Recommended,282900,22780276,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,A Posh British Twat,NEP/NEPWOULD NEP AGAIN
76561198169078438,Recommended,282900,22872303,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,toasted almond,"Hello guys and gals! This is my quick review of Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth 1 (long title XD).Before we begin, I just want to point out that this game has exceeded my expectations. This is one of those games that EVERYONE should try before they judge.While it looks like, what some people consider, ""weaboo trash"", it's actually an amazing game with great qualities.So, if you like anime-related titles, PICK THIS UP!!!STORYOh man, the story!This game is simply a giant reference to video game culture, so naturally the story has to do with something we like to call THE CONSOLE WAR.Basically, in the land of Gamindustri, each nation (the consoles) are governed by CPU's (console-patron-units) who are obviously fighting for power. They gather power from shares (the people's belief and support). However, one day the tables turn, and our main protagonist,Neptuneloses her memory, and the Console War slowly dies out...Who is behind this, and why? What happens to Neptune??There's the plot for you.It's simple, honestly. Simplicity is not always considered a ""bad thing"" especially when you can clearly understand it. This game has a very basic story that isn't too generic, so it will keep you entertained throughout the course of the game.Other than that, the plot goes rather smoothly, with little explanation here and there. It's also quite enjoyable when you see the HUNDREDS of references to video game culture. With this, it's quite amusing :D.CHARACTERSThe characters in this game is what really sets it apart from other games. A good game MUST have good characters, right?In Neptunia, each character is notsomuchrelatableas they arehilarious. They each have their own unique traits and designs. The designs of the characters in this game ALSO reference game culture, so not only is it entertaining to nit-pick the references but they are also DISTINGUISHABLE. This is EXTEREMELY important for any character design. You look at these characters and you're like ""Neptunia"".Not only that, each character has a deep personality that is unique in itself.The main CPUs, while no backstories are present, are the most developed in the series, so people usually will just toss the other characters to the side.From what I have seen, the back-characters are all still unique, but some are not unique enough to be really ""loved"". The character ""Broccoli"" is an example.So, really, I adore these characters, as whatever adventures they go on I want to be a part of. Excellent.GAMEPLAYOH MANthe gameplay, everyone's main reason to read a review.It's honestly an easy to understand, yet hard to master system of turn-based combat.Turn-based, in this game, is actually very great, and you can formulate a ton of strategies to destroy your foes.I honestly thought it would become very repetitive and boring, but new things are added and new strategies are discovered. And with a ton of characters to play around with and a ton of enemies to destroy, it got VERY fun VERY fast.Overall, the gameplay is fairly simple: take turns using one of three attack style, use an item, maybe turn HDD (hard-drive-divinity) use EXE drives and strategically use elemental attacks or physical/magic attacks.What saddens me is that I never saw a use to ACTUALLY pay attention to elements and what kind of attack it was. The game did not seem to really care, even though the imense amounts of armor says otherwise.Honestly, you don't need to pay THAT much attention to it, but I like compex systems, so I guess I should have tried it. So, if you do get this game, prepare to formulate a team with different abilities and movesets! These two RPG traits are actually not that taken-advantage-of in this game. Mostly just Area Attacks and break/defensive damage. BUT, it is possible to see a ton of strategy in this game, you just have to want it.ENJOYMENTI sincerely enjoyed this title, beginning to end. It was a fun ride with so many combinations of characters and moves that I honestly did not explore probably most of it. The acheivements for this game are also great, while grindy at times. This game does not require too much grind, until you get to the point where you want to obtain Millionaire (which in that case, good luck).Whenever I played it I just knew what my next goal was, and knew my strategy for it. Even the visual novel-style cutscenes had me hooked. It's really an addicting game.PROSAddicting gamplayFun mechanicsUnique charactersHOURS of game timeCan-be complex RPGFantastic RPG elements and Plan systemHilariousCONSUtilizes some mechanics poorlyGameplay is monotonous for someNo full English DubFor me, a glitch where an enemy never attacks, so I have to restartRe-flushed enemy/dungeon designsVERDICT:WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?Call me a weeb if you want, but THIS GAME is just a masterpeice in it's own right.I got it on mega-sale (all games for around $27), but the full price is honestly still worth it.So, on sale or not, BUY IT.You won't regret it.Thanks for your time if you read all this!!!"
,Recommended,282900,14389878,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,t.oki,Remember to only have one waifu. Getting more waifu will destroy your laifu.10/10
,Recommended,282900,14510170,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Okuu Best 2hu,I like the sexy little kawaii lolis <333333333
76561198023267680,Recommended,282900,16872911,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Killex,Yes
76561198121775141,Recommended,282900,19857206,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Freejek38,Noire is so Kawaii.
,Recommended,282900,23461556,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Vert,"I'm new to this franchise, and honnestly I really love it so far !! I didn't played a lot of JRPGs in my life, but this one is just so great ! I love the battling system and the plans thing to add things in the game, it make the game more addictive and less boring to EXP."
,Recommended,282900,24134465,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mayu,Nep-Nep <3
,Recommended,282900,22808113,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[NN$]Mr.Lucky,"If you want to get into Neptunia, this is the place to starttrust me this game will change your life forever xD10/10 would nep again"
76561198127853429,Recommended,282900,26574455,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,IzziRedd,"Had an absolutely great time playing this. It poked fun at all the common anime and video game tropes in an extremely humerous way. I was laughing the whole way through. My only complaints are that there was far too much grinding required, and it reused assets far too many times."
,Recommended,282900,22703268,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Turton :^(,It's not very good but it has cute girls. Would recommend if you have nothing better to play.
76561197994024621,Recommended,282900,14246803,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,amyoto,"i prefer to keep things short and simple.Pros-great fast paced battle system-battle system has a lot of depth to it-combat and grinding is very satifying-the characters are adorable and funny and will grow on you quickly-lots of ways to customize character looks-lots of mentions of popular anime/manga/games just to name a few (pokemon, CC2, .hack, Tales series, star wars, star trek...)Cons-story isnt great-requires quite a bit of grind in order to not have incredibly hard boss battles-lots of environments and enemies are reused-cant really play in front of family b/c of jiggly breast and showing of panties. makes you look pervetedbtw if you have problems with crashing after battle put the game in windows xp sp2 compatibility mode. i am a two hours into the game and havent crashed since. easy solution until they can patch out the crashes.also be aware that NOT ALL english text in the game is voice acted, but it seems to be for the japanese audio. also whenever you go full screen it goes to your current resolution. ignore the windowed resolution."
,Recommended,282900,14245231,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Flargo(DeithDhu),Good. Good. Such a nice cute-loli Nep... Mep... Tet... Tu... Neptupe... ehhh?10/10
76561198160780772,Recommended,282900,14247987,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,awww12,the gameplay is fine and its nothing problem of it :3
,Recommended,282900,14247820,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Labmare,The game is great and its just like the vita version but little bit betterthe only thing i gotta say that i noticed game freezes when you enter a battle which was rare in the vita version so if your game freezes cause of that wait until it enters iti just played it awhile ago and that happened to methere maybe other bugs that may not happen to me but to othersoverall i like the game :)
,Recommended,282900,14235493,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,★Nyaneko★,N E P N E PRpgs and anime girls what more do you want o.o
,Recommended,282900,14292112,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Reinil,"It's gonna take a bit of patience to get through the parts where grinding is almost necessary, but other than that, this is probably one of my favorite games ever.High frame-rate automatically makes me like it more on PC, but I can't really relate too much to the Vita version, because I didn't go to far into it.References to past games makes it a nice experience for those who've been into the series for a while.If you're still not sure about it, maybe get it on sale one day, or pay full price and help out IFI so we can get more ports to PC.Oh, by the way, Vert's got a great figure."
,Recommended,282900,23390219,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Some Dude,Probably the best jumping simulator on the marketboingy jump jump boingy/10
,Recommended,282900,21413395,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Megumin,"One of mg 5 favorite games I've ever played, much waifu and loli, lots of different items and dungeons. Total pervs."
76561198274514929,Recommended,282900,24516281,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,loli holic's special,For Neptune.
,Recommended,282900,24198292,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Final Freeze,My friends noticed me playing this from the Steam Friends list and Discord.I don't have any friends anymore.10.1/10 would purchase Plutia again.
76561198053022350,Recommended,282900,24227227,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,aimanzari,Best game ever5/7 would Nep-Nep again
,Recommended,282900,24261190,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Rakna,Great Plot *cought* *cought*Great CombatVery fun10/10 would nep again
,Recommended,282900,14253540,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,SPACE HAMSTER,nep/nep nep'd a nepnep
,Recommended,282900,16896295,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Terminally Nerdy | CBSA82,Much Animu. Very Wifu.  Wow
,Recommended,282900,15883481,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Jin-,"Uni:I mean, you are holding...uh....me, you know.... ""blushes"""
,Recommended,282900,29107368,Posted: 7 January,all,PromptosMyth,Fan of the series
76561198069734262,Recommended,282900,29078131,Posted: 6 January,all,erpmario,"One of the greatest JRPGs to ever be made. Seriously, up there with the Final Fantasy series. Possibly even better. The gameplay mechanics are deceptively complex and in-depth - easy to learn but difficult to master. The combat system seems to me like a mix between Final Fantasy X's Count Time Battle system and Fire Emblem's strategic movement system. Sounds weird, but I promise you, it all comes together. This is a PS Vita port, so a controller is almost necessary, but other than that, this runs like a charm and looks gorgeous. Oh, and also, Nep-Nep.10/10 would Nep-Nep again."
76561198181439339,Recommended,282900,29036729,Posted: 5 January,all,Konkey Dong,"9/10 needs more ""POINGIII""!"
76561198204267640,Recommended,282900,32149597,Posted: 3 June,all,B-B-B-Baka !,"If you're here, you know EXACTLY why you looked at this game. And it isn't because they have cool looking costumes."
,Recommended,282900,15253996,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Burger Guy,played it for 20 minboobs11/boob would F12 again
76561198163026737,Recommended,282900,27808430,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ココア 百瀬,"Its addictive, need times to unlock all achivement, dont miss the story line"
,Recommended,282900,27803556,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[NOL] SpectralFire,"I have enjoyed this game so much, so glad I picked it up during a sale. Hours of story and many more hours of grinding just to get the coveted swimsuit outfits ;)Only downside is this game pretty much requires a guide to help you locate materials for making some ingame items. Still wonderful game!"
,Recommended,282900,14391950,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Saccopharynx,"Good game, but it have some bugs, fortunately developers are working for fix it.14/10"
,Recommended,282900,14280505,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Emilia,"Cute girls doing cute things, why wouldnt you want this game?Noire is also best"
76561198061513703,Recommended,282900,14349109,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kyokkai,"I've wanted to try this game since I saw it randomly in Game Stop one day, I had given up consoles entirely by then though.Fortunately they've released it here.The game is quite frankly addicting, the characters are likeable, the combat is enjoyable and challenging and there's plenty of content for RPG lovers who like to do a little more than the story. I'm currently 60 hours in, Levels 110-126 on my characters and have barely scratched the surface of the optional content. Most people who enjoy RPG's will at least want to collect all the equipment and finish their characters progression, I'd say I easily have another 40 hours to go before then.You do however need the DLC to get to level 999 and have all the extra items and battles that have kept me busy. Otherwise the game is about 40 hours long with some side content that probably adds another 10-20 hours.It's worth the price, I've been playing the game non-stop.Now let me list and explain some things people may not like to help you with your decision.First off, there's several repeating dungeons, that is to say the textures and design will be quite similar and there's also no shortage of pallete swapped enemies. If you're the type who needs the little details in order, this game might do too little in that regard for you to be able to play through it.Second, it's a bit grindy, at absolute bare minimum you'll be grinding 5 levels per dungeon between/during story quests. That's the minimum, with that you'll still lose a few times and struggle a bit. It's not that bad since there's ways to level up a lot faster but it should be noted, if you don't like the old fashioned concept of having to grind a bit once in a while then this game may annoy you early on and post game, seeing as post game is essentially a huge grind for the ultimate equipment you need to defeat all the optional bosses and what not.Third, being a first time player I noticed that early on the combat made me feel very restricted, almost like sometimes I was losing due to the battle systems limitations and quirks rather than my skill or level. For instance, there's a little indicator for the order of turns that enemies and your characters will take, a character or enemy may appear to have two turns worth but if your character attacks too many times in the turn then that turn disappears and the enemy takes their turn. It's extremely difficult to plan moves until you learn how to work around it, essentially you need to take less actions if you need an extra turn with that character and even then it sometimes still doesn't work out like I think. Later on the combat at least feels less restrictive, as you grow stronger more of your attacks become viable with the right equipment. Early on you're basically forced to do your basic combos and mix in a skill attack when possible. Later on they introduce EXE's, making your skills less valuable and then later still your regular skills become viable again once you're equipped in a manner that lets them do damage.For example, one character may do abysmal damage due to resistances of the enemy, you may have to deal with that for a while until you can equip them with certain abilities before you can really do more than scratch these enemies. This is pretty much the experience with the boss battles early on, they have ridiculous physical resistance and more often than not your attack will not suffice, unless you've grinded more than 5 levels.That said the first problem is not constantly present, there are a few unique dungeons, but definitely not as many as one would like, the third problem resolves itself as you work around the quirky battle system and equip your characters properly.A good tip would be to equip all your physical characters with anything that can give them ""ignore enemy traits"" or ""ignore enemy category"" this nullifies the irritation of facing bosses with high physical resistance when your characters early on are physically based.I've enjoyed my time with the game much more than I have most titles these past years, it's not perfect but it is highly reminiscent of old JRPG's and everything that worked in them works here, character progression is fun and rewarding, the characters push you through the story quite well, particularly the villain who actually makes you wish you could phyisically whack her with the broad side of a huge great sword. Of course this happens because the heroines are likeable and seeing them suffer at the hands of the villain makes you squirm, which is a sign of well written personalities in characters if you ask me.Despite it's flaws if you like JRPG's there's no reason not to pick this up. If you're having a hard time, get the Plutia, Peashy, and Histoire Battle Entry DLC, they're extremely useful throughout the game and will make your experience easier if that's your thing, it certainly was for me since I only wanted to do minimal grinding during the story.Pick it up if it sound like it's for you, there's plenty of content and challenge to be had and with a relatively large amount of characters..., Neptune, Compa, IF, Vert, Noire, Blanc, Plutia, Peashy, Histoire, Tekken, CC2, MAGES, Uni, Nepgear, Ram, Rom, and a few more whose names escape me at this moment, there's no way you won't find any likeable characters to fit in your party. There's so many I forgot the names of the ones I used the least which was due to preference. Some of those named above are also DLC but it's so cheap you might as well grab it."
,Recommended,282900,19625461,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Pizza Piss Boy,All 3 games are good
,Recommended,282900,20571346,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,SharkJumps,"Its what the cool kids call ""kwaii"""
,Recommended,282900,19573867,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,GenBigg,The Fourth Wall did not stand a chance againest Neptune....
76561197994562999,Recommended,282900,20370427,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Poi,Game gave me my loli fix
,Recommended,282900,20657103,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Neptune,Great game. Nepu Nepu
76561198058073467,Recommended,282900,19751025,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Yuri Lolipop,Neptune and Noire did gay stuff 10/10
76561198259655836,Recommended,282900,20300318,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,御坂小鱼,"Much better than I thought. Girls are so kawaii, and the battle is also very interesting. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,282900,20536675,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Rip,anime was a mistake
,Recommended,282900,19429804,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cyress The Virus,great game
,Recommended,282900,19308127,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mr.Doge,DAMN
,Recommended,282900,20054200,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Poklok44,Game is filled with tons of jokes and is cutsie check my screeshots
76561198230643944,Recommended,282900,20298372,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Teal Inkling♪,Nice Game
,Recommended,282900,14235245,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jawn,"Literally the greatest game ever to be released on steam (possibly across all platforms). I had no idea how empty my life was until I played this, and now it feels as though I wasn't even truly living back then. If you haven't played this, and you don't want to live a life devoid of all meaning and purpose, I highly recommend you click that ""Add to Cart"" button and begin truly experiencing what this world has to offer.Also lots of qt girls.11/10"
,Recommended,282900,33075809,Posted: 1 July,all,Noire,pretty nice game
,Recommended,282900,14234800,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Gene,Jumping in this game is really fun
,Recommended,282900,14458388,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Falconz,good game. some bug but can solve it.
,Recommended,282900,17122320,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Kirei,I defeated a giant man-spider without breaking a sweat. I then went into a dungeon which I was overlevelled for and proceeded to get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by a cute little bunny rabbit.Good for: Fans of Dark Cloud/Chronicle and similar JRPGsBad for: People who don't like reading or heavy doses of fanservice.
,Recommended,282900,33362123,Posted: 7 July,all,VoidCaster,High Quality Nep
76561198080592012,Recommended,282900,14493919,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dark Flame Mastah,I absolutely love this game.
76561198061893685,Recommended,282900,14494515,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,PawPaw,"Best Game to relax and enjoy the cuteness each of the character, if you like animation you'll like this game."
76561198024206928,Recommended,282900,14633043,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Oppaiii,Kawaii
,Recommended,282900,14785211,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Theadonn,"This whole game series is great. The Neptunia games are JRPGs with very unique mechanics. They are on the edge of VN too, With plenty of rich story and characters. Many characters are loveable and some are hateable, Its all up to what kind of character you like in the long run. You can invest many hours into these games if you enjoy them, With multiple ending and a fun game in general i would say this definitly deserves a recomendation. But if you are me and have♥♥♥♥♥♥luck with computers you will invest more hours than you need because your computer hates you and dies!"
,Recommended,282900,15285371,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Korstog,"I bought the game two days ago,a warning to everyone once you start, you can't stop.The gameplay is simple, but very fun and statisfying.The dialogue is hilarious, they mock too many games to list here.The Characters are very likable, but sometimes a bit clichee, which is fine,because they make fun of that, too.Also, at the end, best. credits. ever.seriously.Highly recommended, the price pays, and a must buy if reduced."
,Recommended,282900,14460582,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Iron-Ox,"As someone who bought this game because of the anime(I only watched the anime before buying this),I instantly fell in love with this game.It in my opinion replicates the fun and joyful moments of the anime and shows the backstory of how the CPUs became friends.Also I personally never liked RPG/JRPG before so it was a hard decision to get this game...I regret nothing.10/10 NEPTUNE FOREVER!!!!!!"
,Recommended,282900,15137115,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Zen Claymore,"I have probably played several hundred JRPGs in my life. And this one is hands down the most enjoyable. This game is comical and adorable as hell. The references to technology and other games is really enjoyable. The combat system is well made and works very well. The mobs are so weird and unique, most seem to be references to other game and what-not. I would pay a hundred bucks for a game like this. I'll be replaying this severl times at least. If you like turn based JRPGs and or technology/gaming. You can't not get this game. <3"
,Recommended,282900,15255295,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ScaresP3ngi,"My first time with a JRPG, but is good. It had some real funny scenes where I did actually laugh instead of blowing air through my nose. Gameplay wise it was good and fun, with some high replay-ability, but also did not seem unique even to me without playing other JRPGs."
,Recommended,282900,15299965,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,一番の宝物,this game is really good!!!!
76561198100666899,Recommended,282900,15332112,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,THE GODSON,"Fun RPG, BUT I have a complaint I would like to bring up. This is a serious bug in the game. Maybe, maybe not. No, you know what, this is a bug. Please update this game to remove ""The partial nudity bug"". Please do so. IM HERE TO PLAY A FRICKEN GAME, NOT STARE AT, U KNOW........Other wise than that, This is pretty fun. 8/10. deduction for partial nudity, and a deduction just because. Its not allowed to have a 10/10. It doesent deserve a 10/10. Why? IT JUST DOESENT. Dont let Gabe Newell take away your life. He already took my life away. Thats why I typed this stupid crap review, and if your reading this, Gabe Newell has not taken your life, but has eaten your soul. HE WILL APPEAR IN YOUR DREAM AND SCARE THE LIVING MANURE OUT OF YOU. THATS RIGHT, YOUR AN ANIMAL, JUST HOW THE ALPHA CONTROLS THE PACK, HE WILL CONTROL YOU WITH THIS GAME. HE DIDNT EVEN HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THIS GAME. BUT HE STILL USES IT TO CONTROL YOU. THATS WHY THE ""THE PARTIAL NUDITY BUG"" WAS CREATED. SO IT CAN BLIND YOUR FRICKEN EYES, AND OUT OF NO WHERE THE SPY WILL APPEAR AND SLIT YOUR THROAT WHILE YOUR SLEEPING, AND HAVING GABE NEWELL TELLING YOU THE TRUTH ABOUT VALVE AND WHY HALF-LIFE 3 WILL NEVER BE RELEASED IN YOUR OWN DREAM!!!!!!!!!!! THE FUTURE IS AT HAND, WERE ALL GONNA DIE BECAUSE OF THIS GAME. WWIII WILL OCCUR ALL BECAUSE OF THIS GAME. -----------------------10000000000000000/10 FOR THIS GAME. THE MOST OVERWHELIMING REVIEW THAT HAS EVER BEEN TYPED, WHY DO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME? BECAUSE I JUST DO. Positive things: its fun. THE END. What are you doing with your life. Reading this crap review basically saying ""I CANT HANDLE THE BOOBS"" and giving a possible explanation for why WWIII will occur. Go get a life. Stop reading this now. I told you to stop reading. You countinue to read, right? Im warning you, if you keep reading, I will tell you something you dont want to know. Still reading? You really want to know? REALLY? REALLLLLLY? I CANT HEAR YOU BECAUSE YOUR READING THIS IN YOUR HEAD. READ THIS OUT LOUD SO I CAN HER YOU. ""THE SECRET TO THIS GAME IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, wow youve made it this far, HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, THAT YOU DONT HAVE A LIFE. Why? Well explain to me why your still reading this? ""Becasue I have no life"" Precisely. Now go buy this, its pretty fun. ""BUT THE BOOBS"" Shut up and grow up.  ""BUT I DONT LIKE ANIME"" THEN WHY ARE YOU READING THIS? JUST WASTED A WHOLE LOT OF TIME OF YOUR LIFE READING THIS. ""Slow clapping while tears run down some guys face"""
,Recommended,282900,15332436,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SkelleyKing,4th wall breaking main character? Check!Abundance of moe-y characters? Check!2D cutscene jiggle physics? Check!Having fun while grinding a ton of enemies? Check!Good english dubbing? THANK YOUTons of video game refferences? Duh.Blatant descriptions of skill names and items? Yay.I like it. 9.2/10
,Recommended,282900,15391453,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,That Smug Ass Nigga,Pudding Simulator 201510/10 GOAT
76561197988931093,Recommended,282900,15422514,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,something,"Fun little JRPG with a bunch of fanservice, both in cute girls and references."
,Recommended,282900,15468575,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,OutCastLV,One of the Best games i have ever played... NepNep/10
,Recommended,282900,15487547,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ショタ男の娘,"HDNR;B1 is a parody JRPG with some fanservice and plenty of  ""nerdy"" references sprinkled in. I'm going to list some things and let you decide whether they're things you like or don't like:The diologue is quite humorous and wittyThe english voice acting is pretty bad, but the actors are cute. However, there simply doesn't seem to be line for a lot of parts. The japanese voice acting is just fine (recommended even if you don't speak japanese)The combat is fairly simple. Like a standard JRPG, you run around in an ""overworld"" and fight groups of monsters when you run into one. Each character has a turn, where you line up the area you can hit in with the enemies, and try to hit as many as possible.There are LOTS of mechanics going on in this game, and you will likely not know of some until they are explained by the tutorials.You will very likely need to (or want to) grind, however i have found grinding to be funThere are a bunch of cosmetic items (mainly hats/headpieces) for the different characters, as well as outfit changesWaifu Simulator 2015All that being said, I feel this is an absolutely wonderful game if you enjoy JRPGs. It is certainly one of the best, if not THE best, JRPG available on steam, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,282900,15516188,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Dr Bearington,"Fun LIght RPG with comedy.  Definately not a hardcore game, but still fun."
,Recommended,282900,15528463,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Alex,(. Y .)/10
76561198090485683,Recommended,282900,15529906,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Dirty Filthy Ape,got me hard
76561198038414812,Recommended,282900,15846181,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LordAziki,"One game I was addicted to when I was a child was Final Fantasy VIII.  Running around and getting into turn-based fights with exotic creatures and using interesting magical attacks with epic animations was pretty fun for me.  I also came to love anime and all things cute.  This game combines those and adds a lot of media references, grinding to unlock items to play dressup with a large cast of characters, and a metaphorical story about consoles fighting against piracy.The controls are awkward and take some getting used to, only about half of the English VO was ever done, and the combat can get a bit repetitive.In spite of the issues it has, I have enjoyed more than enough hours of playing to say this is a great game."
,Recommended,282900,15925752,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Shinobait,get your dose of nepu-nepu
,Recommended,282900,14263787,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,projectge.com | XenoWarrior,"If you've played this on the Vita, you'll notice the FPS boost when playing it on PC.Nep/Nep."
76561198019003877,Recommended,282900,14792690,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Pola ポーラ,"Is there an anime/videogame character stronger than Nep?And I'm not talking about MK2 Neptune equipped with the Mecha-Nep Blade, Sharicite, and Goddess Bangle. I'm not talking about Victory Neptune with the Holy Fang Blade, Histy's Bookmark and Archebangle either. Hell, I'm not even talking about Lv.99 Re;Birth1 Neptune in Purple Heart form (with full EXE Drive gauge, EXE Neptune Break, MAX Lily rank Falcom as partner for the Ignore Enemy Traits and the use of Icicle Spear and Cyclone attacks), equipped with the Fury (Eryn) Fairy Fencer F weapon, Candidate Ring, Monkey Bracelet, and the complete set of Angel or Devil Processor Units. I’m also not talking about Re;Birth1 Lv.999 Neptune in Purple Heart form with 100% shares in Planeptune and the Lost Purple Processor Units (which is capable of destroying Arfoire solo and makes her more powerful than the other CPUs combined) equipped with the Kiryu Sword, Shining Ring, CPU Ring and an Infinidisc with Act Fast Lv.5, Gradual HP Recovery Lv.5 and Physical Defense+ Lv.5 (with full EXE Drive gauge, EXE HDD: Neptune, MAX Lily rank CyberConnect2 as partner for the Ignore Enemy Traits and Shorten Wait effects and the use of Exploding Yama and Major Lightning Cut)."
76561198046580026,Recommended,282900,15018638,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Kaitonomiyaki,"Love the artstyle, animation and CG~ Humour and references in this game are both hilarious and amazing! Looking forward to Rebirth2 and 3!"
,Recommended,282900,15255950,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Big T Boss,"This game references dozens of different games in some of its dialog, but in very subtle ways. This game has cute girls doing cute things in it. this game has solid rpg mechanics; and this game belongs in your library."
,Recommended,282900,15301728,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,✪ Sleepy,Still one of the best JRPG ive ever played on my PS3 and now i can play it on my PC too <3
76561198118675460,Recommended,282900,15260917,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,BetaBooty,the only reason i bought this game is for the pantsu
,Recommended,282900,16486589,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,FuwaFuwaKamiSama,What you will find in this glorious game:-Obliteration of the 4th wall-Meta-puns-More references than Dogoos-Hot waifus-Cute waifus-Girls insulting each other based on their measurements-NEP NEP-Hours of your life wasted-Your very soulYes/10 Would waifu again.
,Recommended,282900,16491472,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,N.A,"This Game very very Goodi love the story of this game, next i love chara in this anime."
,Recommended,282900,16572298,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DawnOfTheSky,Why did I even buy FFXIII-2 when there's this game?10/10 Nep-NepPros:+ Gameplay is very smooth and not very draggy storyline+ References to many other games+ Controller supported (Plug in your controllers!)+ Soundtrack is kawaii+ Artwork is great+ Characters have individual personalities+ Familiar with FFX and KH gameplay? This game mixes both for a unique experience!Cons:- Some grinding required at the start- Easy to gain revives (Life fragments make the game too easy sometimes)
,Recommended,282900,16686701,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,"Lots of 4th Wall breaking, and heavy references to various video games companies and labels. Enjoyable gameplay and story.11/10 because of fan service."
,Recommended,282900,15766738,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Iwa.キタエリ,"Finished the game in 34 hours.I can honestly say that Neptune's attempt to break the 4th wall was a success. The humour in this game is at a satisfactory level, but the overall feeling was positive for me. The only draw back of the game is that sometimes you have to grind levels with your characters to beat the bosses. More importantly, the game serves as a prequel to the anime series. It was a kawaii game~Gameplay-wise: 8/10Plot-wise: 10/10"
76561198024631683,Recommended,282900,15783248,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Spectrum,Like JRPG games + refrences? Buy this game. Also your parents might question your life
,Recommended,282900,15796732,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,OOM-911,"After playing the game I can safely say if you like things like:-Anime-Game Refrences-JRPG's-Girls-And a large dose of BREAKING THE 4th WALL-HUGE REPLAYABILITY (if your like me)-Lots to unlockThen this game will be for you!Going into deeper details, Anime art has always been my thing, and even though in 3d it looks very nice! Character designs go from hilarious to badass and everything in between, while still feeling like it all fits (caught me off gard the first time I played to.).One of the major features is the HUGE amount of stuff to unlock (you will never get it all in one playthrough.) And everytime you play through the story you get to keep your items and levels, and while you will most of your characters, everytime you unlock them again, they have there levels back.In short Its very fun! And if your like me you will like this!Hope this review helped!"
,Recommended,282900,15883846,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ron_tuex,"doesn't have a serious story. but great combat.i played it for the plot though, LOL"
,Recommended,282900,16186276,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Blyr,This game taught me how to feel again
,Recommended,282900,16291124,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Papa Billy,"When I bought this game I really didn't expect anything.I tend to have a habit of buying random cutesy anime games, even if they are decent at best. So I bought this, expecting to play it in spite of people... but I ended up really liking it.Like, really, really liking it. I expected this to be a decent (if even that) JRPG but after a few hours I was hooked with the ridiculously likable characters, non-sensical story, and simple-yet-interesting mechanics.---------------------------------------This being on PC, the PC port stuff comes first:It's not that good. It's not good at all really, but it does run at 60FPS, goes up to 1080p, and has borderless window as an option. No real graphics options. It's still quite obvious that it's a port of a Vita game, but the game still looks really nice, in my opinion.Do be aware that there are no button prompts in-game for keyboard controls. It always displays with Xbox buttons. I prefer playing the game with the 360 controller. If you play with the keyboard, note that if you can get past the fact that there are no help prompts, and that the controls are kind of awkward, the game is still very much playable.---------------------------------------Now, onto gameplay:The battle system is a turn-based tactical RPG. You have your characters on one side, the enemies on the other. You move up to them and punch them. When attacking you can select between Rush attacks (quickly fills your EXE Gauge), Power attacks (deals heavy damage), and Break attacks (significantly lowers the enemy's Guard Points, so your Power attacks do more damage, can also inflict Guard Break). There are also SP moves, which are akin to abilities and spells, and EXE Drives, which are your special moves that use up your EXE Gauge's charges. Another handy feature is that all the CPU characters (The goddess characters) can use HDD. This transforms your character and dramatically raises all of the stats, for the cost of 20% of your max SP.Oh, the enemies you fight? They're the usual slimes, dragons, flowers, flying whales, dating sims, tetris blocks, and otakus you see in normal RPG's.There are also plenty of things to do on the world map, such as unlocking plans which you use for the Remake System, a mechanic that is kind-of like crafting (you trade in materials for a boatload of things), and Disc Development, which are kind-of like accessories, giving you many different buffs depending on the discs you used. There are also many... interesting NPC's which spawn over the course of the game, giving you... insightful comments or just stuff in general.---------------------------------------Now... story:The game puts you in control of Neptune, or as we all know her, Nep-Nep. After a massive fall down from the heavens she finds herself with amnesia. She hears a voice from a so called Histoire, telling her to collect all of the Key Fragments to release her. This leads her on a non-sensical (mostly because of Neptune herself) journey all over Gamindustri. During the game you meet loads of interesting characters, all being completely different from the next. Personally, the characters were my favorite. To mention a few: There's Vert, the mega gamer, MAGES., the Steins;Gate reference  incarnate character, Noire the tsundere... the list goes on. Honestly, the characters themselves can make a purchase worth it, even if you aren't too into cute JRPG's.The game also has a pretty crazy end-game if you get all of the DLC's. If you love difficult bosses and a boatload of things to do, you'll definitely love it. Not even close to finished and still having tons of fun.---------------------------------------However, as many amazing things this game has... it has many flaws (which I've heard the sequels improve on).The first being random difficulty spikes. I don't mean the kind that will make you die a few times... I mean the few that will nearly make you slam your hand into your monitor. The most prominent being as early as chapter 2 (experienced people will know who I am talking about). Then there are also dungeons which are ridiculously easy... followed by one dungeon who happened to have an enemy that could go ""viral"" and destroy you. Happy times!Re-using dungeon layouts. A lot. With this I mean that you will through-out the story see dungeons that you have already been in, but they have different enemies and harvest points. Optional dungeons follow the same trend, unfortunately. I personally didn't see this as a major thing, but I know some people out there could be irritated by this.Text formatting going off-screen. Yeah that might sound weird, but basically, there are times when the text goes out of the text boxes so you can't see all of it. It happens in dialogue and on descriptions, and it's quite a shame (especially if you have Japanese voices on).---------------------------------------TL;DR SectionPros:+ Amusing nonsensical story*+ Loads of references+ Amazing cast of characters+ Simple yet addicting battle system+ Great end-game full of contentCons:- Crazy difficulty spikes- Repetitive dungeon design- Sloppy text-formatting- Generally a bad PC port + no keyboard prompts, awkward controlsAll-in-all, I would highly recommend this game. Incredible fun, full of laughs and ""tense"" moments. But do be wary of the few quirks that comes with the PC port, and game in general.*I find the nonsensical story as a positive things because I find that breaking the 4th wall is hilarious,  which this game does /A LOT/."
,Recommended,282900,16386160,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[Otaku]SssooOO,"you know what? let me get this straight.this kind of JRPG is the best i've ever played in my whole life...as an otaku, i would reaaaalllyyyy recommend it to the other otakus out therethe story, it's very great that they do the opening of the game.(not before the main menu's. that's the opening song)  they tell you what happens that lead you to the main game. you need a good understanding of the story to advance through the game and they deliver it well. they also put some humour that I myself found funny.the character. who wouldn't want to play as cute girls destroying the monster for the quest to save the world? seriously, I do. they are so cuuteee I just can't find another word to say it. =3Music? hmmm..... the music's also great. (can't comment about it =P)the levels. most of them ARE the same but only some changes to the monster only. not much variety seriously.the most important part for me(seriously, for me) is the battle system.the game's battle system is very unique(also for me cause i didn't play the PS3 version of the game because..... i don't have it ;-;). it's very easy to understand and you can master it easily.overall, the game is great. it's VERY GREAT. i'll give it 10/10(P/S: like I said before, this game is for otakus)"
76561198041940756,Recommended,282900,16421990,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RedGryphon0,"I didn't choose the moe life, the moe life chose me."
,Recommended,282900,16422079,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ｋｏｍｏｅ,"My Console can't be this cuteThis is the war of consolesYes, i said Consoles but in moe formThis game is full of Cuteness, Prettiness and Sexiness of each characterI don't want to say that this game is the parody of the consoles war in the real lifebut, it doesNep nep will teach us that the beautifulness of the united world of games"
,Recommended,282900,16437709,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kaffarov,1080p boobies
,Recommended,282900,16493274,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Holo,Hell yea I recommend it... but the controls are hard when you start
,Recommended,282900,16530385,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lazarus,"After 60+ hours, finished the game.I'm so happy I got this game.I was feeling down, and now I'm not. I'm more happy, and more motivated. I've been getting stuff done. I feel good.The characters are wonderful (Except Noire, I love her design but absolutely can't stand her). The dialogue is really great in this game, one of the best I've ever seen. Around half of what I've seen so far has voice acting as well, and oh my god. So good. I absolutely love Neptune's voice actor, and some of Compa's has made me replay her lines repeatedly because they're so great. My complaint about the voice acting is that most of the adults in the game don't sound very good. CPU Black Heart sounds horrible. Eugh.The combat is really fun. Yes, it's turn-based, but it feels a lot more like an action game. It's pretty much a mix of Final Fantasy 13 and Eternal Sonata (if anyone knows what that is). It was fun enough that I was able to marathon the entire game after I bought it.At first I was worried when I saw the logo of the people who make the Agarest series (another turn-based visual novel-style jrpg that I grew extremely bored of) but damn. This game is really, really good. Gets a bit grindy, but not too bad.I love it. I absolutely love it.Character breakdown:Neptune: Amazing!Compa: Diabetes-filled deliciousness.Noire: Total b*tch but has amazing character design.Vert: Gamer, kind of cool, kind of annoying.Blanc: It bugs me too much that they call her ""Blan"" throughout the entire game. Love her character though.DLC:I suggest getting the Peashy DLC. She's adorable and extremely powerful.Plutia is extremely useful, but her non-CPU form gets very annoying, very quickly. Either way.I don't really suggest getting the Histoire dlc. Maybe if it's on sale.On a scale of Noire to 100, 92."
,Recommended,282900,16534361,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Glaice,"If you like colorful turn based JRPGs with a reasonable battle system, silly and occasionally fourth wall breaking dialogue and cute girls, give this one a shot.If you're gonna get this game, consider getting the Re;Birth2 Sisters Generation as well."
,Recommended,282900,16539197,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Neith (SectionSkyly),"Bought this as a bit of a joke since it was dirt cheap in the Summer Sale. Ended up playing it for hours.HDN RB1 takes place in Gamindustri, a world loosely based on consoles. Each nation is led by a 'CPU' which is revered as a goddess and all the goddesses have been embroiled in a Console War. The whole game is wrapped in this silliness and you'll probably have fun finding all the game references, in-jokes and fourth wall breaking. If you're looking for a serious JRPG look elsewhere but don't be fooled by the cute appearance of HDN.At its heart HDN is a very competent JRPG with a pretty interesting battle system that lets you use 3 characters and have another 3 at the 'back' (off screen) who you can use for boosts and assist attacks. Certain characters have access to 'HDD' which is a powered-up version (think super saiyan?) and there's also a lot of different playstyles between characters. Boss fights can be extremely tough- one of my few issues with the game is that the difficulty curve doesn't exist. It jumps and drops all the time which can be pretty annoying.The only other issues I have are that the dungeons are typically short and re-used over and over and sometimes in important story segments you have to go a long time between saves, sometimes fighting multiple bosses before you can save again which is pretty harsh if you're not prepared.Overall I was completely surprised by this and would really recommend it to anyone who wants a JRPG and/or something with a sense of humour....Desu desu desu"
,Recommended,282900,14445113,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,GReATz,It's the 1st time i bought original games.it's recommended for u who likes see moe moe chara & JRPG.& the comedy makes me loooooooooooooooool xD
,Recommended,282900,14479440,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Flooblegoo,"Do you like kawaii anime girls doing battle with funny looking monsters?In fact, do you like kawaii anime girls doing and saying funny things?Have you enjoyed JRPGs in the past, but aren't so involved that a less complex JRPG will offend you?Get this game and enjoy kawaii girls.11/10 - Kawaiitaku"
,Recommended,282900,14918129,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Iris Heart is Waifu Heart,"As one would expect of a moe-genre JRPG, lots of cute and cool female characters, lots of anime and manga references, and even more cliches than you can lift a finger at.All in all ,an enjoyable JRPG experience.Now if only my controller wasn't busted..."
76561198083526497,Recommended,282900,14306754,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,fliptrick,Came here for the plot. Wasnt disappointed. 10/10
,Recommended,282900,14306910,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Tamamo No Mae,Nep nep nep nep nep nepNep/100  gonna nep again
,Recommended,282900,14316030,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Spikà★,PUDDING!!!
76561198009765732,Recommended,282900,14332896,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Psy,"great game funny as hell but severe disapointment that there no histy,peashy and especialy plutia cards"
76561198010334118,Recommended,282900,14362403,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Rikter Iliaren,"I learned playstations are lonely, Xbox is a glass cannon and the Wii is actually foulmouthed.10/10"
76561198043832911,Recommended,282900,14362775,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Railgan,The game has a lot of fanservice and funny / sexy cutscenes. I personally didn't pay a lot of attention to them.++Loved the fact that you can skip all dialogues and combat animation.--The late game grinding however was really tiresome to get 100%.
,Recommended,282900,14368779,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,(*ES*) Stoney,"Damn it all, this game has brought out my inner weeaboo. Other than the anime style though, all in all a great well rounded, fun RPG. Stunning looking special moves, awesome HDD Transformations (Basically Mega Evolutions), no overly complicated battle interface, simple as you have a certain area that is shown that you can put damage into, how you aim it depends on whether or not you will take out 1, or take out 5. Story is compelling, full of comedy, puns, and many MANY references. Fun Plan system which lets you alter the game however you like. Enemies too hard? Use the Plan system to weaken them and give you a little edge. Enemies too weak for your tastes? Turn that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up to 11 with the Plan system. The Plan system is basically like built in mods, that you unlock over time. You like character customization? Boom, there are different outfits for all the useable characters that not only change their clothing, but their hair color and eye color...... Ok I will admit it's not the BEST character customization, but it's still fun in it's own aspects. The game has a great leveling system too, each new dungeon you enter obtains enemies that are not only stronger, but actually give out enough more exp than the enemies in the last dungeon that you don't hit a ceiling, and end up having to spend a good amount of time to gain just 1 level. An example of this is, you need to gain a total of 40,000 Exp to level up, the enemies at the most recent dungeon give out around 2,000-3,000 Exp per battle. At most takes about 10-15 minutes to level up your characters. (Did I mention as long as they are in your party and are alive, they all gain equal experience? It's like Exp. Share from Pokemon, but actually an EQUAL share. Cool right?) All in all I'd give this game a 10/10, Great, compelling, comedic, all around amazing story along with a great battle system and cool looking special attacks and HDD Transformations, with great plot development, fun and challenging boss fights, tons of references from titles such as Pokemon, Space Invaders, (an anime that has a contract signing little pink thing, I forget the name of it), comedic stereotypes, and a fair share of fourth-wall breaks, leaves this game as a must buy game for almost anyone! Definitely my new absolute favorite JRPG game. I've had it for barely a day and a half, and I already have 18.3 hours spent into this beauty. 10/10 would recommend, definitely worth the price. 10/10 would binge-play this game."
76561198023405191,Recommended,282900,14386839,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MatoiSumeragi45,Thanks i buyed this on my vita but i didnt resist have it on pc thanks for publishing it on pc :) finally alot console stuff come to PC yay so thx !keep pc in mind i want future neptunia title ^^
,Recommended,282900,14397688,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,。５９風,"The flat one called the oppai one ""Thunder♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;10/10, would stare at computer again."
,Recommended,282900,14492734,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,KeyboardCat,"The game is ported to PC from the Playstation Vita handheld, and the ending result its not great. Crashes on Startup, the cutscenes are not rendered in 1080p, the keyboard and mouse controls are awful, when you try connecting an gamepad it struggles to read. I had to spent a lot of time looking up stuff online to solve this issues and messing around in the options menu before actually getting it to work properly.Gameplay side aspects are great, the combat mechanics, crafting, questing, grinding in general are very well implemented.The whole Gaming Industry analogy thing is also amazing. Love all the references to the video game companies (Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Sega ...), to other games, and gaming related things in general.Overall, i would recommend if you have the patience to fix the game before actually getting to play it."
76561197999800946,Recommended,282900,14236144,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,feesh001,A truly Shakespearean tale about the trials and tribulations of 2D console-waifus. The perfect game to play with your dakimakura while your real friends look on in shame and disgust.10/10
,Recommended,282900,27813397,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Count's behelit,nice game
76561198120195201,Recommended,282900,23949529,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ballzmaniac,waifus everywhere. Noire best tsundere girlwaifu/10
76561198041936702,Recommended,282900,18407122,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,pokenar,"Ah, Neptunia. The original game(a PS3 game) was so bad I was put off from the series as a whole. But a friend kept raving about the Rebirth titles. so I decided to give it a shot, afterall all the game + all the DLC was only $10 during the summer sale. Turns out this improved it in every way imaginable. Its actually one of the most fun RPGs I`ve played.  Worth a consideration if you like RPGs, and the cute cast certainly doesn`t hurt."
76561198022578755,Recommended,282900,14300957,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,bobze,9/10. Would Nep-Nep again :3
,Recommended,282900,16458121,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,dog,This game is crazy and fun. Kinda hard to play with one hand tho :p
,Recommended,282900,29527582,Posted: 27 January,all,Francesca Lucchini Best Girl,"Graphics looks old for a 2015 game.Gameply is pretty simple, you make combos and use huge abilities when the energy bar fills. The dungeons are small and really repetitive.There is a lot of grinding if you want to have high levels, but most RPG use this feature.The characters are lovely and they make a lot of meta references to anime, manga and video games, that's what makes this a great and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,282900,27513909,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rosari Osta,Nep-Nep award for the best game out here.
,Recommended,282900,25184690,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dusksirlink,"I have three chapters left in this game, but I think I've played enough to say, GET IT NOW, or at least as soon as possible.  If you don't mind grinding, this game has the perfect amount of everything that any anime has ever had.  The story is hilarious.  Most of the cutscenes are told in VN form, but the few CGs are pretty good.  Also, I will say that I HATE dlc.  If it doesn't add anything significant (like skins and such) I personally despise it especially if it cost more than .50, but this is one of the few games where I will say BUY ALL THE DLC.  The two character DLCs are AMAZING.  One of them is a kawaii girl and the other is a flat chested boxer.  Both are very powerful, but not too OP that you can use them the entire game without a challenge.  I highly recommend you buy this game.  It is amazingly fun.  The only problem I would say is that the Mouse and Keyboard controls suck.  Play with a contoller."
,Recommended,282900,26954542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,< Aloy >,"Cuteness, Waifus & ¡LOLIS!, What else do you want?if you are an ""otako loli fan"" surely you're going to love this game. If you already watched the anime, you must get this game and  the other episodes.¡FEEL FREE TO LOVE NEP NEP!"
76561198387139587,Recommended,282900,34202921,Posted: 12 August,all,Hentai Da Best,Nepnep!
,Recommended,282900,14300785,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kimion,Die Playstation 4 DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!10/10 would fight against PS4's and Mario Tube's again.
,Recommended,282900,14938013,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Vaskir,"Fantastic game,the characters are very diverse in appearance and personality while all remaining likeable, the mechanics are great and the story is easy to get into.Very addicting.10/10 will be buying Re;Birth2"
,Recommended,282900,14609276,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,普通Shendow,"A very good RPG based in a video game-like universe. There are many references to real things and video games such as Dr Pepper, Vocaloid, Touhou Project, Mario or even Metal Gear Solid. The game also allows you to customize the outfit of each of your characters: you have a large range of outfits and hats for each character (except one or two, maybe). Some of these outfits are inspired from anime, such as Steins;Gate or Senran Kagura.Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 offers a wide range of characters (which are unlocked as you progress) which all have different skills and gear - entirely customizable.This game is fairly long - the DLC's (which are quite inexpensive) can extend the game's length. Though if you aren't willing to buy the DLC's, you can still enjoy the game by going for the achievements (I did!), crafting every item possible or completing every Colosseum challenge and Quests. This game will provide you many hours of intensive Nepping. Can't have enough of that."
,Recommended,282900,18550297,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,InsanityS,"I had once thought this series would remain forever exclusive to Sony's consoles so imagine my surprise when a Rebirth series finds its way to the PC. Rebirth 1 sets the tone with high quality presentation, allowing both battle sequences and conversations to come to life. The humour of the story is probably the biggest thing that kept me glued to the game, with Neptune in-particular being the life of the party, overly aware of everything being a game and drawing people in with her silliness.Fortunately the game also has a very solid set of mechanics to back it up. Things do start off pretty slowly with a few hours minimum needed to get the most out of things, but once it starts rolling the battle system offers a multitude of options with specials, items and form changes. The ability to move around the field before launching an attack, taking advantage of the different attack areas of moves, is an interesting change from other turn based RPGs. The plans system is also great, letting you craft new things for the experience like adding new enemies to areas or adjusting the strength of monsters.There are some drawbacks though. Difficulty is prone to spiking without warning and in general seems to expect you to be at a higher level than you actually will be if you're not excessively grinding. The game also reuses some of its level maps several times, simply with a change in enemies and sometimes changing the entrance point. The port can also be a bit buggy, although for me the only issue I encountered personally was a black screen during victory animations and this worked properly after I upgraded to Win10.You can read a full review of this game here."
76561198105115965,Recommended,282900,23852158,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HolyPanda3,Horrible English Translation
,Recommended,282900,14495068,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kanran,JRPGANIMENICE GRAPHICS/ARTWORKGood Storylineand now i'am addicted!
,Recommended,282900,16536879,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MoonRunestar,Has girls that transform into badass godessesBreaks the 4th wall and misuses memes too muchPresents ultra-cute japanese voice actingIt hit my weak spot for maximum damage!It also emptied my game budget.Worth it for Nep-Nep.
,Recommended,282900,15265307,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sorcy,Just started the Game. This>csgo11/10
76561198043061730,Recommended,282900,14334961,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kyuketski,"THIS GAME IS THE BEST THING. I mean you can nep a Nep Nep, c'mon, what more do you need in a game? Actually though, the game's a bit bugged as of writing this review, I had a lot of trouble getting to to work at first but i got it up, and running and haven't had many problems since. the game itself though I can attest is a lot of fun, if turn based character-driven JRPGs are your thing."
76561198056411919,Recommended,282900,23677420,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,mastert3318,Best game that I've played in a while. It's really fun and I suck at writing reviews. Play it. Now. :)
,Recommended,282900,31869577,Posted: 20 May,all,Sany,"Hyperdimension Neptunia, como o nome já deixa claro, é um jogo em que você tem que tirar das drogas uma garotinha viciada em pudim. Neptunia (ou Nepp nepp, milhares de vezes ditas pela Compa) é uma garota que por ser viciada, incomoda toda a vizinhança, até que um dia leva uma surra tão grande, e perde a memória (literalmente), vendo isso, as vizinhas acabam que ajudando a infeliz a recuperar a memória (mas mesmo assim continuava viciada), com isso neptunia vai pela vizinhança pertubando todos, entra em lugares proibidos, leva outras surras e no fim (se lasca novamente) recupera a memória, mas dessa vez a Turma do bairro, digo, os vizinhos viram seus amigos e dão mais pudim para nepp nepp, fazendo ela virar a escrava sexual de todo o bairro, Neptunia é o tipo de garota serelepe que não para de falar, chama as vizinhas de sem peito ou fracas (lv999 na nepp nepp faz sentido) ela tem uma irmã que a ama muito, é difícil para ela ver a nepp nepp se escravisando sexualmente para obter pudim, na season 2 ela fica mais triste ainda quando nepp nepp é sequestrada pelo traficante e tem que pedir favores novamente para os vizinhoas, triste, mas nepp nepp é uma vacilona, nada de mais."
,Recommended,282900,26140214,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,cmdraftbrn,"just finished it. man what a game.engaging storyline, relatable characters, lots of side quests.combat can get annoying at times, along with voiceovers inside and out of combat, 2 game crashes and for some reason the game liked turmimg my monitor off after 5-10 mins. but managed a workaround. (loaded a game on kong ""endless dream"" via FF and the game ran smooth. why no freaking clue lol.)12/10 nep-nepsnow to play a newgame+"
,Recommended,282900,15253147,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,vunk,Kangaru no you ni!!
,Recommended,282900,16102805,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,(ヾ(´･ω･｀) bakababi,Now you can play with your console war waifu in 1080p.
,Recommended,282900,22858212,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Doppyderp,nep/nep would pudding again
,Recommended,282900,14236625,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,765Toasty,So good I had to triple dip.
,Recommended,282900,20889399,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,アカリン~⭐,Farming Simulator
,Recommended,282900,14434790,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,#Ostrich316,roommate called me a weabo10/10
,Recommended,282900,14446927,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bunny,good game
76561198086284439,Recommended,282900,33676951,Posted: 20 July,all,Donavan★,This is the first game of neptunia that i'd play so far. i'm hoping looking foward to play the whole series. :)
,Recommended,282900,14329089,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,rurika,noire a beesta beeeest
76561198058582851,Recommended,282900,17479670,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,TwoWorlds,"This game is amazing! A must play if you like a JRPG with an awesome storyline, fun gameplay, and great characters. It can get really grindy though, so be prepared for that."
,Recommended,282900,21717878,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,The God of Lube,Plutia = OP Goddess of Dominance.
76561198022637758,Recommended,282900,25118997,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Tet,Great game I'd recommend it if you like any JRPG style games.
76561198042918778,Recommended,282900,15266762,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Adrenelini,All the noire!
76561198027819019,Recommended,282900,15268356,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dr. Panda,10/10 would nep again.
,Recommended,282900,15808488,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,KingStoneTootsie,"This game is the best, if not, in my top 3 JRPG/RPG i have ever played. This game has everything, game references, it'd funny, fun, cutesy, that is all i can actually think right now, doesn't help that it's 1am. I highly recommend to buy all the dlc's, they're 1$ each so yeah. espcially since if you buy the 3 Additional Content, you new quests and a level cap of, well lets see, base is 99, one is 300 two gives another 300 and three gives a final 300 with a total level cap of 999 for each character. And the character dlc are useful as well their stats are level 50 but they start at 1. So grab your money, buy the game, buy the dlcs, download it (i know long list) then save Gamindistry (you'll get it when you play it, if you're new in the series like me) and have fun buddy and yes...there is cat ears."
,Recommended,282900,15266799,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Butcher Pete,"I am ashamed that I've played this game. However, it does a good job of keeping you engaged with its somewhat unique range-based battle system, and the voice acting is entertaining in that ""it's so bad, it's good"" way. Also, boobs.I will buy every future installment that gets released on Steam."
76561198049412935,Recommended,282900,15270121,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Ryyz,1.8 hours in and I already think I see a future laifu ruined by waifu.... 10/10
,Recommended,282900,15259900,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Sandslash,"Ever think 'If only the console wars were represented by cute girls personifying games consoles'?Me neither, but it makes for an incredibly fun, hilarious and suprisingly addictive game.The more you pay attention while playing the more funny references you'll find.10/10Bravo Nolan"
,Recommended,282900,15263308,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,⋰n⋰i⋰k⋰i⋰b⋰a⋰n⋰z⋰a⋰i⋰,"Loli turning into goddess with boobs and swords, it's a YESwelcome to Heaven"
76561198073795560,Recommended,282900,15266138,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,VinylshySoul Ghost Or Phantom,Nep-Nep will be your person you love in this game and i give it a yes to play :D
,Recommended,282900,22157877,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,IBa4grama3,japan rpg+boob+dlc boob+gundam mix girl with boob+japans audio
,Recommended,282900,34745302,Posted: 4 September,all,P1asma,One of the greatest jrpg games I have ever played. I highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,282900,15272773,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Punkman,"Great gameplay awesome storyline, literally had me laughing out loud at many parts highly reccomend this game!!"
76561198189686939,Recommended,282900,15620416,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,SappyZachus71,"+good gameplay+an interesting turn-based mechanic+Over 30 hours of gameplay+KAWAIIIIIIIIII ANIME GIRLS!!!~decent story~Awkward scenes~3 DLC packs, each raising the level cap by 300(for a max level of 999)-Map layouts have been reused here and there-Very grindyReccomended to those who look for a game to play, and if you cap the non-DLC level, get the DLCs that raise the cap, you will have a lot more gameplay time on this.""It's not about the looks, it's about the feel""8.5/10"
,Recommended,282900,15665103,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,d:^),Plutia / Iris Heart = RIP
76561198052129059,Recommended,282900,15688705,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,cetra777,"I am in chapter three of this game and loving it. Combat feels similar to FFX-2 and the characters are fun, sarcastic, and generally adorable. There is too much fan service but it is not way over the top and they do a good job of not sexualizing the magical girl forms although they are rediculous about the teenage ""Goddess"" forms. Overall the story is fairly standard jrpg fare up to this point but the crafting system is a ton of fun and the pacing is great.One tip, if you grab this game go ahead and put down the $6.00 for the expanded content. You get two extra playable characters and wardrobes for both of them. That alone is worth it if you ask me. Anyway I hope you give it a go and enjoy it as much as I am-xoxo Sarah"
,Recommended,282900,15272907,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,CJHSparta ぽい kickback.com,"10/10 Good Storyline, worth the DLC's"
,Recommended,282900,15661138,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Volerm,"Anime, video games and ""plot""? Oh my!"
,Recommended,282900,15678508,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,IcyMcSpicy,A game where the IRL Video game consoles are interpreted by Cute anime girls.  Hyperdimension Neptunia  is chock-full of hilarity and references any gamer should love and understand. Not to mention the battle system is challenging enough that you can still die by some of the bosses while having characters at level 99.10Waifus/10
76561198183942950,Recommended,282900,15693558,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,valkrain97,A good game
,Recommended,282900,14725613,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Imaranx,"This game is super cute and lovely anime game. ^^Its nice for those, who like to see cute and/or sexy anime girls...there is not much boys in this... ^^;And that is kinda a shame.It seems you cannot play as not even one male character... (?)I still like it, even if I get bored to fanservice pretty easily. ^^;Very nice JRPG~♥"
,Recommended,282900,14386544,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Kezxc,This game makes me horny for some reason
,Recommended,282900,14394287,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,inimicae,"There are two types of people who might show interest in this game: those who will leave most of the settings at their defaults, and those who will immediately set the audio language to Japanese. If you are among the latter group, you're probably going to buy this whether I recommend it or not. If you are of the former, it won't be long before you join our ranks. #nep4lyfe"
,Recommended,282900,14381674,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Moepat™,Tekken is best girl
76561198070481939,Recommended,282900,14392172,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,yuval,Nep Nep Nep! Nep Nep Nep Nep!! Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep!!! Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep!!!! Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep!!!!! Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep Nep! Nep Nep Nep! Nep Nep Nep! Nep Nep Nep! Nep Nep Nep! Nep Nep Nep..................... BUY IT!!!!!!
,Recommended,282900,14349961,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Aries,Best game
76561198061497702,Recommended,282900,14376861,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PogChamp,"Well, i bought the game for lolis, i got lolis, what do you want else?Im happy!"
76561198047097951,Recommended,282900,14373435,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Razakel,NEP NEP ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198065612411,Recommended,282900,14352765,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Spoopy Ren,Console Wars + Waifu Wars = Profit.Leanbox forever!
76561198239534934,Recommended,282900,21816194,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,hjalsayegh,"A pleasant surprise!I thought it would be a bleh anime game that pimps out cute girls to get otakus to buy it. turns out the cute girls part was correct but it's cute enough to keep your interest!PROs- The characters are memorable with a lot of personality.- the fourth wall isn't broken, it's shattered to bits!- The english dub is done well- The puns in the dialogue were changed to better work in english, it's the best part of the game!- Simple game mechanicsCONs- very grind happy game...- battle is maybe too basic, you can close your eyes and smash the X button and still win a boss battle- the fourth wall breaking can be hammed in at times so I can see it annoying people- inside jokes that only hardcore gamers would understand.This is a niche game for sure but it's a good one, I got it during the sale for $5 and for that price or even at 50% off would totally recommend it, not so much at full price though."
76561198114015988,Recommended,282900,21988709,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Zimbabwe Salt Co. [Team 💯],So a friend of mine got me this as a joke and we all had a good laugh about it.They still haven't found his body.
76561198020711671,Recommended,282900,22023658,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Zettadigit,"I really like the concept of this game; It's the personification of the the Game Industry (in Japan's perspective of course), that means the characters are personifications of game consoles, game companies and games themselves! So I played it and I did like it at first, but when I was almost near the end of the game, I started to get dissappointed and I barely finished the story. I thought the game had so much potential because it could show how the characters interact with each other with all the serious themes in the game industry. That isn't the case because this game really doesn't take itself seriously. It bathes in its 4th wall breaking jokes, game industry references and it does not give a ♥♥♥♥ what you think.After a few months, I came back to the game with a fresh mindset. I should enjoy the game as it is and not think about how much potential it could have had. Guess what? I really like the game now, in fact, I love the Neptunia series!All I want to say is that if you plan on playing this game or the other games in the series, don't take it seriously because the game surely does not. Enjoy the game for what it is!Also, you may have noticed that the Neptunia series is very niche, the fans are real fans. It's either you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥or you love it."
,Recommended,282900,14235034,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Xariot,"I always wanted to check this series out but console gaming hasn't been something I have really done for years.  Not having a Vita of course I never could play this specific title... UNTIL NOW!So far its pretty fun, I enjoy the combat and bright colorful design.  The plan system is pretty good allowing you to add in new dungeons, items, and even increase the difficulty.If you like turn based JRPGs I would reccomend this.  Here's hoping companies continue to bring more JRPGs to PC (also the rest of this series!)"
76561198039657405,Recommended,282900,14434096,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Kaga,Do you even Nep?
,Recommended,282900,15265402,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Simbiat,"All I can say is... Nepu-Nepu! Flashy, funny, sometimes sexy... Not sure about the fighting system, since I'm more into Agarest (original one) style, but it's ok. At least you can avoid some of the fights if you are careful. Anyhow we are all here for Nepu-Nepu, not for fighting ^_^"
,Recommended,282900,14520834,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dop,"Nep/Nep, Nep out of Nep would Nep againI've been streaming this game on Twitch for the last 3 weeks, 40 hours played and still want more. The story is light and whimsical and the characters are kawaii as ♥♥♥♥.Or you can go HDD mode, give up some kawaii and up that sex appeal if you're more into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,282900,15259858,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,(S:.),-/w/- IF <3
76561198018541251,Recommended,282900,15269504,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Jooakim,op
,Recommended,282900,27429283,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ΩΦ๖Ω(SilverZone430)ΩΦ๖Ω,"This is the most awesome game i ever play. First starting i was like what the ♥♥♥♥ is this? Then because ♥♥♥♥ing Gabe Newell Offering the Price. A.K.A The discount of king. Then also the banner made me curious after i go in the Opening kills me. After i get in the game the game kill me. ♥♥♥♥ you Gabe Newell why you should offer me game, now i'm curse by the luck of Neptunie."
,Recommended,282900,27554955,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sunster,I have consolesI have waifusugh!Console waifus!Why are you reading this when you can have console waifus!? Go buy this game already!
,Recommended,282900,33377890,Posted: 8 July,all,SwiftShadow,Moe and Grinding.And grinding.And grinding.And more grinding. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198012881594,Recommended,282900,33199581,Posted: 3 July,all,Barnout93,This game is the first step of ultimate weebness.
,Recommended,282900,33098060,Posted: 1 July,all,PurpleHeart,i got this game along with hyperdimention rebirth 2 & 3 and i have to say its probably the best thing i got
76561198134512517,Recommended,282900,16758385,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rayden Kingshore,"In my opinion, one of the best JRPG's out there.It has everything you want: good story, humor, awesome characters, great battles and an amazing soundtrack to go with it.By far one of my favourite games of all time!10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,282900,17190454,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Excelsior,It's Dangerous to Go Alone! Take Nep.
,Recommended,282900,16766188,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Sado Invaldi,"First Game on Steam I've ever managed to get all achievements in. Need I say more?Bought it on a Whim, interesting story about the ""Console Wars."" Plenty of Jokes, references to other series and obviously since the game features an all female cast, fanservice."
76561198006050819,Recommended,282900,16754926,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,"Overlord of Taco's, Tacocat","Fun if your into fairly old school(i enjoyed it), story line will run about 25-30hrs, then if u go around unlocking everything and geting to max level your looking at about 90-100hrs."
,Recommended,282900,15258053,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Skaabii,Noire is perfect.
,Recommended,282900,15258120,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Daniel,Girls.
,Not Recommended,282900,33717353,Posted: 22 July,all,thainen,"I'm dropping the game 10 hours in, after beating the first two chapters. I think it's enough to have a taste of what it is. I'm sure people who gave it an Overwhelmingly Positive rating had their reasons to love it -- here are my reasons not to.Like many JRPGs, this game is mostly character-driven. The main character has two main traits: she's hyperactive, and she loves to eat pudding. That's it, there's nothing more to her. Other characters are just as shallow. We're playing as a bunch of dumb girls who just don't shut up, tearing the player's ears with extremely silly banter in extremely high-pitched voice. Not that it's bad by itself, but it's written poorly. It's probably supposed to be cute and funny. It's not. Don't expect Azumanga or Lucky Star level of writing. They are just annoying.The plot is beyond nonsense. For a bit, it was cool to see a meta story full of fourth wall breaking jokes, but after a while you realize it's just a gimmick. The game throws pop culture references at you with no rhyme or reason. It's a JRPG equivalent of Scary Movie 5.The gameplay is... Okay, I guess. It's grindy, it has some room for strategy, it's more or less engaging... Not better or worse worse than in most turn-based JRPGs. By itself, it's not bad, but you can enjoy more or less the same in games with much better story and characters.The dungeons are tiny, ugly and very lazily made. They are just bunches of corridors with monsters hanging around.Lesbian romance as a core mechanic is cute, but to care about characters' romance, I need to care about characters themselves. For that, again, they need to be likable, not obnoxious. And it's more teasing than actual romance anyway -- again, don't expect to read anything like SonoHana here.If you like ultra-cheesy romantic comedy anime, you'll probably like this game too. If you don't -- beware."
76561198034571244,Recommended,282900,27047689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,「ムーンライトレイ」,Nepu?
76561198003950443,Recommended,282900,15705788,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lrrr,Nep/10
,Recommended,282900,33012305,Posted: 29 June,all,KellerDweller9,"The Nep Nep virus is coming!As the PC-player I am, I wanted to check out a JRPG and the style of Nep Nep was fascinating! No, I'm not a loli-fan at all ﺟ_ﺟ. .The 3D-visuals of this game are particularly pleasing, with its resemblance to full anime style, rather than being a 2D oldschool Zelda rip-off. And in conclusion, I'm far from being disappointed!In fact, just after playing 2 hours of Neptunia Re;Birth1, I grabbed the discounted rest of the series (Re;Birth 2,3 and Megadimension VII). I'm glad that this console classic made its way onto our beloved PC. A beginner friendly JRPG that you have to try out - Promise!"
,Recommended,282900,27556539,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arc,VN + JRPG influences + Transforming Babes = Recipe for Success
76561198091558885,Recommended,282900,27578121,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PizzaDino,"Get ready for some 4th wall breaking, if you enjoy silly things(puns, serious humor etc), this game is 100% for you."
,Recommended,282900,27122298,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Echidna,Great remake of the 1st neptunia game
,Recommended,282900,17608709,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ShadowDeathBlade93,It's a really fun game & I can't wait for the third game to be out on Steam. Hope this review was really helpful. =^.^=
,Not Recommended,282900,16803818,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Chuuko,"%95 grind %5 actual cute cutscenes which are enjoyable.- Massive amount of re-used assets- like I said, the grind is rediculous its literally in there so you spend a ton of time playing the game so you think ""well i put a lot of hours into the game it was well worth the money""- The freakin overused memes/ jokes. Sometimes its just way too much and it can get bland REALLY fast. Its like we get it you ♥♥♥♥ing love pudding, now shut up.- It annoys me because they literally have somthing in here for like every anime stereotype so everyone has somthing to love but its just obvious bait for sales and a fanbase and the thing is most of the fanbase does not even give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the aweful gameplay they usually just spaw♥♥♥♥♥♥like ""hyperdimension nep nep nue nue kawaii desu"" or some♥♥♥♥♥♥- The dungeons are re used as hell. It will be like a dungeon is in a different area and different name but is the same map with different enemies. Woopty ♥♥♥♥ing do.+ Character design is kinda cool+ I like the special abilities with the little cutscenes they do+ bewbsI liked the anime spinoff better"
,Recommended,282900,16431162,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NegaMan,I love this game.
,Recommended,282900,16439281,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,McGamer,"A fun game with fun and cheesy comments! It's done right you can't simply be bored with this game!The only downside is controlling the character with the keyboard even if you can keybind some of the buttons you still have to figure out where ABYX is, but overall it's a great game and totally worth the money.Sooo muchwaifuin this game!"
76561198037645022,Recommended,282900,16452043,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,imrathan,Nep-Nep and boobs.
,Recommended,282900,16435137,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JHBloodstorm,I've got to say this is one of the most funist games i've ever played. the story is cute yet serious when needed. the combat is simple and just fun to watch. I give it a 4.8 out of 5.
,Recommended,282900,16451923,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,L1'z.aLTer,Nice GameI Love Nepgear:)
,Recommended,282900,14303904,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Chitose,Best game ever
76561198087656542,Recommended,282900,28651088,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Claudia,Good game
,Recommended,282900,28238451,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Nep.
76561198231485040,Recommended,282900,27868606,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ghost K Su,Started playing and a couple hours later i bought 3 of the Nep Nep games (rebirth1-3). 0 regret. stay away from the spinoffs
,Recommended,282900,28169410,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Bree,why are you reading the reviews? just buy It!
,Recommended,282900,28016799,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ALL MIGHT,nep
,Recommended,282900,23918768,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ruphine,"Fun JRPG with lightweight story and cute girls.Yeah, cute girls. That's the sole reason I purchased this game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Pros :Cute girls with live2D. They make expression when talking,Lightweight story with 2 endings.Full voice over with nice intonations. (I played with Japanese audio only, haven't tried English audio)Many playable characters and 4 optional characters. (I'm not talking about DLC characters).Funny jokes and references to other games.There is auto-play, skip, and history for the dialog.Nice BGM and soundtrack.Controller support. Works fine with my USB generic controller and xbox controller.Steam cloud sync.Expensive trading cards, emoticon and background. Foil cards are even more expensive than the game while on sale.All achievements are easy to unlock, but some achievements need quite amount of time, especially achievement which we have to earn 100 million credits.Cons :The dialog is not well translated from the Japanese audio. I understand a bit of Japanese so I can tell whenever the dialog was different from what the characters said. It won't matter if you play it with English Audio or doesn't understand Japanese.Lacks of information about character stats. E.g I didn't even know what TEC and MEN are. I had to look at community guides about them. STR AGI INT are common in games, but I had never seen TEC and MEN before.Too many items and dungeons. I wanted to craft all plans, but they are too much for me. And browsing items at shop becomes pain with that many items. Though most of the dungeons are optional, I wanted to unlock all of them, but that dungeons keep dropping plan to unlock next dungeon. I give up on 100% completion, 100% achievement is enough for me.Battle mechanism is unique, but it is rather complicated because the game has many feature in its battle mechanism. This is confusing at the beginning of the game.Repetitive dungeons and monsters. Many dungeons and monster have similar appearance to each other. I'm okay with this, but maybe not for some people.Dungeons with snow make it harder to spot items.Overall I give this game 8/10"
,Recommended,282900,15611018,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dr.Pandora,"hmm this game was in my view ever since it was realease in ps3 but no money to spend for PS3 so i decided to give up i pretty dam happy this game  came out on steammy evaluation >> 10/10  good game, easy game play, nice artwork, funny story line"
,Recommended,282900,17527687,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,TG_Judgement,"Having previously played Agarest 1 & Zero from the same developers, and having found those to be utter dross, I had low expectations when I started playing this game, expecting it to basically be the same, with a coating of gaming industry meta-commentary...What a nice improvement this one is compared to those two games.Well, the fanservice is still there, and they tend to lay the meta-commentary (and related jokes) a bit too thick, but it's pretty tolerable, and the story even enjoyable as it generally doesn't take itself too seriously. The gameplay is also miles ahead of agarest, though still ""ok"" by most standards. It'll bore you if you're looking for intricate or interesting gameplay, but otherwise it does it's job pretty well.Graphics wise, there's pretty much no options, aside from a resolution option of up to 1080p, though it does support at least 60fps. Baffling is the choice of API for this game, with it using OpenGL instead of the usual DirectX9/10/11 APIs, which is somewhat bad news for us AMD GPU users, as the drivers for it are known to be rubbish, with my FPS tending to hover around 50-60.So,with all said.. Pretty good romp if you get it on a sale."
,Recommended,282900,23563798,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,FRCD ♋❤♏.HyperX,Good sountrack nice battleF12 Simulator 10/10
,Recommended,282900,30759160,Posted: 26 March,all,Springtrap,just play ityou'll probably regret both playing it and living
,Recommended,282900,20421494,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Si3rra,They promised me cute waifus.........well they weren't lying. They just left out the 50+ hours of grinding in order to get waifus.10/10 would mindlessly grind for NepNep again.
,Recommended,282900,15259223,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Orito,this game ruined my lyf10/10 ign
,Recommended,282900,22363739,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Sun,"Im not going to write jokes reviews about this game like some players did here so lets get startedHyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth 1 is a turn based rpg made by Idea Factory , Compile Hearts and Felistella . With a creative fighting style , this game has many features many RPGs dont have . For example , this game has a thing called "" plan "" which could change the game like adding stronger enemies in every dungeons or adding new items while some RPGs dontthis game also have a heavy references to some animes/games and others , adding a funny to read visual novels , it makes the game betterhowever , every thing in the world , no matter how good it is have it bad sides right ? well in this game , there are some , for example , some new enemies in this game are not really "" new enemies "" , they're just different colour or different name . This game also force us to grind/farm alot because some in this game can just over powered us if we're underleveled , but grinding in this game is fun and not really boring for some reason , we all understand Compile Heart/Idea Factory is still new to gaming industry , the graphics in the game are just low textured and they use the same graphic in every game , but its an anime kind of game like Final Fantasy , so high graphic is not necessarynot suprising how the game/anime series makes a hit steam , as the jokes are funny , the references are easy to understand and the idea of the game is just brilliant , the game's story is long too , making the player able to enjoy the story moreThe price for the game is a little expensive but you can get it cheap when the game's on saleOverall , I recommend 8/10 for this game , I recommend you to buy it and support Idea Factory , Compile Hearts and Felistella"
,Recommended,282900,24829052,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Davoodinator,typical VN grinder from these guys10 fan service neps out of 10
76561198111668101,Recommended,282900,14303848,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Echevarria,"what can i say?, Kawaii wa SEIGI!!!, cute is justice!!1111i actually exit and open the game few times so i could listen to the openingoh and don't forget to change the voice to japanese `Warning : MOE Overload"
,Recommended,282900,14304092,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Leto,:O Amazing Game I love it! 10/10
,Recommended,282900,14314865,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Biscuit,"Nep Nep ~ NyuuWell this one good JRPG :3 #icanmakemynekogamiinthisgamePro :- Good Port- Remake Systemhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=384663160- Cute Expression- VN like + RPG + Crafting- Bewbs everywhere >.<- Peashy . . . Kick !!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=386357572http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=386357749- You got your waifu >.<Cons :- You'll forget about your life D:- Still got crash, without some tweak (try change compatible to win xp sp 3 to prevent this, it's work for me)9/10 from me overall :3* just finished the first Cycle today (4 Feb 2015), now let's go play the NG+ #onfireNep Nep ~"
,Recommended,282900,16436501,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Big Boom Boom,No problem! I'm good at shooting games. I'll just have to barrel roll!
,Recommended,282900,25107146,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ada ada saja kids jaman now,Things i Get From This Game1.A New Waifus2.Fan Services3.A really good day4.dad called me pedophile and pervert5.Neptune smiling at me6.boobs7.Panties8.pudding9.You Still Scrolling ?10.Nowa X Neptune (Not gonna lie this is the good part)11.lolis12.32 bit megabladeDont buy this game if you're not 13 years old its really weird if your 9 years old brother play this game so dont let anyone touch ur pc or laptop or ur father called u a pedophile and pervert believe me u dont want to be called that by ur father*Sorry For My Bad english ill try go to english class if i manage to reach lv 999 on this series
,Recommended,282900,14268583,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Super Potao,"Hey You! Yes You Weeaboo! You must buy that game, because it can turn you from a big bearded man in a small Japanese schoolgirl!"
76561198377565451,Recommended,282900,35230475,Posted: 26 September,all,Mechanic Shy Guy,THis game is really really good even if you don't like anime this game is a blast
,Recommended,282900,19543165,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Swim Swim,Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu Desu
,Recommended,282900,14647293,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Tsumi,Jumping around to see the panties. Who needs porn if you have this. All I need is a higher bounce setting now.
,Recommended,282900,15269469,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Meltandriel,Pros: supah KAWAICons: Rip wallet and any chance at getting a girlfriend10/10 Would hate myself again.
,Recommended,282900,14566934,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,librin.so.1,">I got an achievement for starting the game.Can't argue with that – today was first time I managed to start the f-ing game after a ton of effort.Been playing for over an hour now, but would love to go to sleep.Yet I can't – I am still searching for the means to exit the damn game without outright killing the game's process.9001/10 – GOTY 2017"
,Not Recommended,282900,26393799,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Flux,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. However I simply couldn't like it.First of all, there is a lot of dialogue (most of it not even dubbed in english except for the important parts) and it can get a bit tedious wanting to play the game and having to go through text and text. If you're into anime humor then you will not find anything wrong with this, but if you don't, it's definately gonnaThe other thing to keep in mind is the gameplay. It's not bad and stinging combos can be satisfying, however, for some reason the game can get really difficult. Sometimes you can get early enemies that do so much damage even if you're at the beginning of the game. Makes you think if you should even be there or if you should just start grinding for exp.Also, the amount of DLC is absolutely ridiculous. Almost reaching COD levels.However, I do have to say the concept is genius. It's basically a console war with anime characters.If you like anime humor, some grinding and JRPGs in general, you might like this game."
,Recommended,282900,14312939,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,a based godysey,This game cost me 16.49$ and the last shread of dignity I had.But I got to see kawaii boobies.11/10 would nep again.
,Recommended,282900,20099921,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FuLSy│G2,"Now watch me nep~Watch me nep nep~Now watch me nep,nep~Watch me nep nep~"
,Recommended,282900,14304270,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Pola~,"Just buy it. No matter what, BUY IT! 11/10 <3 Noire <3"
,Recommended,282900,14270627,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Rudolf Von Goldenbaum,Nep/nep would nep again.
,Recommended,282900,24682071,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mr. Kremit De Fraug,"Kill me, please."
,Recommended,282900,14288065,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,KONATAonPC,"""Oh no, Compa! She's being *censored* and *censored*!"" >:310/10"
,Recommended,282900,14289757,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dewritos,"Play the game and watch the anime, you filthy scrub."
,Recommended,282900,14235131,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sumea,"So this game is like, about consoles and- Wait, you guys do not know what console is. Gosh darn this gonna be hard then... Err. so there is these girls that are game consoles, kinda, softa, not exactly but....There is also their countries that represent the companies kinda sorta not really but kinda...And then there is a lot of humour, jokes, most unserious adventure to save the world on steam™ and ""Tons and tons of moe.""11/10 It's OK I guess -Me™"
,Recommended,282900,24821634,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Cosmic Movement,"I didn't care about the weeaboo/cringe elements of this game, I loved this game because of the solid RPG experience (it's JRPG, though) with fun and unique turn-based combat mechanic + cool battle animations.This game is about girls that can transform into stronger CPU (goddesses) form. The storytelling is told by the characters in VN style with many jokes and references to other game/anime. I think the plot is not too good but it's still enjoyable.The core of this game is about grinding to the higher level so you can get more skill and high damage weapon. It also has lots of items so you can change your character's appearance (costume and ribbon) while in-game. Really worth the money (I bought the game when it was 80% off).desu desu desu desu desu"
,Recommended,282900,27123627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ignite,Nomination badge :^)
,Recommended,282900,18865682,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,"Shikine ""Dorothy Hiyajo"" Kang",I came. I saw. I nepped.
,Recommended,282900,14427353,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,mince,who are you to judge me
76561198059937253,Recommended,282900,14288947,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,。lee。,funny game
,Recommended,282900,15193366,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Smitty Ryker,Veru fun game if you want kawaii desu gaem where yuo can boi costumes and stuff and think your final fantasy but its aactualluy cpu against game where the masters go then you die to bunnyies
76561198086363190,Recommended,282900,14291636,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Schwarltz,"This game have a good game play and a good story to read through the story, and some times between the story you can find the joke really funny looks like you are in there. I recommend this game because the graphic, Story and even the game play is perfectly fit in this game :D"
,Recommended,282900,14292187,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hank Moody,One of the most okayest JRPG's i've played
,Recommended,282900,14308752,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kasumi Sumika,Greatest game in the world <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,282900,14250874,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ketchups92,The b̶r̶e̶a̶s̶t̶s̶    characters in this game are very well developed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IW7RRAsIwE8&list=UUF8RBJop81EfJ-SMmSUfhlg
,Recommended,282900,14812330,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,イカロス,10 Nep-Nep / 10
,Recommended,282900,14241975,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ElitesTeaTime,Waiting For PC Long Time ... Finaliy :D// Little Lag in X4 840 / RAM 4 GB / HD4250 / 500GB HDD :D  But Playable
,Recommended,282900,14247618,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,HorseAnus,Absolutely amazing!
,Recommended,282900,14312180,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,K. Seto,"While I do recommend this game, I have to say that this game really lacks one thing. It should have been bundled with insulin pills."
76561198009385034,Recommended,282900,23940312,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Randomn00b,solid jrpg mechanicswaifus and fanservice10/10
,Recommended,282900,15231700,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Golden Canon™,Good Game
,Recommended,282900,14236473,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Dync,Q button skip simulator10/10 would mash Q button again
,Recommended,282900,14241220,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Untitled,"Cute girls doing cute things. Close your door if you get embarrassed easily.Also some of the translations aren't right or just suck, but it's still a good game."
76561198081577421,Recommended,282900,14236013,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Pineapple Lord,"This is my personal opinion coming from someone who has played every game and single spin off at least twice on the PS3 and VITA.The game is really fun and the story is really good plus Neptune just loves to break the 4th wall as much as she can whis very funny.The combat and gameplay is really good.There are a lot of new features and concepts from past games.If you have played HDN Victory,the combat is borrowed from Victory.All the characters have their own personalities too(and there are a lot of characters too)The only thing I personally had to get used to(obviously) was the controls.If you have played any of the previous games on the PS3 or the VITA,you will have to get used to the keyboard.I re-mapped the controls to my preference and got used to them super fast,just a little heads up to new players.You can,however,play with a gamepad,I personally don't have one but if you do,this game supports gamepads!Keep in mind that this review is completely biased and informative,I love these games to no end but I also want to help new players to get into the series,so if you have any other questions about the game or games,just let me know!"
,Recommended,282900,14482642,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,真「SHiN」,This is my review for Hyperdimension Plutia Re;Birth1PROS:-Plutia-Plutia-PlutiaCONS:-Not enough Plutia-Not enough Plutia-Not enough PlutiaOVERALL SCORE:Plutia/10
,Recommended,282900,16326493,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,zhulov3rz #BadPlayer,"Summary:Polished Gameplay ☑Kyute Grills ☑Annihilated 4th wall ☑Vidayagame References ☑Dogoos/10Random Info:Still more amusing than re;birth 2. God this game is awesome.Some people like to complain about copypasta envionments, but honestly I think it serves its purpose and isnt the main focal point of the gameplay. If you'd like, you can even pretend they're parodying other games by doing this, which is sufficiently believable.Features some of the most awesome soundtrack from other neptunia gamesDLC is mostly a grind fest/more challenging content, should you be playing for actual gameplay. It's not like extra story or plot or anything.The progression curve in this game may be slightly augmented, since the hardest chapter is chapter 2 and the early game can be rather tough if you dont grind enough initially.Regarding the above, completing the ""Weaken enemies"" plan which you get just before the start of chapter 2 will make completing the game quite easy, should you only be interested in plot.Gameplay tip: Pressing the button assigned to the L bumper skips animations of skills in battle, great for grinding. Also the power of each skill is the total power of a skill, not the damage of each hit.One of my greatest issues with this game is that on your first playthrough it's quite likely that you lock yourself out of numerically high healing items due to not unlocking a certain dungeon by a certain point, forcing you to complete the game with % healing items. Interestingly this is the only gameplay affecting ""lost forever"" item in this game.Plot bosses always drop the same item 100% of the time. No save scumming for item drops required."
,Recommended,282900,27726252,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,新 Kedzior,10/10 would nep (especially Noire)
,Recommended,282900,14426521,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sunohara,Best. Game. Ever.Until Re:Birth 2 comes in
,Recommended,282900,19274892,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Aphyxia,neps
76561198111793846,Recommended,282900,16688915,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,yaska.p,Nice
,Recommended,282900,27403059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The POI of Bunneh,Neptune for LYFE
,Recommended,282900,23550722,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Android 17,Great waifu simulator.
,Recommended,282900,14865484,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Quasi,"Fun, interesting, and attention grabbing, Hyperdimension really made me remember what made JRPG's so much fun."
,Recommended,282900,14270210,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,🌸 Yōgaya 🌸,Simply buy this game for Nepping..It was worth my Time.
,Recommended,282900,14238056,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Santaman,"Great plot, great backstory, weeb/10 game."
76561198025824856,Recommended,282900,20363729,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,fancybadger,"Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a blast your♥♥♥♥♥of so fast lazer fantasmal ♥♥♥♥♥♥al experience full of the prettiest princesses and gorgeous goddesses.The DLC overall makes the game alot simpler and adds a few extra nick nacks here and there that just make it alot more fun such as the additional characters to the already eternally brilliant character list other than the ditzy nurse trope that is Compa or annoying 'too much loli' nyu-ing of Broccoli.All in all the game is a fantastic and somewhat trivial JRPG experience that is fun and a consistently good game, tons of fun collecting outfits and forgetting to do one dungeon and having to start a New Game + just to get an outfit or character you didn't know about before.Just like Blanc, this game is an A rating."
,Recommended,282900,20364063,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,EJ,"Ok, so you're an average person on steam who likes to play video games yes?You also know abit about game consoles right?You like the animes correct?Well listen right here, hold on now, right listen up.This game, has a world filled with game and anime references like Mario and Metal Gear Solid and much more.Now get this, right, you play as a games console who is actually a cute anime girl going around killing tetris blocks, space invaders and pacman ghosts.Sounds pretty cool eh?Who doesn't want to play the Neps?It's got any character type to suit your need, you'll fine someone at least, like them tsunderes? no worries, yanderes? got ya covered, danderes? Yeah sure thing.Would you Nep a Nep-Nep's Neppers?Blanc is best girl, Best CPU."
,Recommended,282900,27571621,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kuroneko (黒猫),"One of the Best Games Ever, Nep! (>ω<)"
,Recommended,282900,14235843,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Cirno,"Greatest game in history the story lines has a plot twist to do it as one helps Neptune restore her memory and become ruler of her nation , Meeting new characters , Boob motion , helps the user know the story to save the world by unlocking Neptune's power , Great dungeon exporing , save points are great to save at the last dungeon and to resume where you left off , Fun rpg and tactic planning. You get the game its so enjoyable."
76561198157344446,Recommended,282900,31064930,Posted: 10 April,all,₽Я○§ΦΦ7( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"10/10 , would step on my enemies with Iris Heart again ..."
,Recommended,282900,14415077,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Famitsu,Simply Outstanding!!!!!~~~~11/10 :COMPA:
,Recommended,282900,14397934,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ultimate Prosthesis,One of the better rpgs ive played in a while
,Recommended,282900,14359911,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Twintail,If you like pudding... buy this game!!!!
,Recommended,282900,14407290,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,The Telliest Tubby,"i got this game the day after it arrived on steam, it is pretty good, I have all the dlc favourite one so far is plutia because SHE USES A STUFFED CAT AS A WEAPON, nuff said."
76561198084588203,Recommended,282900,14363399,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,♥ thebucketlord  ♥,"This game has everything u need in a jrpg boobs, jiggly boobs, perverted scenes, Cute girls, petite girls, more girls , references to games, lots of nep more cute girls oh and the combat is pretty awesome also there are cute girls!"
,Recommended,282900,14398733,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,『Murasaki Kirei~♥』,Next Game will be an Insta-Buy
76561198063785184,Recommended,282900,14396428,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ScoobyDriver,so good i spent the entire weekend playing this while inhaling dr pepper and pudding.Nep/Nep
,Recommended,282900,19271209,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,how do i quickscope,its pretty dank
,Recommended,282900,19275546,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,AyyLmoa,💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯  💯 💯 💯 💯 💯v v 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯  💯v v  100
76561198038136361,Recommended,282900,14246244,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dragonlancer,I mean wow i like this game i am very amazed. at the over hual they did for this game.I just bought the origenal for the ps3 a day ago. i played a few times but i really disapoint in some ofthe stuff that was in it. But still over all a very good game. I hope the bring the 2nd and 3rd game outon steam. Steam Great job. thanks for the game.
,Recommended,282900,14246971,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Artum,"I've played over a hour of this and so far it seems pretty fun. The only proble I seem to get is that whenever I finish a battle the game crashes. I'm not sure if others are getting the same problem to but overall the games awesome and I can't wait to see the rest (when it stops crashing).For anyone who likes anime, funny moments or just wants something new, this game is for you."
,Recommended,282900,14247041,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Squid Girl,"Love sitting back and watching idiots fight about consoles online, or you are one of those idiots? Well, now you can become the console itself in all its 3D bouncy breasted glory, and fight against those who wish to pirate videogames in a true console war. Lots of references and in-jokes here, so if you are not a heavy gamer, many things will be lost on you. If you played the original on the PS3, this one is a heavily redone remake, and is essentially a whole new game. Just get it and play, you will sure get quite a few good laughs with this game.TL:DR - It's game consoles with boobs. What more can you ask for."
76561198108499654,Recommended,282900,14263508,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Keksiik,Buy this game or Nep-Nep will cut you!
76561198041078743,Recommended,282900,14236341,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,unitwalker,-Platinumed all 3 games on ps3.-Platinumed rebirth 1 and 2 on vita- now  gonna get all achievements on pc10/10 i would do it again
,Recommended,282900,14236373,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Nirvash,"PS Vita cost $199, and the Game cost $29.99 total : $228.99,  while on steam they only cost $9. good job gaben for bringing this wonderful game to us  ! gaben/10"
,Recommended,282900,14243327,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Nyusus,"Movie parts doesn't work with fullscreen (hope they fix that quickly), but the rest of the game is very good."
,Recommended,282900,14235069,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,FunLightDog,"I love NeptuniaFunny Lovely storyNeptunia , mk2 ,vi love all  ^+++^"
,Recommended,282900,14240161,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Karbonez,10/10 solid game.MAde me lol
,Recommended,282900,14245842,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,H a n n i b a l,Sugoiiiiii this is how a JRPG has to be.if you want to play a good rpg with good gameplay mechanics you are doing absolutly nothing wrong.but..THIS GAME HAVE SO NICE KAWAIIMECHANICS INCLUDING WIGGLING BOOBS!!! MUST BUY!!!This review was written by a lonely otaku who watches animes and plays all day long.10/10 would otaku again
,Recommended,282900,14862038,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Cosmos™,"best game ever, with a combination of Lolis, big♥♥♥♥♥♥ tsundere, yandere and all the terms u know in anime this is marvelous.10/10 would play"
,Recommended,282900,15696916,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,『iRyuusuke』,like it
,Recommended,282900,14236408,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Goldragon,Feels like Phantasy Star Online for the Gamecube but turn based. I am having fun with this one. The refrences to all of the things are hilarious.
,Recommended,282900,14242393,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rikimtasu ZMC,10/10 would nepu agian
,Recommended,282900,14564975,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ReignDarkness,"Hello and welcome to my review of Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1, first off I'm gunna put out that this review may include some spoilers so if you're not into that, then you might wanna look else where.After completeing this game several times, unlocked every dungeon, collected every Achievement, Top Processor Units, Characters, DLC, Colisium, Best Defense and Offensive Equipment for every Character, All Characters at top level (999) and Defeating the most toughest of battles the game has to offer. I can come to the conclusion that just like it's predecessors it's very, very good. I enjoyed every moment in the game with some minor setbacks that could be overlooked but I will get to that later.First off the game is basically a remake of the First game released on PS3 known as Hyperdimension Neptunia with some minor changes so that the game can be tied together with the others known as MK2 and Victory. The game takes place in Gamindustri during the console war between Goddess which are personifications of the earlier game consoles.*CPU Black Heart of Lastation, the Land Of Black Regality = Playstation 3*CPU White Heart of Lowee, The land of White Serenity  = Wii*CPU Green Heart of Leanbox, the land of Green Pastures = Xbox 360*CPU Purple Heart of Planetune, the land of Purple Progress = Based on the canceled Sega system, Sega NeptuneThe Goddess come to the conclussion they can't win and the fight comes to a stand still, they believe if they axe someone off somehow that'll end thier problems of power or something? Anyway they choose Neptune and so gang up on her, after defeating her she is exiled from Celestia and thrown to the world below... why they didn't just finish her off and kill her I don't know but we wouldn't have a game if that happened would we? Neptune falls to the world below and and crashes hard, causing her to lose her memory. She is found by Compa a nurse in training who takes her home and patches her wounds in a CG scene. Just like in the previous games they like to give the players abit of fan service now and then just to spice things up and make sure you're still paying attention. With Compa and other friends and CPU's across the land they must unite and say the Tome Of the World called Histoire from the Evil Clutches of the Ex Goddess Arfoire, who plans to copy or even steal the goddess power to become all powerful and destroy Gaminidustry... so your generic evil Villian.The game used to be for PS Vita so you couldn't play it unless you had a Vita, so I'm overjoyed that they brought over to the PC. I bought it for a discount of £11 and wouldn't work, it crashed over and over again at the startup before the intro movie. Then if you somehow got it to work it would crash after a fight during the results. 5 days later a patch was introduced so it should be fine now, but I got it working from messing with a few startup folders around the 3rd day. This left the game at a very bad first impression.Now I'm going to spilt stuff up into Catergoreys and give my opinion on them respectively.Voice----------I played the game throughout on English, I like the voice actresses in this game and grown too attached to them. The Japanese are fine and dare say better but I still stuck with English. For the first 30 mins the characters voices are down right bad! They were horrible, they had no emotion, most of the insults and things said were no where as good as the original and felt like they were just reading off a script. After a while you get used to it and even gets better. In this game Compa sounds very cute and even more funnier then before. however I can not Look over CPU Black Hearts voice in this game, I personally Hate It. It's just seems too regal, and snobby and out of place from the normal form Noire and what she used to sound like that I just end up hating it. To think the most popular character in the game would have such a downgrade is abit of a stumble into the lion enclosure but still. If you don't like ""Moe"" or ""adorable"" voices then you will hate the voices in this game as they can come off as annoying.An annoying thing in this game to note is that not every scene has voices, important ones do and then the rest are just text... ok I can dig it, not every bit of dialouge has to be read to me. But sometimes I noticed 3 times that characters will say something else what the text said and sometimes nothing happens at all. for example ""...."" For english the audio makes a weird sound like it's turning somethign on and off again, but in the japanese voices they actually say something. It sometimes comes off as annoying and even lazy on the english part.Side Characters/ NPCs-------------------------Unlike the previous games where they were just silouutes, in this game not only do they have a voice but also a portraint to give a face to a voice. Which is a nice addition if it wern't for the fact 80% of the voices are borderline had and sound thrown in. The only good ones of the top of my head are Ganache and Yvoire. The portraints are really dazzling but are a nice addition. The big brother and younger brother voices as well as thier character are just BAD! I hope I never see or hear them again, they were annoying, stupid, one sided and not funny in the slightest. They added nothing to the game just irratation for the player and other characters.Main Characters----------------------Every character that is playable is very memerable and all have thier own unique personalty... kinda. In this game pertaining to Neptune she isn't as good as she used to be. Her obsession for pudding in this game is just pathetic to try get a cheap laugh but comes off as uncomfortable and annoying. She may be the Main Character but she doesn't have to be our main character. Noire also seems abit downgraded from previous games, she acts more like a child and trys to come off as more cute in this one but sacrifices her usual Tsundere nature which made her likeable in the first place. That god her voice actress is the same and didn't do away like her transformed form. The awesome part about this game is that all the Human Characters are based on certain games and companys involved.*IF = Idea Factory*Compa = Compile Heart*Tekken = ....Tekken*CyberConnect2 = Take a guessect, ectIt's nice little addition to the game which I like.The only issue I have in this game is where's Red and Cave? They were in the previous game but not this one? I beleive they'll be in Re;Birth2 but still seems odd.A nice addition and also a connection to the next game is that you have the chance at the end of the game to get the CPU Candidates.*Uni = PSP*Nepgear = another cancelled device.*Rom & Ram = based on the blue and pink Nintendo DSGameplay------------Most of the stages, music and the actual fighting system is taken from Victory, but then again if it's not broken don't change it and Victory was perfect. MK2 was horrible but Victory brought it make and made it so much better. Basically you attack an enemy with either Rush attacks that build EXE to use finishing moves that do a ton of damage, Power which is your main damage dealer and Break which as it says, it breaks enemies guard so you can inflict even more damage. You can move your characters anywhere on the battlefield and strike them from any angel provided they are in range, best action is to swarm from all angels and break guard then power attack to death then use EXE when optional. I noticed in game you can use Plans which unlock alot of options which this addition I loved, you can use plans to permataly always break the damage limiter, build EXE faster making you abandon the break then power attack to using rush nonstop then EXE when optional.If I could I would go more in depth but I'm running out of room, All in all this game is fantastic but not without faults, and I love it. 8/10 Victory was better but this is not bad."
,Recommended,282900,14862344,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,expl0iter_roblox,This gmae is super sugoi desu and it deserves a wow/10.Ore Wa O Chin Chin Ga Daisuki Da Yo!
,Recommended,282900,14309692,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Greyrat,"im waiting for next game hyperdimention neptune in steam again.i like the story, its difference than the anime.i hope the next game will release on steam again."
,Recommended,282900,14335002,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Dna423 - Rising Up,Very fun game.A lot of grinding involved but the combat is fun so I didn't mind it.By the time I reached the last boss I was level 60 and had to grind to 80 to even stand a chance against it.
,Recommended,282900,16008149,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sycarus,"Nice one, battle system is good, straight but fun"
76561198084152839,Recommended,282900,16646136,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,paigeweaver,ive only played a little at  the time of this reveiw but they did a couple things that make it a win one with in an hour there is fanservice so win and two they reference soul caliber so they win.
,Recommended,282900,18383338,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,LizaTheLizard,good gaem.
,Recommended,282900,15346540,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,grapevine,"Step 1: Buy this gameStep 2: Whenever Compa says ""Desu"" take a shot of vodkaStep 3: Die of Alcohol poisoning11/10 would buy again"
76561198084341247,Recommended,282900,16464581,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RadiantDarkBlaze,"This game is pretty fun, but it desperately needs an auto-save feature of some sort. I accidentally challenged an optional monster I didn't mean to, continually attempted to escape (to no avail because it apparentally didn't occur to the developers that if the player is trying to escape they want to actually escape a powerful enemy and not be a friggin' sitting duck around the enemy that they're already more than scared enough of), met a game over screen after about 3 of the enemy's turns. The party size is 3. Lost well over an hour of progress (possibly close to _two_ hours of progress) because I'm one of those people that only save right at the save points that indicate a story boss up ahead. I definitely do have to recommend the game to others (despite that I'm in rage quit mode right now...) because I was definitely having fun. Just... make sure to save often 'cause the game  won't  do it for ya.... >.< ;; (This game   _needs_   something to prevent people from losing progress due to a game over screen).TL;DR: NEEDS either some form of auto-save or at the very least an escape feature that actually works. If you are going to play this game,   _save at every opportunity you get,_   you never know what could cause you to see a game over screen and thus lose progress. On all other counts I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,282900,18246509,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Pandan,waifusrpgsomewhat entertainingcombat is funstory is kinda cutememeswaifusthe choice is clear
,Recommended,282900,14318392,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kali,"Excellent game for discerning consumers. HD 60FPS Neps, don't know what much more you can ask for."
,Recommended,282900,15281028,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,死 [dev],"No regrets...no regrets...yolo bought that and it's fun as hell. kawaii lvl is just over the top. grinding too. no regrets.2,147,483,647/10 would play. (get it? GET IT?)"
,Recommended,282900,24072856,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mecha King Kong,Longer cutscenes than Metal Gear Solid.
76561198205314052,Recommended,282900,15778129,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Tuan,Great Game..... but lost all my saved data x.x
,Recommended,282900,15774876,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,_________,Compa's cake is never a lie :^)
76561198091409846,Recommended,282900,14268392,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Milivum,"One of the best anime games I have ever played! The soundtrack is awsome and you never get tired of it, sadly it crashes from time to time but it has just come out so some bugs is to be expected, and they are working to fix all problems. But I real enjoy the game and it is worth getting."
,Recommended,282900,27689387,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Phasair,"Get this game on sale. At 75% off it's 7 euros, and it's easily worth it for a damn good RPG that could easily last you 40-50 hours. If you like anime. If you don't.... re-evaluate your life, because you're missing out on this game."
76561198014657693,Recommended,282900,14690970,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,挑戦者,god tier. 10/10
,Recommended,282900,15269859,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Almost stickless Gorile,Content
,Recommended,282900,17200670,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Typewriter,"Music's not really good, gameplay is pretty good. Also, 9/10 need more puddingsOnce you go nepu nepu, there's no turning backu backu"
,Recommended,282900,17225508,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Grimm,10/10would make nep-nep a yuri harem again
76561198066890739,Recommended,282900,17227884,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jay 666,If you buy this game... get ready to grind. A LOT.
,Recommended,282900,16457113,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kurisu-chan,Waifu Collecting SimulatorYou start off with only 2 waifus.Level up your waifusMeet new waifus.Collect new waifus.And with DLC two incredibly over powered waifus are added.Waifu/10
,Recommended,282900,28544731,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Squid,How many Neps does it take to Nep a Nep Nep?
76561198116239421,Recommended,282900,14296024,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kazey,11/10 - would dissapoint my parents again
,Recommended,282900,14290866,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,MotS,"It's cute, the port is good enough for a first try and the resolution has already been fixed by the communits. I really can't complain about it, especially since it's only 15 burgers."
76561198067663395,Recommended,282900,25164736,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,E=Mc+redbull,Good old times..
,Recommended,282900,27161916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hajimete no Gal-``-,AWESOME AS ♥♥♥♥ !
76561198047097858,Recommended,282900,16779100,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Yui Memeasawa,Breaks the 4th wall more than Deadpool ever did and also evertime Compa speaks a puppy is born.10/10 Would beat you uppy again.
,Recommended,282900,23883579,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,~ ☆ ξ l ι z α ☆ ~,Would you nep-nep a nepper's nep nep's nep??
,Recommended,282900,24051031,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,.anne,"10/10 Good JRPG,and nep nep is really good nep XD"
,Recommended,282900,16427362,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Food BRAAAAAAAAAP,"This hentai features an advanced physics engine which simulates the incredible motion of bouncing pixel-boobs. This engine was produced with input from I, Johnny Sins. The yuri scenes are too extreme for babestation and needed to be ported to Gabe Newell's television for his personal ""use"".100/100 MetacriticSo much loli it almost gave me diabetes."
76561197987083150,Recommended,282900,35088167,Posted: 20 September,all,ChibiNyan,Pros :-NepAdding anything else would be a waste of time.
76561198117702049,Recommended,282900,30847160,Posted: 30 March,all,Flameanzer,"No mum I don't own this game, it must be a glitch."
,Recommended,282900,16458573,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Theu,"Underaged pre-pubecesnt girls transform into big ♥♥♥♥♥♥d♥♥♥♥♥♥♥demons that want to control land for their country, but then one gets amnesia and forgets how to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥demon and befriends them to fight a worthy opponent that looks like one of the elfs from my japanese hentais.10/10"
,Not Recommended,282900,29510601,Posted: 26 January,all,GORE,kill me
,Recommended,282900,14391293,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Larania,"""IT"" Bounces.. Gaah!!11/10"
,Recommended,282900,18890736,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,エヴァンジェリン・a・k・マクダウェル,Play this for nep nep :D10/10
,Recommended,282900,22171010,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,dap,"nepu-nepu~No seriously this is a really fun game. It has the old RPG feel with really good graphics and really nice... girls. There is a tiny bit of fan service, but I really doubt that'll be a worry ;)One warning though, the girls in this game have really high pitched voices, so if you don't like to hear that, yea, that might be a bit problem.The story is really funny, and there is a lot of 4th wall breaking and a lot of relatable phrases used. You'll be having a ball with the story, however, the story only occurs after every event, which means after about 3 hours of grinding. However, it's definitely worth it.I would definitely recommend to buy it though!"
76561198065523566,Recommended,282900,23720598,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jew C. Baconator,"Nep Nep is love, Nep Nep is lifeNep/Nep would Nep again"
,Recommended,282900,14613736,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Machi,"Missed a midterm so I could watch a bunch of girls save the world together using the power of friendship, teamwork, and boobs.10/10"
,Recommended,282900,24919122,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,PappuFrosty,"Controls are queer, get a controller. Tons of moe to bust one to have fun"
,Recommended,282900,19983137,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nightpain,VIdeo games the video game
76561198304326812,Recommended,282900,23008162,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,tobose.diazm,"Hi i payed 30 dollars for the game plus the DLCS and when i installed it , it's not leeting play the game.. saying the .exe has stopped working or the cg.dll file is missing"
,Recommended,282900,22231989,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nepperoni,We need more nepNep's PuddingAll the Pudding
,Recommended,282900,20372484,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,fumador,Purupuru pururin pururinPurupuru pururin purupururinPurupuru pururin pururinonna no ko wa   fushigi na koto nikeetai dake ja   ikite mekenaiMune ippai no    ai to yuuki ga taisetsu na no yoatashi pururin purupururinpururin purupururinrinrin purupurupururin pururumashumaro mitai nihon waka deuruurushichauyume to kibou no   yume to kibou nomahou shoujyosore ga atashi nano yoPurupuru pururin pururinPurupuru pururin purupururinPurupuru pururin pururinonna no ko wa   fushigi na koto nimeeru dake ja   manzoku dekinairusuroku ippai   anata no koe detokimeki ga hoshii noatashi pururin purupururinpururin purupururinrinrin purupurupururin pururumahou no chikara wahora soko niureshiku na chauyume wa kibou ni   kibou wa yume nimahou shoujyohonto wa anata kamo nemashumaro mitai nihon waka deuruurushichauyume to kibou no   yume to kibou nomahou shoujyosore ga atashi nano yoPurupuru pururin pururinPurupuru pururin purupururinPurupuru pururin pururinPurupuru pururin pururinPurupuru pururin purupururinPurupuru pururin pururin
76561198142443578,Recommended,282900,20167365,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MegacrashREX,"The game as a whole is pretty good for an RPG, The characters are interesting also each character combat wise is unique and has their own uses, the story is simple yet deep. No real complaints either, other than some battles in the core games down right requireing the DLC, But other than that the games pretty good"
,Recommended,282900,20027236,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Raxxol,"Totally an awesome game..To be honest I kinda fell in love with Nep-Nep before she loses her memory :3The game is so Kawaii and very interesting. Its a little hard to figure out the controls of this game cause it doesnt show the Keyboard controls, it only shows the Controller controls, but you'll get a hang of it when you play this game very often."
76561198061089827,Recommended,282900,21198308,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jin With No Counter,"Cute and fun game, recommended . wew"
,Recommended,282900,16060229,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,xX_BMW-20Xx,Nep-Nep will nep you up
,Recommended,282900,17867483,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Blazesoda,very anime kind of game
,Recommended,282900,19422477,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Alessio Scarlet,Neptune is cute but you you can't see under her skirtCompa is autisticIffy best character9/10
76561198269339348,Recommended,282900,31162669,Posted: 15 April,all,Yuudachi,have a hard time choosing your waifu??or fighting over the best waifu with someone??why botherwhen you can choose all of it ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,282900,31169971,Posted: 15 April,all,Zealth,NEP NEP NEP!!!! <333333
,Recommended,282900,14327816,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Syntaku,"I love you, Compa :3 Seriously though this game is an awesome jrpg. The only problem I have with it is some of the music and Neptunes voice... Her voice is so bleh..."
,Recommended,282900,31249810,Posted: 19 April,all,Captain Watanabe,"Im simple man, i see cute girls, i buy"
,Recommended,282900,31116978,Posted: 13 April,all,Hackvize,Nepu Nepu ~ <3
,Recommended,282900,18925880,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Kora Lionheart,"When I first started this game I thought ""this is going to be one of those weird Anime games...""30 Hours in, I am officially in love with this game, I now have all the DLC and every game in the seriesBest weird Anime Game 10/10"
76561198222449512,Recommended,282900,30912086,Posted: 2 April,all,m0chi,I guess this game was good.
,Recommended,282900,16115608,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Chomusuke,good games
,Recommended,282900,27385355,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deaddonnel,Do you want neps? come here.Like pop culture jokes and 4th wall breaks? come here.Like anime grills? Come here.Basically: Come Here.
,Recommended,282900,21103559,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,{-}7 Jed {-}7,Cute girls fighting in skimpy outfitsand i'm 85% gay
,Recommended,282900,31345350,Posted: 24 April,all,Riexy,Nepu Nepu <3
76561198274252948,Recommended,282900,31562175,Posted: 5 May,all,TillerTheKiller,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,282900,31551366,Posted: 4 May,all,Sillycon,It's good
,Recommended,282900,31501941,Posted: 2 May,all,✪ Nep-Nep,Kangaroo No You ni! Boiing!
76561198073642522,Recommended,282900,20549592,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Clawmaster,This game gave me a pudding addiction.
,Recommended,282900,31359397,Posted: 25 April,all,Archimawan,My best friend told me this game.Now my whole life is ruined.#hisfault
,Recommended,282900,24254713,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kari,Console power measured by boob size.10/10 should be a real thing. (Murica would take it)I love fan service :^)
,Recommended,282900,24642504,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,uuuh huh,no regrets !
76561197985267228,Recommended,282900,15412827,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ScaryDoor,"I at one point found myself doing a job as a hitman for the turtle mafia.10/10Noire's English VA is the most annoying thing ever, though."
76561198301986244,Recommended,282900,22775483,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,KATZ,Nep Nep MOE DESU...
,Recommended,282900,25687357,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ラビット,... My girlfriend pressured me to buy this game... I swear...
76561198068153636,Recommended,282900,22210983,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,FullMetalJackass(FMJ),I did it for the BOOBZ
,Recommended,282900,22879728,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,tubol,"This game pretty much taught me to never underestimate cute little Monster-sans.Thank you, Crazy Buff Shampuru."
,Recommended,282900,29437176,Posted: 22 January,all,DemetreNike,"Many people play this for the fanservice, I played it for the story.The story is solid.9/10"
,Recommended,282900,29427572,Posted: 22 January,all,Clear Sky,sexy game
,Recommended,282900,23331666,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Proot,nep/nep would nep again
76561198199966182,Recommended,282900,27650038,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chiaki,Damn too cool
,Recommended,282900,20171687,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sawnicbewm,Noire best Nep.
,Recommended,282900,24154759,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Gerack,"The story is pretty standard, and the gameplay is solid, with a nice difficulty curve. However, the strong point of the game is the humor. If you think you'd like some cute/silly jokes and a ton of references to the video game industry, you'll probably enjoy this game. There's also quite a bit of fan service, but it's not excesive."
,Recommended,282900,20482938,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ღ Makise Kurisu ღ GLM#004,best game for otakus but i have a problem i cant start this game for 2 weeks alr and i haven played it for even awhile so i hope this problem can be solve
,Recommended,282900,14348050,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,K I L N K,"Shoot, this game is actually FUN? How am I going to explain to my family my terrible life choices now?"
76561198054416266,Recommended,282900,22915466,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,flyingmetalbug,"i hate pudding! but after playing this, not anymore!"
,Recommended,282900,22950692,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Crow,Top nep.
,Recommended,282900,22308424,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Jimmy P,better than final ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry vii
,Recommended,282900,16110510,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Schierke,like Skyrim with lolis 11/10 -IGN
,Recommended,282900,30951327,Posted: 4 April,all,Nyx,Hell yes. NEP NEP NEP NEP NEP
,Recommended,282900,24171497,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,モンデー・チューチュ,10/10 would nep again
,Recommended,282900,24639174,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,French Bastard,I Dont have anything to say :D
,Recommended,282900,24662412,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Vaver,I feel like the IF x Vert ship is incredibly underrated.
,Recommended,282900,31780054,Posted: 15 May,all,Okita-san daishouri~!,What a time to be alive
76561198073097752,Recommended,282900,17546118,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,FangTR,"Pleasantly suprised at how entertaining the game was. Lots of 4th wall breaking humor as well as fun references to other games and characters. Quite a few jokes may not be understood without some basic knowledge of Japanese (gaming/otaku?) culture, but I assume you would at least know a little bit of such if you was considering this game in the first place. I used the Japanese dialogue, partially from personal preference on how it sounded and partially based on the fact that some humor is lost in translation. I don't speak Japanese, but some of the dialogue in the game makes way more sense if you understand a little bit of how Japanese works or anime speech archtypes.Winning REQUIRES at least some grinding, but it's not too bad. Combat can get a little repeatative, but has enough progression that it's also not too bad. Keyboard controls are annoying; bearable, but I would definitely recommand a controller. I didn't like how the story progression would bounce the people in your merry band of adventurers around (except main 3), so you'll have a bunch of people rotating in and out as usable characters for most of the game (don't give them things, or remember to take items back before they disappear for ~2 chapters). Then towards the end you just get everybody (many of which are weak/underleved/worthless and a few random pretty unneeded characters), resulting in way more people than your 3 person party will ever use.Overall though, I really enjoyed the game. Would definitely recommend if you're into anime style humor and jrpgs."
76561198057465226,Recommended,282900,25169173,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ashie,Breast game ever!
76561198074386354,Recommended,282900,15253453,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Light Elementa,Pros:CompaEveryone elseCons:...pudding/10 would compile again
,Recommended,282900,30912122,Posted: 2 April,all,teno hecka banseye,The breast jiggle in the cutscenes is good.Edit: how do i beat noire
76561198093782765,Recommended,282900,20318772,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Alina,"If you're an Otaku and or you like moe girls and fan service then you'll like this game. It's not really a good RPG though and doesn't do anything that new or interesting in terms of story, characters and gameplay.At least it understands its audience. Recommended for otaku.disclaimer, am not otaku"
,Recommended,282900,14829435,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,🔰SkacikPL🗾,So sweet it gave me diabetes.
,Recommended,282900,20774409,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,◭ MERCY 自殺± ◭,kawaii gameplay and dialogue that will make you go full nep within a day
76561198145481460,Recommended,282900,16515661,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[Youkoso].Suzune Horikita,10/10The anime was great too and hope that they will made the Ss2 for this anime
,Recommended,282900,20022466,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,modernaaandi,"i used to be an normal men like you, then i meet Nep and took an eegplant to the knee...(also pudding too) :oonce Nep got you, there's no turning back..."
,Recommended,282900,21285479,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Bookworm52©®™,i havent played enough
76561198147174807,Recommended,282900,21031385,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jeff,Fun more nep
,Recommended,282900,19807191,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Sherlock Hound,Waifu Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,282900,20384566,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sour Lemonade,Who wouldn't an anime?I did.
,Recommended,282900,15332365,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Magrock,"This. Game. So amazing, best jRPG I have played in years and years. Lots of waifu material, great combat and a amusing story/concept and them special attacks are more than awesome. 10/10 go buy"
76561197980241343,Recommended,282900,19623042,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,282900,24404322,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Noob Titor,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉWhat? It's true. My body doesn't change because played this game.I just enjoy the storyline, JRPG style gameplay, and a lot of cute girl with various boobs.Overall, 9/10 for this stuff.All hail Noire-chan!"
,Recommended,282900,23328863,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Cap. Flop,One does not simply love NepNep
,Recommended,282900,15288440,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Yakumo,"my hands is getting tired, i think my hands levels up more than my characters....."
,Recommended,282900,14334910,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kinzo きんぞ,"Neptunia is one of my favorite franchises of all time. It's a great JRPG with great characters.The gameplay is simple, you go in dungeons and fight monsters. You have 3 party members up front to fight these monsters with plenty of amazing skills up their sleeves. You can even have 3 party members in the back to switch between in case the ones in front are in danger.• There are 8 chapters.• 2 possible endings.• 16 different party members. Plus 3 DLC characters.• 39 different dungeons to explore.• New Game+, of course.• A Remake System that changes certain aspects of the game, such as what items you can buy in the store, what enemies appear in dungeons, how strong  the enemies are, etc.• A level cap of 99. With DLC, level cap is 999.• 1 Nep Pudding.10/10 Best JRPG I've ever played."
,Recommended,282900,14239224,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Дlex,Nep pudding nep-nep?
76561197984486701,Recommended,282900,14252144,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,CoffeeStack,"This game is awesome, but not if you like to take things seriously."
76561198059797075,Recommended,282900,14254522,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,SaKamoto,Nep-nep´s here ♥♥♥♥♥es!Combat system´s as great as Green´s breasts
,Recommended,282900,14272157,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AliceTheGorgon,"The Hyperdimension Neptunia remake, now on PC.Controls seem pretty much fine.Resolution max is officially 1600x900 at the moment, but someone on the discussion forums has supplied a fix. The fix even allows for rendering at super-high resolutions, and then downscaling to your native monitor res, if you want fewer jaggies.UI textures are a little low res for a modern monitor, but it's not a huge issue.Framerate is absolutely fine from what I've seen, buttery smooth.Sadly, a bit too much ""fanservice"" for my tastes, but a relatively amusing romp nonetheless. It's got a decent combat system, and quite a few visual character customization options. Additionally you can also change which character is the leader, which is nice.Of course, the aesthetic is not exactly a widely appreciated one, so if you don't like the screenshots it's probably not worth getting the game. It's fun, but not super revolutionary or anything.Sadly, you can't get Arfoire/Magiquone to join your team. How unfortunate."
76561198090576459,Recommended,282900,14272518,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,cole sippel,FANTASTIC GAME BUY IT NOW!!!!!
76561198060351220,Recommended,282900,14277835,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ς๏ภςгเ๏ гย๒єɭ,accidentally bought this.I am not disappointed.
,Recommended,282900,14294210,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Rizza,This is the best thing I ever buy on steam so far for something unknown.I only know the title exist on console and there is an anime about it.Usually I skip any conversation but for this game it's a story and entertainment for it self.Good acting and comedy.Good Simple RPG game play.There seams A bit problem with the DLC but it resolve quite fast.
,Recommended,282900,14337549,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,MayukaProject,+Nep-nep at 60 fps+Loli+Pantsu+Cute voices
,Recommended,282900,14338274,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,MiNDbreak,"Nice game.Don't need to grind if you dont want to; finished the game without any grinding that you see in other rpg. I don't think its worth the $30 when it goes off sale.(special thanks to Uni, best candidate)"
76561198005915523,Recommended,282900,14343936,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,akingdrake,I've really enjoyed this so far.  It's cute and funny.(The amount of time I've played exceeds what is displayed here.)
,Recommended,282900,14347011,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,FalkonLink,This game is absolutely amazing! :P I can't wait for the second one to show up on Steam!
,Recommended,282900,14351422,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,╬prinzE ツ,+Best anime game in Steam (IMO)+Great JRPG experience+Great visual novel and story+Pururut is love. Pururut is life10/10 Worth It!
,Recommended,282900,14376296,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mega Negbert,Re;Birth2 when?
,Recommended,282900,14384067,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Bio,"I came to this game expecting it to be terrible. I certainly did not expect to really, actually enjoy it... and yet I do. Funny dialouge, a great battle system with fun mechanics, a good cast of characters.."
,Recommended,282900,14403175,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Efisiensi,4th wall has been stomped to dust....10/10 would play the sequel12/10 if it comes with a discount
76561198016042084,Recommended,282900,14404790,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,๖ۣۜMR.Ɖesuloki,"A decent RPG with a bit of indept mechanics, along with the cheerfully silly protagonist and anime pun you going enjoy the story as you progress~"
76561198010629445,Recommended,282900,14407130,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,andy,"at first glance through introduction scenes my thoughts were ""ohhh boy I got to lock doors ASAP . If someone will see me playing this ... ohh my"" , but after you get to combat and ignore embarising jump sounds ""boin"", ""jump"", ""kheehee"" I noticed that game is quite fun to play. Character dialougues may get booring to read , but atleast it has a good sense of humour. Just to give heads up - not every cutscene is voice dubbed, so prepare to reffresh your reading skills.Combat - well thats the state of art - fun to make combos, to build execution gauges, apply buffs/debuffs and then to swoop down nearly full health boss in just one turn. I should probably mention that oponents often have quite a lot reduced pixels and they will appear in several dungeons with different name and colour.... I suppose female protagonist ""bossoms"" take awfully a lot of pc/console resources, leaving limmited options for bad guys ... ?Boses are challenging and rewarding to defeat, crafting system is all centered on acquiring plans from npc and dungeons and gathering approporiate resources ..... yes that means you will spend few hours in google writting: ""Where can I find item X ?"" .In summary I would recommend this game only if you are prepared to play it while noone else is around. While it does have plenty of shortcommings, it is amazingly fun to play..... may in fact induce nostalgia about good`ol day games, dont get me wrong here... Im not saying this game is on a level of 16-bit games, it is simply brillianty complex ... if that makes sense to you."
,Recommended,282900,14447521,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SPiCa39,Please Giff Re;Birth2 ASAP
,Recommended,282900,14447752,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Microsoft Azure,"A pretty fun JRPG with some personality. It has a lot of self reflecting humor in regard to video games/anime in general. The combat is pretty easy to learn, but hard to ""master"". However, fair warning, be prepared to grind. A lot. Like pretty much any of the more stereotypical JRPGS there is heavy emphasis on leveling. Most elements of the story you cannot go directly between without grinding up a few levels first, or you will get stomped by the bosses.In spite of this it has been enjoyable for me and I would recommend it."
,Recommended,282900,14454082,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,life alert,i highly recomand if you like jrpgs and or what to get in to a jrpg this is a good game to star with its got lost of play time with lots of things to keep you comeing back to with the game remake system it has with all the new dugeons and items oyu can add to the game
,Recommended,282900,14455257,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mikamii,thanks for fixing the crash problemnow i can enjoy playing the game :D
76561198068073089,Recommended,282900,14459460,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,bobbytegg,"Recomend!!For all anime lovers out there.Hilarious dialogue & story ( Surely you dont expect some fantastic story from game like this, right? )Cuties, Moe, Sexiness to the fullestNot so unique battle system but very satisfiedHighly looking for sequel! I'm waiting :D"
,Recommended,282900,14460786,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Gabbatron,"Boobies, Boobies and Boobiesalso anime girls with weapons.<3"
,Recommended,282900,14584935,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Aki,"As someone who owns the neptunia series for ps3, I bought rebirth for pc. It was definitly worth the money i spent. I truly love the neptunia series, it's filled with comedy, cute scene, and of course a nice storyline along with the fights. I plan on getting rebirth 2 where one of my top favorite character Nepgear is the lead. For everyone who loves anime and weirdness this is a game for you. If you are someone serious and don't like japanese things then turn away.1.) Worth the money!2.) Fun and Cute3.)10/10 recommend4.) 10/10 would buy again5.) WHERE'S REBIRTH 2 <3 :D"
,Recommended,282900,14604233,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Big Daddy Buddha,Generic JRPG combat with lol so randumb xD dialog and 4th wall breaking.and little girls if you're into that thing.
,Recommended,282900,14631460,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Artsauce,Did not expect this game to be this good. 10/10Edit: still gud :^)
,Recommended,282900,14672943,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,JerzKnight,Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 on PC version? 4 Goddess? Wonderful. Love the storyline and the graphics itself. I can't get enough of playing my favorite characters all day!! Buying all the DLC worth a lot especially the Fairy Fencer F Collaboration.-Full Japanese and English voice with English Sub-Ultimate Gameplay-4 Goddess and others based from real life console-Best Port for PC-Amazing GraphicsBest Anime and JRPG on Steam! Better than PSVita and PS3 Version.
,Recommended,282900,15061968,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Nightfield,"แนะนำอย่างยิ่งสำหรับ แฟนๆ ชีรีย์เกม Neptunia แต่ไม่มีพวกคอนโซลอย่าง PS3, PS Vita"
76561198054139764,Recommended,282900,15086364,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,dgordon,"This is an adorably cute game, not just in the graphics department (which are quite good) but also in the humor department. There's a surprising amount of depth in it. Gameplay elements appear to be a bit arbitrary at first but they come together coherently to make for engaging play. There's plenty of meta-dialogue (AKA ""breaking the fourth wall"") but once you get what the theme is about it makes perfect sense; the whole game is a meta-statement about the console industry.This game on the surface is pretty good. Below the surface, it's very good."
76561198079390003,Recommended,282900,15257042,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[Josh],Nepgear bestgirl 2015.11/10
76561198043825146,Recommended,282900,15259687,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,sanc.[TH],"Hanazawa Kana voices Plutia,APPROVED.Would nep nep again."
76561198134297908,Recommended,282900,15271201,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Hunter04,"Well, here it is.Turned in my normie card for this game.10/10 would would make innapropriate sounds for a man to make again"
76561198111645256,Recommended,282900,15317557,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,江戸川 シノブ,可愛い
,Recommended,282900,15331355,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Jay Cutta,If you're into games that involve anime then this is a must. Great story and great art also.
76561198052367879,Recommended,282900,15339407,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Dave,"I'm not going to go into a big review of all the features, since others have already done so, and in a better fashion than I probably would have. :-)  What I will say is that having never played a JRPG game before, I'm having a great time with this game.  I agree with other reviewer who say that there's a lot of grinding needed in order to get to a level where you can handle the harder monsters.  I explored a dungeon that I haven't been able to complete yet - having encountered a ""dangerous"" level creature (not even a boss), and repeatedly got my rear-end handed to me several times, even in transformed/Goddess mode. lol  Ok, live and learn - I'm going to have to spend some time  in the other dungeons building up strength and levels.  Fair enough.Maybe I'm weird, but I've actually enjoyed the English dub for the dialog, although there are places where all you get is text with no voiceover.  Another reviewer here said that if the Japanese language is is selected, those ""silent"" areas will have dialog.  I'll give that a try.  I don't find the lack of voiceover as annoying as some do, though.I love the puns, references to other games, and the fourth-wall breaking that goes on.  I find it very amusing. :-)One thing I will strongly suggest here:  USE A GAME PAD CONTROLLER. :-)  The game is playable with keyboard/mouse, but I found it to be extremely frustrating trying to do so (and I typically play all my games with keyboard and mouse).  This game is a port of a console game, and it really shows in the controller area.  Amazon has the Logitech F310 Gamepad available for $15 (as of this writing), so you don't need to spend a lot to get a good solid usable controller.  I purchased this controller specifically because of this game, and haven't regretted it for a minute.  And the nice thing is that I'll still have the controller should I ever encounter another game where a gamepad would be more convenient.All in all, I'm having a very enjoyable time with this game, even though I've just barely started it as of this writing.  I really hope that PC sales of this game are strong enough that they choose to bring the other Hyperdimension Neptunia games to the PC.  The trailer at NIS America for Hyperdimension Neptunia mk2 looks really good. :-)To sum it up:  As others have said here, if you like Anime and/or JRPGs and can be tolerant of the need for some grinding to get to a level where you can play parts of the game, I think you're going to like this.  I sure do. :-)"
76561198006645634,Recommended,282900,15392474,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,AlurianNighthawk,Love it
,Recommended,282900,15398155,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,~| Mare S.Ephemeral |~,"Great game, the story is amazing, references and humor everywhere and a s***load of moe.The game is a porting from PS Vita, but it's really well made, you can play using your keyboard with no problems.10/10Nepu~"
76561198099948605,Recommended,282900,15450956,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,.tewi,"10/10nose bleeds. i recommend this booboofest.....go and start your rapid click adventure (pro tip: click on everything, everything needs to die)"
76561198035652963,Recommended,282900,15452632,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Azthra,Very Fun Game. Full of unexpectedlly funny humor full of referance to various other games and constantly breaks the 4th wall.
,Recommended,282900,15457777,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,CMDR-Nightlock,"This game is realy good especialy for those who like RPG style games. It may be time consuming with all the leveling and such but once you get past that its the storyline, the characters, the music, the diolog, and the artwork that just grabs you and makes you want to play it more, especialy those who played the original series. So getting past my endless rambling this game deserves my 10/10."
76561198065912858,Recommended,282900,15501059,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Xivnag,I was surprised at how fun the game is. Just need to find more time to play it.
,Recommended,282900,15734459,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,CreeperEguy,This game is a grindy but the graphics and the story is pretty good.
,Recommended,282900,15910133,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,katamari do your best,"THIS GAME IS SUPER BOMB. SO BOMB YOU EXPLODE RIGHT AT THE MAIN MENU. YOUR DOKI DOKI THROB LIKE VOLTORB WAITING TO EXPLODE. IN A GOOD WAY.WHEN PLAYING THE GAME, YOU CAN HAVE THESE AS YOUR PARTY MEMBERS :AN AMNESIAC HALF LOLI GODDESSA LAWNMOWER NURSEA SUPER COOL ADULT WITH KNOWLEDGE BOMBS (lol)A TSUNDERE GODDESSA SUPER GAMER GODDESS FULL OF MEN'S DREAMS AND DESIRESANOTHER LOLI GODDESSAND IF YOU PLAY THROUGH THE STORY YOU CAN UNLOCK MORE GIRLS LIKE :A DRAGON SLAYERNEKOLOLI ON A BALLTHE REAL MC OF THE GAMEA MAGIC USER CHUUNIBYOUA WIND NINJAA KUNG FU MASOCHISTNOW IF YOU TRY YOUR SUPER BEST TO BE THE CHAMPION OF THIS BEST GAME EVER YOU CAN WORK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥TO UNLOCK :THE AMNESIAC HALF LOLI GODDESS' SISTERTHE TSUNDERE GODDESS' TSUNDERE SISTERTHE ANOTHER LOLI GODDESS' TWIN SISTERALSO, IF YOU'RE RICH ENOUGH TO ACTUALLY BUY THE DLC OF THIS GAME YOU GET :A SADIST HALF LOLI GODDESS FROM ANOTHER DIMENSIONA HYPERACTIVE SUPER LOLI FROM ANOTHER DIMENSIONA BOOKHONESTLY WHY AM I PLAYING THIS GAME ITS SO GOOD"
76561198061492201,Recommended,282900,14243177,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Serephitus,"A light hearted parody rpg of the console wars. Third copy of the game I've bought, the original on PS3, the remake on Vita, and remake ported to PC. I just love Tsunako's artwork, looking forward to more Compile Heart PC releases."
,Recommended,282900,14254273,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Vert,"after play a bit, this game is recommended for u that like cuteRPG Game....GET THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!! as curator say...Pros- 60 Fps Nep-Nep man u must get it- Nice Voice Quality, Good On Japanese and English [I Prefered Japanese]- Good Visual Style- U Can Hear chat voice again with chat replay- Easy for New RPG user- 1080p work smooth on fullscreen- Work Well on Keyboard or Controller- No bugs i found so farCons- Cursor still in screen on controller modeOverall it's good game 9/10 get it... (o_o)v i recommend it.."
,Recommended,282900,14311748,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,anyme waz a mystejk,11/10 pudinks will recomend this game and i am not expection. This game is awesome. It have awesome graphics good story and funny characters
,Recommended,282900,14316954,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,WTS>Life,>Played Neptunia>Got a nosebleedMoe/10
,Recommended,282900,14252043,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ricogl,playing nep-nep on 60fps and 720p the same week rebirth 2 launched <3Still hoping for that 1080p other than that this one is a solid port.
,Recommended,282900,14252728,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Minisungam,10/10 best jrpg on Steam
76561198005652149,Recommended,282900,14252811,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Billyy,Nepu Nepu desu~.
,Recommended,282900,14252970,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,PC Janitor Kyio,"I've never been so glad to forget to buy a Vita game. Still a little weirded out by it not being 1920x1080 but eh. 1600x900 is good enough. Now we just need Re;Birth2 ...10/10, fun as hell, would animu again."
76561198055124615,Recommended,282900,14253220,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Astrosurgeon,9/10 would nep nep the nep again
,Recommended,282900,14253654,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dj ZetsubouIIDX,This is one of the best Jrpgs Sony had back in the PS3 era. Now that it's on PC all fans can rejoice. Re; Birth is a remake of the original HDN game and after playing it for so long on here I can't beliueve how smooth this runs at 60 fps. The original HDN games were only around 30. Hopefully we will get more great games like maybe some Disgaea and possibly Mugen Souls. This game is fan tastic and if you don't mind the revealing outfits and not fully dubbed cutscenes then this is the game for you. 10/10 obviously because I own every one of these on Vita and PS3 lol.
,Recommended,282900,14255139,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Smoke Jaguar,"Less then two minutes in and someone has already been called ""Thunder♥♥♥♥♥♥"" 10/10 would recommend.In all seriousness though, the gameplay is good, the dialogue is generally well written, the voice acting is done well, the characters are endearing, the soundtrack is stunning,  and the story is interesting.On the flip-side however, the controls are a little clunky unless you have a controller, but they're not crippling. The characters' hair has a nasty tendancy to disappear when I enter a dungeon as well. But these are only minor annoyances that really don't take away from the overall enjoyability of the game.Pros-HUGE♥♥♥♥♥♥-Unusual world-Interesting story-Fun characters-Excellent soundtrack-Cringy punsCons-Awkward controls (keyboard only)-Missing hair-Cringy punsOverall a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,282900,14257415,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ぐだ子,buy it if you love moe
,Recommended,282900,14257529,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,hihi1210,"It is a game with nice art, decent combat system and animations. A well Visual Novel + JRPG game.Got addicted and can't wait to finish the story. The difficulty is ok for me.However , the game is not quite stable and may have random crashes. It maybe fixed in the future."
76561198128964974,Recommended,282900,14257814,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,metalkure2,"At first it was quite a turn off because so many bug. If anyone having the same problem, just changed game properties>compatibility to Windows XP (Service Pack 3). It work wonder for me, no more black screen whatsoever :)"
76561198075644201,Recommended,282900,14260620,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,xX_L00t_Xx,The consol wars now in anime style!
76561198005599258,Recommended,282900,14260651,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RIDE ZA LIGHTNING!!!,"I played the original on PS3, and as much as I wanted to enjoy it, the slow pacing of the game in general caused me to lose interest quite quickly. But, now that I can enjoy a remastered version on the master race's platform, let's see what we've got here.....PROS*Welp, the game certainly feels alot faster, and alot smoother. You'd probably think this isn't such a big deal being a turn based RPG. Trust me: It is. Anyone who played the orginial on PS3 will know what I speak of. All in all, the improvements and tweaks made here actually make the fighting feel fun rather than tedious.*At first I wasn't sure about the revamped hub map. I kinda liked the idea of the revolving planes in the original, and only being able to jump to one another when they're in close proximity. But given the game's emphasis on 'exploration', or lack thereof, I came to see how restrictive the old hub really was. Admittedly, the map styled hub made things alot more convenient for me. Sometimes functionality is better than innovation.CONS*Graphics options. You have full screen, and resolution. That's it. And even then, you can only push the resolution up to 1600 by 1800. This isn't such a big deal, as the game isn't that graphically demanding. But still, a lack of graphical settings in a PC game is bad-especially for lower end rigs where being unable to scale things down will really hurt them.*Dialogue. This is probably my biggest gripe. And it's not even about whether the original japanese audio is better than the english dub(I think both are as hammy as each other, arrest me for heresy). Rather, my issue is the completedness of each audio. In the english dub, more often than not will you encounter story segments that are left unvoiced compared to the original audio which covers the entirety of the game. I find this to be inexcusable. I mean, they brought the cast back to voice over the changes made to the story, so why not finish the dub? I don't think I'm the only one who wouldn't have minded paying an extra 10 bucks on the price if it meant having a complete dub.*There was one more feature they removed from this remake. In the original, you were able to upload images and sprites to use in actual in-game attacks. While it turned out to be mostly useless compared to other unlocked abilities, I'm just gonna say this: I WANT MUH TROLLFACE FIRE ATTACK!!!!!... But despite this, it's a game I'd recommend picking up while the 50% mark is on it. The gameplay feels more solid this time around, accompanied by a fun, if somewhat nonsensical story."
,Recommended,282900,14265674,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TRG Kai,"I've played Hyperdimension Neptunia on the original PS3 release, the PS Vita Re;Birth release, and now the PC version.  Each transition has improved the game experience for me, and I'm thoroughly enjoying this PC port.Pros:- Neptunia on your PC!  While the graphics don't appear to be much different than Vita, it's great moving it from a handheld screen to a computer monitor (or in my case, a large screen TV).- Re;Birth vastly improves the mechanics of the original release on PS3- 60 FPS!  Animations are fluid and quick.Cons:- It's not true 1080p.  In windowed mode you're capped at 1600x900, while fullscreen will upscale to your monitor resolution but all assets are still rendered at 900p.- No graphics customization for lower end computers.- Nothing unique/special added to the PC release over the original Vita release.Overall, this is an excellent JRPG port in my experience.  While some users have been reporting crashes, visual glitches, and performance problems, I have not had any of these issues thus far.  The game has not crashed once, and the graphics are crisp."
,Recommended,282900,14272559,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Byakuren Hijiri,"The port is fairly well done, though default keyboard controls feel a bit odd, however are all fully rebindable. The controller support feels slightly off, but it isn't a big issue since you have all the time in the world in combat. Otherwise, the port is very functional, and the ability to use the mouse in selection screens is a rather nice plus.The actual game itself is somewhat of a unique take on a JRPG, with high customization elements, an ultra cute cast and a rather large amount of content, especially with the DLC bringing up the level cap to 999. The combat system is very simplistic, but because of the simplicity, it makes the game rather casual. That being said, the balancing of the foes in the game feel slightly strange, with a large gap between the strength of regular monsters and boss monsters.Just about everything is customizable, from your character outfits, attack combos, monster difficulty and loot obtained and the dialogue includes lighthearted humor and much fourth wall breaking. The voice overs are available in both English and Japanese and all Music and Artwork are unlocked as the game progresses for viewing at any time in a town.Overall, Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 is a unique JRPG that fans of the series or JRPGs in general may enjoy."
,Recommended,282900,14272711,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ppshex,finally on PC... now i can nep nep all day long~~
,Recommended,282900,14275147,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,THE DAHNAULD,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing kawaii holy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282900,14275219,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,☆ Malfatto ★,"About this game- Nep-nep in 60fps- good story- good JP voice (don't play with ENG voice)- better than you wife""Better than FF13"""
,Recommended,282900,14275598,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Vice Admiral Poharan,I feel like I don't need any of the other games in my Steam library now. Is there a trade in function?
,Recommended,282900,14276354,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,判断の騎士,"Been waiting for this game to be on PC, finally got to play it although it had some DLC problems, still, 10/10 would play again."
76561198108209328,Recommended,282900,14277878,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,KurisuChaN05,"Grinding waifus! (>,<)"
76561198076497593,Recommended,282900,14836579,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,chaos,"Came for laughs was not disappointed, the story is interesting and the gameplay decent. A few minor bugs here and there but nothing game breaking, HDN provides a decent challenge at every point in the game, no matter what level you're at theres always something out there that prevents you from steamrolling over the game, heck even at max level some of the colosseum battles are still too tough to win. (or maybe i just suck :p). Plenty of cliches in the game but they fit in  surprisingly well and 4th wall breaking pops up at the most unexpected places which is just plain hillarious when you notice it. Some things I didn't quite like about this game is how the post game is a little lacking in terms or level progression, nothing new unlocks for the characters after 100 if I'm not mistaken. Level grinding from 200-999 is way too easy especially once some of the plans are activated, one colosseum battle in particular makes farming $$$ and getting from lvl 500 to lvl 999 a cake walk. (I made the jump from 519-999 in about 1hr or so). There is also no way to reset levels or modify levels which is a shame, it makes most enemies on a second playthrough cannon fodder, including the final boss. All in all this is an amazing game and worth buying if only for the laughs 8.5/10"
,Recommended,282900,14848537,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Twez_Doctor,"This game is realy"" fun to be played :D"
,Recommended,282900,14949541,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,NepNep,:3
,Recommended,282900,14967052,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Take,nice
,Recommended,282900,14982041,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Flhz,"good game, good in-game mechanics, fine art, story is so-so. a nice quality 3d for an animation-based game.sadly, it is just too 'weaboo' for  some people."
,Recommended,282900,15007693,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Neptron,"Hyperdimension Neptunia, where to start...Gameplay wise, it's your standard JRPG style turn-by-turn with a few minor tweaks.Firstly, you can move around the circular border that surrounds your character and position your characters to where you want them to be to inflict damage to one or more enemies if you can get them to line up into your attack box. You get 3-Dimensional movement to where you want your characters to be, so I guess it's more immersive than your normal standard RPG.Secondly, you are given 3 different types of attacks. Rush, Power and Break which are done in a succession of three times in any order of your choosing in addition to your initial strike. Depending on which one you choose, each type of attack does different things.Rush is a low-power-high-combo style of attack that focuses more on building up a mechanic known as the ""EXE Drive"". The EXE Drive bar fills up gradually as you attack or are attacked and gives access to an additional rush/power/break attack, making it 5 attacks in a single turn. In addition to that, you are also given EXE drive skills, skills that not only do not require SP (This is the term for mana/mp used in this game) but are also extremely powerful, each having it's own cinematic.Power does what its name implies, you hit hard and kill your enemies fast. Compared to rush attacks, this usually only comes in combos of 1-5 hits and does not charge the EXE fast even if it shares the same number of hits as a rush attack.Break attacks are different from rush and power in the sense that it does not do as much damage as power but inflicts more damage on a mechanic known as the guard gauge. The guard gauge exists as the blue bar below the enemies' health and when it is reduced to zero, you trigger a status known as guard break where the enemies take more damage than normal and is usually done to allow EXE drive skills to reach a level of damage you can't achieve normally.As for the story...The cast of characters found in this game are rather entertaining to watch, although some of the jokes may sail past your head if you are not familliar with some of the popular game/anime(?) titles in Japan.Our heroine Neptune is a pudding obsessed bundle of joy that somehow gains amnesia after being planted head first into the ground from Gameindustri's equivalent of Heaven also known as Celestia.She is saved by Compa, a nurse in-training who then helps treat her injuries who also got her addicted to pudding. Shortly after, they team up with IF after bumping into each other in a dungeon... literally.Together the three heroines will gather the four key fragments from across Gameindustri to free Histoire, a tome that holds all the power of Gameindustri and save the world.The story itself is light, enjoyable and overall, just plain fun to watch the cast of characters interact with each other.However, I do not recommend the game to buyers who are looking for a deep story because the game appeals more using it's art style and gameplay mechanics to appeal to the buyer rather than the story.Overall, it's a game I'd term as moege, these types of games generally are typically only visually appealing without much of a story, if you like cute girls beating the living daylights out of monsters and you like JRPGs I'd recommend this this in a heartbeatWatch out for the grind though..."
,Recommended,282900,15046315,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,KelesK[*],"I played the original on PS3 and not having a PS Vita I am thrilled to see this recreation coming to PC. It is a must for anyone who has been a long-term gamer made only better by attitional features added since the release of Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory.The conversations and story plots are a little different from the original, as are some of the great one-liners but it is still great if you never got to play the original.Even if JRPG isn't you thing I believe everyone should play this game at least once."
,Recommended,282900,15054604,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Kabegami,"Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind.Boring dungeon layout's.Fanservice.Stupid health regenerating bosses.Obnoxious voices.But its funny and combat is not too bad. I like it."
,Recommended,282900,15055377,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,♥DarkSailent♥,"Reminds me of Grandia II, back on Dreamcast. Enjoy the classic feel of the RPG status. It also takes the PoV of the characters from a player's perspective for jokes and fun. I love the story so far, fun playing, but I'm at the part where I'm grinding a bit just to continue, which is fine. But overall, I would recommend it even though it is a Japanese game."
,Recommended,282900,15058480,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Alter『Artoria Pendragon』,can anyone help me?the game crashes when i open itim using windows 7some said run it in compatibility mode in windows xp sp 3 or 2but still didnt work :(i really want to play this game
,Recommended,282900,15168858,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,【 変 態 】DarkKuroNeko,"It is a lot of fun, Lots of Video Game references and jokes and enjoyable cast of characters."
76561198145748544,Recommended,282900,15172212,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,CrossTSB,"Awesome series, AMAZING game.  If you're a fan of JRPG's this is definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,282900,15194375,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,barret9559,"So far the game has been pretty fun. The story is interesting so far and the voice acting pretty good. The battle system is fun, and the Plans give it a bit more depth than I thought it would have.  Plus it is somewhat a parody of the gaming industry so I find myself chuckling with all the jokes related to that.Not reccomending this for hardcore gamers but it is a lot better than I heard about the series beforehand. If you want to relax for some casual fun, I do reccommend this game."
,Recommended,282900,15202386,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,EgoMasker,Broke the fourth wall and put itself on my list of favorite games!10/10
,Recommended,282900,15224331,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kevinomancer,GOOD GAME <3Plutia's too cute <3 Her voices <310/10
76561198041974724,Recommended,282900,15253306,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Maister,"Very fun game a lot of replayability in the form of ""want to have the best gear?"". Comical moments are all around as the game doesn't take itself seriously sometimes so I recommend this all around."
,Recommended,282900,15253927,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,AlenasSenpai,"The anime is better than the game.Yes it can be fun, but camera movement is horrible and it doesn't feel all that well ported over to pc, as it just plays like it would handle everything and play that much better if you were to use a controller.anime 9/10the game 7/10"
,Recommended,282900,15255410,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Monochromatic Aberration,"Another polished gem from PS3 to Vita to Steam; I'm waiting on some of the others to show up but I ought to clear this at least once.I feel that once Hyperresolution from DSFix and GeDoSaTo creator Durante gets mixed in any OpenGL resolution issues are ironed out; to complete the party add in some DLC providing Hanazawa Kana's eerie Plutia to offset Tanaka Rie's peppy Neptune voice for a good time.  Honestly, if not for space-time divots like Terraria and Age of Empires III I'd have a whole lot more than 5 1/2 hrs of play; that and video gaming is not my sole method of building Japanese vocab. I ""also"" like native voiced video gaming."
76561198032821939,Recommended,282900,15255907,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Roymarc,This game answered the question of how much nep could a nepnep nep if a nep nep could nep nep 10/10
,Recommended,282900,15256554,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Rectangle,"Hyperdimension Neptunia is a game about anime girls who are also video games being in a video game as anime girls. The characters range from big♥♥♥♥♥♥to not so big♥♥♥♥♥♥ The gameplay is pretty meh but who the ♥♥♥♥ came here for gameplay. Its actually not that bad, I apologise. The writings♥♥♥♥♥♥but its the great kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥you'll find yourself laughing at during 4am after several wanks. Its 10/10 GOTY go buy."
,Recommended,282900,14415823,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jakku~,"The first game on the PS3 had the perfect slice of humour and amusing written dialogue, but fell flat in literally every other regard, it was a terrible game. Re;Birth on the other hand is a ground up remake originally for the Vita, utilizing the unique combat of its sequel and carrying it over. Gone are the days of crappy combat with random chance to heal yourself (Yes you couldn't even use healing items yourself!) and pointless interactive dungeon items, instead you have something which is a lot more fluid and fun to play. Something people gloss over is how the remake now has you collecting the other CPU Goddesses as allies as early as Chapter 2! The original had 3 party members including the main character for literally 80% of the game, the diversity allowed a lot of spicing up with formations and picking favourite characters early.Definitely worth playing for the writing more than the gameplay, but the remake is a real hoot. It won't win any awards, but It sure is a lot of fun, Neptunia is adorable."
,Recommended,282900,14440873,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,[UPRPRC] Yamato Hoteru,"I'm just playing this mainly because I want to see Iris Heart step on me with Verbal Abuse.heavy breathingIRIS HEART SCOLD ME MOREOh, um, the game is pretty nice too."
,Recommended,282900,14444369,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ブラン,Waitin for the next series...........I hope they give a good deal.....My Rating 8.7/10PROS-Nice Graphic-Good English dubs (Japanese also avaible)-Nice game mechanism-Good story and jokes-DLC are worth the money you paid-Too Nep Too hande!!Cons-Little Bugs on low compability computers-Can't keep HD settings-Can't use gameboosters (Bugs will come your way)-Usually bugs when you click too much
76561197989535096,Recommended,282900,14455039,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,sgtwhiskeyjack,What's with all the questions? I just like RPG's OK.
76561198142180266,Recommended,282900,14457623,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Pyromasteralex,i  love this game so much but it leans a little to much on the loli side though but thats fine  theres more then enough characters you can use on your team to just not use them
,Recommended,282900,14507850,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,have a boy,"Come for the animu, stay for the writing."
76561198117107480,Recommended,282900,14573503,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,DragonSkulls99,I LIKE THIS GAME A LOT
76561198006571894,Recommended,282900,14580438,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Lohas,Nothing else to say 10/10 amazing game
,Recommended,282900,14670023,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ColdCoffeeCup,"A good game with neat gameplay and an amusing visual novel. By far one of my favorite games, as everything in the game was pretty much what I like in a game. Strategic elements, grinding, yet not too much grinding, a good storyline, funny character personalities and fan service are some of the perks that awaits you in this game. IF you like references and breakage of the forth wall, will this game's storyline, and some game-elements make you smile at times.Also Ran-Ran ( ´ • ω • ` ).I'm really looking forward to Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth2, and I hope it'll be as amusing as this one."
76561198004264160,Recommended,282900,14712944,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,One-Sided Pancake,"Great art, graphics, and wonderful translation of an already wondeful game. Provides just the right amount of difficulty, but nothing in this game can't be overcome by some hard-earned leveling."
76561198073088368,Recommended,282900,15022883,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Silent One,Best RPG ever...Can't Wait to play the rest of the series when it comes out
,Recommended,282900,14252940,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Alboreo,All the waifus.
76561198061409686,Recommended,282900,14255809,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Yoshitani Ayako,THE CRASHES ARE KINDA IRRITATING. AND LOTS OF BUGS. LOTS OF ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT.
,Recommended,282900,14260977,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Derpykin,"TL:DR Good Game with much needed improvements over the original but with some noticable but avoidable bugs - chapter 1 boss crash after scripted death (Save before and repeat often and hope), SET COMPATIBILITY MODE TO XP to avoid post battle crashLong versionWhile I have not played the original Vita version of the game, I did play the original neptunia 1 and nep mk2 on the PS3 so thats what i'll compare this tooThe battle system from the PS3 original is completely done away with (thank god) and replaced with the now standard system which both mk2 and victory use.  Movement and aiming with a keyboard with default mappings is difficult but a controller is recommended. I have noticed that in my opinion the difficulty has been increased overall with a much steeper curve but after buying the plutia and peashy dlc to replace Iffy I have noticed it has got easier with a 2nd CPUThe remake system is a much needed addition which allows you to change dungeon items, enemy difficulty and other stats. Also welcome is the inclusion of many previous DLC characters like brocolli and MAGES as permenant characters ingame.I'm not going to comment on fanservice since that speaks for itself but the humor from the 1st version has been improved upon to the point that its even parodying itself as a remakebut as all games there is some glaring flaws, grind syndrome is still existant, especially if you purchase the 3 additional content packs (300 lvls per pack allowing for lvl 999 characters) which are optionalthe biggest problems is the constant crashes if you don't know why they occur with one potential gamebreaking bug that i've foundIf you decide to skip audio cues after a battle (the fanfare and the level up audio) then the game has a high chance to freak out and crashes to desktop - this is the main downside to the remake/port but can be avoided if you are patient and wait for the speech to stop or change the compatibility mode to XP for the gamethe gamebreaking bug is technically a spoiler but is a necessary spoiler to avoid it - at the end of the 2nd dungeon there is the first major boss in the game the 1st battle is a scripted death but the game often freezes before the following cutscene (from what i've seen online this is a common crash if you get a game over) and to date I cannot find a way to bypass or avoid it.I have since gotten past it by sheer luck and repetition. my advice is to save at the station before the bridge and just keep repeating until it gets past it (I hope this is the only bug like this.Overall I give the game a 7 out of 10 which would be an 8 if the bugs were fixed."
,Recommended,282900,14272073,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Caoimhe Scarlet,"As a fan of the series I can hardly not recommend this title.Interesting setting, some fun and really unique characters and as ports goes it's one of the better ones I've seen. Some bugs to iron out but Idea Factory have been really helpful and working to fix issues from what I've seen.If you like RPGs, anime, cute stuff, references and throw backs to video game culture then go check this one out."
,Recommended,282900,14306729,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,tombdragon,"Pros:-if you're a gamer, you're going to laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off-wait, nevermind, you're going to laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off anyway-can adjust game settings to suit your style (item drops, difficulty, etc)-female cast (because the testerone brigade + a couple eye candy mages is getting old)-did I mention these females are tougher than Chuck Norris? A feminist would be proud-Girls, if you're into them-Lots of lesbian subtext, if you're one of them-Some lesbian text-Lesbians(?)-after your first playthrough, you can hit Amazon and buy a bunch of consoles and video games you didn't know you needed until now-can use an xbox controller, which makes the game less clunky to playCons:-If you're a WBC member, you're going to have a bad time-GRINDING-Compa's victory pose gets old after awhile-Some of the animation *ahem* ""camera angles"" can make a younger gamer feel a bit uncomfortable. Or anyone, really.-You have to unlock the good items before being able to buy them-MATERIALS-ITEM DROPS-GRINDING-Not a lot of males from what I've seen so far. I mean, that's not bad if you don't care too much, but some diversity is nice-IF will get more action than you willFinal Verdict: Yuri/10Bought this game on an impulse buy without ANY idea what it was about (seriously, not a single clue about the fanservice, humor, or jokes. It was just intuition). Didn't put it down once the entire weekend (except for food/sleep).......Why haven't you bought the game yet?DO IT!NEP NEP!"
76561198039769789,Recommended,282900,14317255,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Boxer,***WARNING ***  EDIT Crash bug can be fixed by setting compatibility of game's .exe file to win XP sp 3.0.Game is 100% unplayable.  The game keeps crashing after fifteen to thirty minutes of game play and you can't save more than once per thirty minutes or so.  Every time you crash you loose all prior game play and therefore you can not progress in the game.Do not buy until the game is fixed. Edit Temp fix set compatibility of game exe file to win xpIf the game is fixed and if it becomes playable I will edit this review.
,Recommended,282900,14328959,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Storm Elite,Best game for perdo :))
76561198054722513,Recommended,282900,14334545,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,MR.Shad0w-Muppet,"I'm surprised they released this game on Steam. The Hyperdimension series is one of my favorite JRPG's on the PS3. This is a remake of the first game. Note that this is a JRPG and you will be GRINDING otherwise the bosses will be challenging. If you love JRPG's with it's one unique twist, definetly check it out. Also ironically this version came out the day after the second Re;Birth came out on VITA. I hope this game gives the incentive to release the second game on Steam as well. Idea Factory has been listening to feedback so some bugs and glitches will be fixed. The only problem I encountered so far that hasn't been fixed now is the CGI skipping."
,Recommended,282900,14398423,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Slinkeeking,This is seriously one of the most fun games I've ever played. No♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,282900,15257157,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,S31Strife,"A++  This game is awesome! i've played the Hyperdimension games on the PS3 and watched the anime so it was only right that i play this as well.Now the story is mostly the same from the first Hyperdimension Neptunia on the PS3 but with small changes. The combat system isn't the same though, in-fact the combat is closer to Hyperdimension MK2. If i'm honest, there isn't anything wrong with the combat system but i preferred the system from the first game.... sadly that combat system is only ever used  in the first game and all the other games use this system, still its ok.The characters are just as moe and cutisy as ever but there seems to be some changes to the voices... i dunno i just dont like it has much but im just nitpicking really. If your looking for a great anime based game with a ton of game refences then this is your game.... unless you want to play the original series on PS3 first but nevertheless enjoy."
,Recommended,282900,15265746,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,NTT.Mavis,"Great RPG, go play and play, nyu!"
,Recommended,282900,15271179,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Isernwyvern,oh boy what have I gotten myself into I dont know what to say im speachless let me tell you play at your own risk because this game leaves a lot of qeastions and no answers.
76561198066013126,Recommended,282900,15292915,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,DemoncreatureFeuer,ALL THE GAMEE AND OTAKU JOKES
76561198075825797,Recommended,282900,15293599,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Tiramie,"Who needs social life anyway?Go and finally buy this game, we all know you're gonna do it."
76561198045388039,Recommended,282900,15297190,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Thibault,This gamu is kawaii as F@#*!
,Recommended,282900,15300482,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,nameception,best game I've seen in my laifu
,Recommended,282900,15303483,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Arbastar,"Pretty good game, has a bunch of references and gags that'll make you laugh."
,Recommended,282900,15306770,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Lyanor,"Yep... it's just as Japanese as you would expect. Boobs, large weapons that make no sense, anime like characters....Still an awesome game, in Conditional Action Turn Based Battle, plenty of game references I was holding my belly laughing  during the  the entire first 30 minutes as the game was proving to be everything I expect from this kind of game and much more.  I'm having a blast playing this and definitely recomment to people who like me missed a good Turn Based Battle System.Lyanor"
,Recommended,282900,15309659,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,GameyS,CAN'T ENTER TO GAME ERROR THEN CLOSE PROGRAM AUTO PLS FIX
76561198061261637,Recommended,282900,15322749,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SHANIQUA,lesbians 10/10
76561198082952934,Recommended,282900,15325847,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,[chrysanthemum],"i love the anime and i love this game as well, i wish that i could play this game on mac though"
,Recommended,282900,15326759,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The Straight Muslim Goat,Hyperdimension Neptunia has me addicted normally all the fourth wall breaking refrences would kill me and I delete this game and want my money back but this game is amazing I love the soundtrack the gameplay is the best in any visual novel i've ever played the animations and voices work perfecley and are great plus on top of all of this they MADE A FREAKING ANIME BASED OFF THIS!  100/10 must buy!
76561198156610782,Recommended,282900,15340799,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Nevhie,Pros:- Nice Grind- Cute Girls- Nice battle System- Many Cute costumes- Nice Story if u are new to this series- Funny Parody (Ex: Metal Gear Solid/ Suikoden/ Pokemon)- Girl flirting to another girl- Nice Weapon Concept- Good English Voice- Tons of Dungeon- Nice Role for every Characters(Tank - DPS - Support)- 2D Girls in Bikini <3Cons:- All Playable Characters are Female- Somewhat tiring to reach max lv 999- Needs another 3$ for DLC for max lv and end game Equipment- Somewhat lack of Ranger Class(Only Uni but u get her at very late Game)- Makes you like 2D Girls- Guard System somewhat... Useless. Kinda 50-50 for this.
,Recommended,282900,15402218,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,{K³} TheSolidMidget,"Hah. If you're an animoo lover pleb, who loves cute Japanese fighting cartoon girls.I recommend that you should get this.Plus. I think there is a loli in this game.If I worked for IGN I would rate 10/10."
76561198152023660,Recommended,282900,15429221,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,KillOrRageQuit,I love how they script the dialog in the game. I laughed a lot throughout and makes me feel like i am watch anime and at the same time playing.
,Recommended,282900,15430424,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Patako,Nepten! so cute!Cute and kawaii girl around ><for experient of rpg turn base this is greatmore costume and more jokeWait for re:birth 2 soon
,Recommended,282900,15443752,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kaancem,Well if you like watching anime or moe girls it's fine.to be honest I was regretting about bought it.So it turned out that I like it :D story is good enough and jokes well.. cute for around their ages or should I say their characteristic..gameplay seems lame till some good skill or ex drive skills come out..
,Recommended,282900,15461088,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,亚历山德琳,A must-buy for JRPG seekers! It sucks that you have to buy the content to raise the level cap nevertheless it still is good.
,Recommended,282900,14700840,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Achiel,"This is your usual RPG. Kinda. Sorta. First Hyperdimension Neptunia to hit the PC market on Steam. And the remade version of the first game too.It's literally a game based on the console wars. Represented by girls. All told together through a kinetic novel-type event dialogue with their quirky personalities. Has a turn-based combat system with placement. Characters are able to combo when set to along with a turn-order display.Yup.Also do note, this game runs on OpenGL and not DirectX. Most AMD cards will have the most troubles with the game with missing textures and such, due to supposed horrible support for OpenGL on AMD cards.If you're using Nvidia Geforce video cards, you don't really have to worry.Good game at least."
,Recommended,282900,14705731,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kuro-sin(π),"- JRPG- Waifu- Good Storyline/Plot- Cool Battle System- Funny- Satire- Parody/References- Waifus- Cute- Moe- Kawaii- ""PLOT""- 2much Waifu material (buys DLC 2get moar)11/10 would Nep-Nep again!PS: Remember to just hav 1 waifu, getting more waifu will destroy ur laifu"
,Recommended,282900,14799787,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Kitten,"-Cute game, TOTALLY HAS BREAKING THE 4TH WALL LOGIC !-Lolis, lolis everywhere (if theres people into that)-Unique storyline and character personality-Art style is really nicei dont know what else to say here teehee :3"
76561198153473782,Recommended,282900,14911375,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sula,really love hyperdimension
76561198080222084,Recommended,282900,15042437,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,xxanimeweedlord420,Vert > everyone else.Get it on sale though. It only took my 14 hours to beat.
76561197997699850,Recommended,282900,14326701,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Passive Sup,Pro:Mostly Everything!!! XDCon:Got crash often when finish battle (Have only this problem....)8/10
,Recommended,282900,14328335,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mannyくん,JRPG with Easy to play(than before) and a lot moe factor.
76561198091827965,Recommended,282900,14334859,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Frank ;c,"10/10 Neptune kawaii, 60 FPS jiggle tech, striped pantsu. EVERYTHING YOU COULD EVER WANT"
,Recommended,282900,14338964,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Emperor Hirohito farmskins.com,"look at this game..weaboo♥♥♥♥♥♥..buy the game for jokes...only three words to saymoe,loli,oppaigoodbye world,mom,dadhello my laptop"
,Recommended,282900,14339743,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Akuma,60fps 1080p Nep-Nep !
,Recommended,282900,14347696,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,"gozieson,what is vektorz?!","This game is an absolute parody homage to anything and everything right and/or wrong with Japanese Otaku Culture and the game industry per se.Play this if you want a good game with a bunch of tropes thrown in the mix and some form of plot discussions for when you meet your otaku friend the next day.Personally wondering if Idea Factory would consider another game in the HN universe that now includes the PC wars (*cough* Windows vs. Apple *cough*).Blanc or Nep-Nep, such hard decisions...Ok scratch that, Noire is best tsundere..."
,Recommended,282900,15148128,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ItsaraOfGoD,This game is so cute....KAWII DESU! and good for lolicon.
,Recommended,282900,15257112,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,TheLazyGun™,buy it was hilarious i encountered 0 bugs during my playtime of almost 40 hours tons of endgame battles that require lots of top end gear which will require even more time.. all in all id give it a 8/10 nepneps cant wait for the second!
76561198075222982,Recommended,282900,15303567,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ムン·ダーク,Best anime RPG game I ever play and so damn cute with alot of funny screen!Anime Fans this is your first choice!
,Recommended,282900,15319071,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Johnny Black,"cute girls , Epic monster and booobs"
,Recommended,282900,15319470,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,P. One,tiered of  console ports where no normal control is supported and  the developers put no effort to  make a convenient control. logitech controller not supported.
,Recommended,282900,15332561,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Saucer,"Despite the themes and it not being triple-A, this game is kickass and well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,282900,15360092,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Rolfest Honorbound,I am still trying to understand how the female get a growth spurt in the second they use a move to get to a special form...But i digress this game was at the beggining i had my doubts after one hour of playtime i got seriously addicted (and no it was not cuz the game had only females...) .The story of the game itself is great lots of laugh and the game itself is easy to comprehend.I definatelly recommend this game for any RPG lover out there.
,Recommended,282900,15384659,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,KonfettiToss,This game's degree of fan service is sooo over the top it's funny as hell! Once you go beyond that this JRPG will surprise you with it's game-related references and detailed story.
,Recommended,282900,15392677,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,iDanny,"This game is amazing. I highly recommend this game if you love anime and RPGs. The story is great and somewhat funny. The combat system is basically a turn based system, but it's really good. The characters are awesome and they're all likeable.  ALSO YOU DON'T HAVE TO WATCH THE ANIME BEFORE PLAYING THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,282900,15393285,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,smilesofdarkness,This game is insane with the controller support. Ofc the game itself is awesome too. :3
,Recommended,282900,15497090,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,tanukihat,"10/10, would Nep again."
,Recommended,282900,15509230,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Cjarsons,"I have played this game on PS3 (even HDN mk2 and HDN Victory) and I'm so happy which I can play it on PC, this game it's a remake of Hyperdimension Neptunia for PS3, so some stuff it's different (with all the changes seem almost to play a different game, even the story got a lot of changes):-few DLC,  you can get all for around 6 €, (this it's when i have written this) the original game (the one on PS3) have around 90 DLC and it cost me over 80 euros to get them all....-the intro movie and song changed (for my tastes i think the song was on the PS3 game was better)-The combat system is identical to the one found in Victory; this change make the combat more fun, the fight in HDN for PS3 take a lot of time, (more easy you play and more long are the battles) better use of items, you have to use sp to change in HDD mode (on the original game you have to do a combo to transmorm, but the ""action point"" you use recharge to full every turn), magic require ""action point"" like any attack (on the PS3 game all the magic got by the CD are orrible).-you cannot change the difficulty of the game (for my point of view I don't like how was set the difficulty on the game, for what I understand play hard mean monster stronger but with less hp, play easy and you get weaker monster but with a lot of hp and that take to enless battles)-many graphical changes (the HDD transformation had a movie on the original game, the map you use to move it's different, the NPC are not a black silhouette anymore)-Dialogue has changed much from the original, with updated references and special events taking place not found in the original game; i think some voice actors changed too (at last I feel the voice of Neptune different).-The transportation system works the same as in Victory and mk2 (on the first game on PS3 you have some location to select for event or dungeon and to go to other landmasses there is a little dungeon you have to do everytime).-In-dungeon abilities are identical to Victory; players can jump and the search sphere is back as well.-Re;Birth 1 gets treated as yet another dimension, as characters from other worlds make an appearance.-The Scout System has been removed and the Remake System is in its place. It works the same way as Item Synthesis, except the options aren't limited to item creation. It is possible to find and influence new dungeons through this tool (Harvest Shift is back, so are the Tough enemies), or even change the system like making all the enemies stronger/weaker, making the EXE drive fill faster.-some character has been removed 5pb, Red, Nisa and Gust. (the last 2 are the one i liked more)-new character are put in the game Falcom, Broccoli, Tekken, MAGE., CyberConnect2, MarvelousAQL, (follow from DLC) Peashy, Plutia and Historie (this last one doesn't fight in the original game or here without the DLC), Peashy and Plutia are only  for fighting in the game, there isn't any story with them (all 4 the extra character of the game of PS3 you have to go trought their side story before get them, Nisa and Gust become guest on party and you have to buy their battle ticket (a DLC) to play them, while i think there is no trace on the game of the other 2 if you dont have the DLC).-the story of the game it's more linear (on PS3 when you can leave Planeptune you can go to all other landmasses)the game has improved a lot form the original from PS3 and that make it a lot better, even if you played the game for PS3 i recommend to buy it, it's like play a different game, even the story have quite some change, so you won't get bored even if you have played the PS3 version.I hope will come to pc even the other game of HDN, and even game like Ar Tonelico (all the 3games (from NISA and GUST)) and Trinity Universe (from Nippon Icchi Software (on NISA the A it's for America),GUST, Idea Factory (this last one it's developer and publisher of HDN Re;Birth1 for PC))"
76561197971817168,Recommended,282900,15531130,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,terryble04,"Another typically mad jrpg but i'm loving it. Sense of humour is great, lots of gaming in-jokes and the battles are just how I like them, a mix of turnbase and action, I can't seem to stand the newer jrpg battle styles in FF for example."
76561198056022898,Recommended,282900,15554735,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DaBomb,"Fun gameplay with cute girls and a decent storyline. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys anime. There are a looooooooooot of references that non-viewers will not understand, as the game was designed for the niche geek market in Japan. Buy with caution if you are not a fan of anime or anime culture."
76561198053009850,Recommended,282900,15576738,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Joey Wheeler,I used to love real women. Now i disregard anything that is not 2D. 10 out of 10. Looking forward to the Live action hentai remake.
76561198108665598,Recommended,282900,15580575,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,dagoofbalz,good jrpg
,Recommended,282900,15605186,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,uberly bored,"A run of the mill JRPG with a fun story and fanservice. If you're looking for some in-depth tactical RPG with deep, complex characters; you'd best look elsewhere. But if you need a time killer and want to see a bunch of panty shots of 16 year old girls, go for it."
76561198150247166,Recommended,282900,15613331,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dalek149,"If you like rpgs and this anime art stlye, you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,282900,15649659,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Aira,"Everyone, a moment of silence for the 4th wall please =w="
76561198018661230,Recommended,282900,15885943,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Drethril,"With amazing graphics, gameplay, and story (as well as constantly breaking the fourth wall) this game is worth every penny you spend on it. The game can be hard to play without a controller though, so I suggest getting one even if it is just for this game."
76561198013161568,Recommended,282900,15957061,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Railgun,"Good jrpg, that'll keep you occupied for a lot of time.Fun story, with a lot of humor and easter eggs.The combat system feels really dynamic and I never got tired of it.A must have."
,Recommended,282900,16428408,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Limberbutt McCubbins,"Nep nep nep nep nep, nep.Nep/Nep"
,Recommended,282900,16451821,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Omegaxavi,Presses X accidentally and skips all dialogEnters later in museum to watch the CG I skippedBoobs bounce if you press A button11/10
,Recommended,282900,16483546,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jack Miller Fox 30 News,"Anime girls, boobs, pop culture references. Oh and an addicting combat system. What more do you need?"
,Recommended,282900,16610702,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Campbell (2),"There is literally no way to justify not having this game.If I had the money to spare right now I'd be buying the second part, as well as all the dlc for it too.And the next one.And the next one.And the next one.There WILL be a next one."
,Recommended,282900,16691677,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SMOL BIRB,I came for moe and stayed for the moe
76561198006807513,Recommended,282900,15266132,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tenshi,"For those who love round-based jrpg, visual novels and ridiculous jokes breaking the 4th wall it is a perfect game that finaly found its way on the PC"
,Recommended,282900,15297102,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Depriv3D,pc master race
76561198040134232,Recommended,282900,15305595,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Voidzzy,Its a nice game
,Recommended,282900,15337534,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,2010wolf CURSED panda blw.tf,"Plz reed meh woll of taxt and u will g3t sum puddingI watched this anime like.. a month ago, and now the game came out.i fell off my chair *not rely :p* when i saw this anime was made into a game, i was like, MUST BUY!!! MUST PLAY!!!!!!! MUSSSSSSSSSSST!!!!!!I'v played for 14 hours now and made it to chapter 4, it's really funny how some parts of the story mention silly stuff like ""i will do *something* so you can give me 900000 puddings"" or ""talking about fan service which breaks ze 4th wall, which i strangly like o_O"" and much more stuff like dat, it's what i enjoyed most from ze gameAnd everytime i need to close ze game cuz i need 2 do something... i just.. i can't quit... i can't leave ze cuteness!Oh, and it's much more enjoyable if you watched the anime, you will get 100X times the fun out of ze gameThanks for reading my wall of taxtOh and about Ze pudding, Ze pudding iz a lie!!!!!!"
,Recommended,282900,15360182,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,UNKNOWN,so far so good ... wait for the re;birth 2 ... good work
,Recommended,282900,15583603,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Budekman,"the games had the same play style with the final fantasy 13 , same fight mode , moving , ambush , female protagonist , etc but ! i almost get addicted with this game , pure joy for virgin boy like me .  90/100"
,Recommended,282900,15617765,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Vox,"I thorougly enjoyed this game. The combat was very fluid and intuitive, and while the storyline may not take itself seriously at times, it will still suck you in. I will without a doubt buy the next one in the series when it hits steam.If you beat the game once and still want more, do a new game plus and watch the true ending (which requires certain circumstances to view), as the endings are entirely different."
,Recommended,282900,16874826,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Erwin Schrödinger,Blanc is loveBlanc is life
76561198041137938,Recommended,282900,14315557,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Grimore,I just wish there was more to it.Great game very addicting time flys when your playing it if you like any IF game youll love this one also Nep-Nep nuff said
,Recommended,282900,14329541,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kalarima,Where can i preorder sequel please?10/10 nep-nep is just too cute to be true
,Recommended,282900,14341416,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Aura,"Full ThoughtsI honestly hesitated to buy it, since it's gameplay looked kinda bland at first, but I'm glad I gave it a shot. The story (like most JRPG's) is rich and characters are all fully fleshed out in regards to specific personalities. I actually enjoy the back and forth banter between characters.One gripe I have is one that plagues anything anime based, which is the voice acting. Don't get me wrong, the English is AMAZING compared to other anime-esque titles in thedialogue. In battle however, the English instantly turns into the notorious souless, dull, and repetitive dribble that subbed fans hate.Overall a good buy, just keep in mind that how much you enjoy this game will greatly depend on how much you like the story and characters JUST as much as how much you like gameplay.TL:DRThis game is an hd anime themed dungeon crawler reminiscent of older Final Fantasy gameplay.And yes, there is some fanservice"
76561198038582043,Recommended,282900,14401437,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Zanbayu,please fix neptunia rebirth has stopped working caused by BEX thing....... i cant add it to DEP
,Recommended,282900,14443180,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,DsX,"While coming a long way from the original game, Neptunia Re;Birth1 is definitely not a game you play for gameplay, plot, or graphics.  It is a game you play for dialogue.  Not just any dialgoue, but dialogue making jokes about japanese archetypes and the console war, and tbh, that is all this game needs to sell. Many of the fans, including myself, will come back game after game just for the jokes. Adding on the 60FPS and 1080p res mostly just improves the experience inbetween dialogues.Now, is this game right for you? If you want a taste of it, watch a stream of it so you can have a taste a dialogue. If that is too long, imagine the following line, and if you laugh, this is probably the right game for you:Tsundere PS3 encarnate says. ""I can only do everything."" (Note: This is a reference to PS3's slogan ""It only does everything"")"
,Recommended,282900,14605896,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,A F R O M A N,"++++++++++ TONS of improvements from the original.+ Great Japanese voice acting.+ Funny references to games and anime.+ Great job for a first PC Port. I understand there were errors but they fixed it and listened to the community.+ Addition of characters.+/- Recycle amount in the game is extremely high. Recycled enemies and levels but people say they don't have have a lot of money. So it's understandable.- Not a very strong story again.- Little to no voice acting for English. What little there was few voices that were great most were terrible.- English translation can be off quite a bit in some parts.- Character portraits are better drawn but lack liveliness like original. Before they moved around and felt more alive and now they just breathe and change faces.- Removal of characters. *cough RED 5pb Gust Nisa cough*The game is a VAST improvement from it's original but also lacks in places. I miss the 3D model cities and the sprites that were in the original a lot. Still the game improved in combat, framerate, resoultion, scenery, and more. If you know Japanese the game is even better. Many references and funny jokes. The game is not for everyone but if you like these types of games it's a must buy. I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,282900,14667570,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,PINPON,"Like: Fun characters, fun gameplay, Marvy-chanDislike : grindfestRecommend for JRPG fans who like parody/references, really. Otherwise don't play"
76561198044406077,Recommended,282900,14965946,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Faeldrin,"I'm Nepu-nepu,You're Nepu-nepu,We're all Nepu-nepu !Actual fixes from the developers (compensating for a bad release) + Getting utterly curbstomped by a friendless goddess early on : 10/10"
,Recommended,282900,15176561,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Next Purple,What should I say if I am one of fans of Neptunia series?
,Recommended,282900,16463174,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,danlscarlos,
,Recommended,282900,16478396,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Egg Meaters™,"I put this game on my wishlist as a joke to my weeb friends, not knowing anything about Neptunia...13 episodes later...They are the ones who will be laughing...and I am the one paying the price...Pudding/10  Ruined my social credibility and any chance of a serious relationship."
,Recommended,282900,16484435,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Great Gnatsby,Waifu Simulator 2016 #NoWaifuNoLaifu11/10 Would totally get put on the FBI watch list again.
,Recommended,282900,17404228,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,[NES] iBlack,"no grease (okay a little grease)recommended for ""open minded""? cant think of a better descriptiongame is fun to play jrpg wiseserious but not super serious (why so serious?)dialogue is hilariouscharacters are hilariousanime boobies sometimes  (420/10)do recommend"
,Recommended,282900,17703292,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Admiral Rinj von Scoot,don't play this game
,Recommended,282900,17431575,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Red Saber,"Time for boobs actio-, err I mean grinding, and cute anime girls"
,Recommended,282900,17906061,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Blanc  ( ブラン ),"- Neptune best gurl- you got tsundere here- you got loli here- you got much kawai hereactualy ""OTAKU'S"" Need This Game!!9/10"
,Recommended,282900,17918797,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Nyariko,"In less than a day of playing this game, I managed to play 12.2 hours of it. I didn't eat dinner that night. I also didnt eat breakfast in the morning because I was playing it when I woke up. I then went to my friends house, ate a burger, drank Crush, went swimming, and then threw up everything in his bathroom because of the gap in meals. Neps are worth it, tho10/10 would throw up again"
76561198052834947,Recommended,282900,17451825,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Barkahol,I have to wait until my friends are offline before i play this.
,Recommended,282900,15259211,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,NekomimiKickflip,"cute girls, cute game10neps/10"
,Recommended,282900,15480656,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,judgegundam,But I want Japanese one
,Recommended,282900,14588227,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Esah Carre,"Between playing this or the original on the PS3, this one is much better. I also have it on the vita (though I haven't beat it there) but have completed it on Steam and working on my NG+.Graphics are very nice and there is no noticeable slowdowns. Battle system was revamped from the PS3 version (thankfully) as it was horridly slow and had too much freedom I thought.4th wall breaking inside. Game jokes....TL;DR: Nep-nep a little.  I suck at reviews."
,Recommended,282900,14234064,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,RadKennster,"I want to like this...I really do because I platinum the original on my PS3 but this version just keeps on crashing on me after playing 10 mins of the intro. Always crashes right after the first couple battles.I would give this a 8/10 but as of now..I have to give a 0/10 since I can't even get through the intro with out it crashing on me. I can't recommend this game with the state it is in now but when the random crashing is patched then sure, this game is must! Will change this review once patched.EDIT: 2/24/2015So I heard from my buddies that this game got patched awhile ago. I hopped back on and what do you know! My problems are fixed! Even the Controller works just fine now!"
,Recommended,282900,14235152,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,TombstoneDamned33,"It is a meh port. It has the original gameplay as the PS Vita Version. The picture quality is not bad and at least slightly better than the PS Vita Version. I highly recommend a PS Controller modded to make it work since the controls on the keyboard take a lot to get used to. Overall, a descent port."
,Recommended,282900,14236452,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Vulture64,"I'm ready for gonna be 30 years old virgin,and proud to be a wizard.maybe."
,Recommended,282900,14237200,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Murasaki - No Chat,"first timei've played it obviously, but i was planning on getting it, but when i saw it was being released here, i had to get it, and honestly, it's extremely fun and entertaining, my only gripe is i don't like the american voice actors so i changed it back to the japanese ones, but overall its a great game."
,Recommended,282900,14237870,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,nero,i've lost control of my life
,Recommended,282900,14238675,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Swiss guard,"I would nep a nep-nepAnyday.Everyday,"
,Recommended,282900,14239313,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ⱣϦᴧɲ†ʘɱ,Noire is mai waifu11/10
,Recommended,282900,14239578,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lastation,"If u like anime RPG  , don't  think anymore.just buy it :)"
,Recommended,282900,14241022,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Redemperor124,"bugs bugs bugs bugsproblems with playing cutscene if you have video codec like ffdshow LAV in your pc.purchased DLC do not working.game crashed in many occations.bla blaI love the game but with these many bugs I'll have to thumb it down until idea factory fix all of these...edit:ok, with so many update andd bugs fixed now I can play the game without problem so with the game itself, I approve!!!"
,Recommended,282900,14243976,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Venterivia,Definitely a JRPG game that way better that FFXIII!!
,Recommended,282900,14489820,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,「ITSJAYARYO」,Really fun game!
,Recommended,282900,14509249,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Pomf Pomf Kimochi,If you have any interest in Nep Nepping then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,282900,14514970,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,gfvtmear,Most Addict JRPG
,Recommended,282900,14630357,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Jambock,"A very funny RPG, a little limited at the start but with a lot of potential. please support this game so we can see other titles (and sequel) of Jap/Console RPGs coming to the PC. Made specially to Otakus. If you're an Otaku youll surelly like it. =)PS.: Better played with a gamepad."
76561198006416682,Recommended,282900,14635333,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,DoomyDoom,"Notes:An impression is based on ~25 hours of the game.I've not been acquainted with HDN series before this release, so I suppose that removes some bias I might've had.What's it good or not so good at:- Solid JRPG mechanics. You'll find a lot of stuff to do, abilities with reasonable use cases that allow various approaches to battles. Of course a reasonable share of grinding, because JRPG.- The game doesn't really hold your hand. You can unlock dungeons that are way over your combat ability and stumble onto a near unkillable boss really easy, especially early in the game.- Story is very much no-forth-wall kind of thing, full of tropes being used, overused, subverted etc so much that at times the game itself pretty much tells you - don't take me seriously. When I encountered my first party member, I've immediately told myself: ""Well, that's over 10 cliches on one character in 1 scene. This'll be fun"". Basically, it's almost over-the-top ridicuous, riddled with gaming culture and history references and such. It's going to be a ""take or leave"", that's for sure.- Translation... Well, it includes both an English sub/dub and original voice acting. By ""dub"" I mean that quite a few parts are, as expected, rewritten, with original references and jokes being lost in translation. You can have your Japanese VA if you have some language knowledge. Still, the dub seems to be more or less competent if you view it separately, rather than as a translation (which it in a way isn't). Sadly, though, English VO has a lot of stuff missing.- Technical side... is where things get a bit worse. Apparently quite a few people experience various problems with the game. I say ""apparently"" since while Steam forums are quite vocal and the devs are putting out patches, I haven't run into any real technical difficulties as of yet. As far as I understand, AMD/ATI users seem to have OpenGL-related problems, but reports are on multitude of hardware configurations. Do some research if you're not sure. This point might get outdated in the future.- If you have a gripe with binding keyboard buttons to controller actions as a way of remapping things and/or dislike dealing with controller-only prompts for menus, I highly suggest getting a gamepad."
,Recommended,282900,14636177,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ngeangelrei,it is epic!!!!!
76561198108296385,Recommended,282900,14924551,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Dreamミ☆Cast,"Played the game for 5 hours straight when I first bought it. Forgot to save, died, had to restart from the very beginning. But this game is so awesome that not a single ♥♥♥♥ was given about wasting 5 hours. Now I'm just waiting to buy all the DLC before I start a new game+."
,Recommended,282900,14968088,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Stone Cold Steve Austin,"Fun game. Definitely worth purchasing if you're looking for a good JRPG to play. Even without going for 100% achievement completion, it still gives you a solid amount of time for every dollar you spend."
,Recommended,282900,15017355,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Adolfus Hintler,"Simply Worth, its Great gameplay as well."
,Recommended,282900,15113354,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mad Futurist,"Good game with interesting story, many unlockables and challenging bosses. And above all, cute girls"
,Recommended,282900,15197393,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,KingRaRa,"Won't lie, playing through this was a guilty pleasure.  Solid mechanics and funny dialogue from a bunch of anime girls kept me playing through new game + and beyond."
,Recommended,282900,15249168,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"Usually I'd avoid games like these--by that I mean ones that seem to be obviously pandering to straight horny otakus with all the artwork I saw prior--but godDAMN was I wrong in dismissing this game.I love the JRPG mechanics, I love the customizability, I love the designs and how ridiculously campy everything was, I love the hilarious dialogue that constantly breaks the fourth wall and makes fun of itself, and I friggin' love Nep-Nep. And I can't get over the whole world design and all the different concepts that were so off-the-wall and just...genius. Even the pervy elements I got past, cause the character dialogue made it easy to look all of that over, and it wasn't as frequent as I expected it to be.The one gripe I guess I have would be that...good lord, Noire's voice actor (English). I'm sorry I just COULD NOT STAND her voice. At all. It took everything in my power not to just read through her dialogue fast and just skip waiting for her to finish saying it. Other than that, though, I can't think of any other negative things to say about this game.This is my first time ever being introduced to this series, so I'm completely new to it, but I still had a real blast and cannot wait for the sequel to come out on PC. Hell, I'm even tempted to get a Vita just so I could play it. I swear to god, this was literally the JRPG I've been yearning for for a long time.I think I'd give it like...8.5/10 or something. But that's just me. Me and this game just totally clicked."
,Recommended,282900,15271214,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Rath,Waifu. Nep Nep best waifu. HNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!~~~~
,Recommended,282900,15273513,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Audriolen,its ok some of the characters are cute i guess
76561198020138030,Recommended,282900,15291563,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Clammer,"I have really enjoyed playing this game so far, i will say i did play the original ps3 version and this by far is a big improvement as the battle system has be revampt and made a lot more fun not to say the original wasnt fun.i think Idea Factory has done a great job with the port considering this game is a PS Vita Remake of the original PS3 title.the story comes a cross as a bit corny sometimes but i've found it hilarious, i will say to some this game may offend  but if you arent a serious person this game is great for silly jokes (a lot of the jokes reference to games/game companies) good thing i've found is that there is a lot to do and for me i like that the game isn't short, that is if you want to do all the missions in the game of course.The great thing i've found is people messaged Idea Factory with problems and bugs coursing the game to crash, stop them from progressing etc and they listened fixing the problems making the game better for people to enjoy.What i found even better was people were having problems like graphics options, not saving properly and full screen mode not working for some owners of the game and  fixed those as well all in a matter of a couple of weeks from its original release date, which doesn't often happen with some companies these days.All in All i will say i'm actually looking forward to the next game to come to steam"
,Recommended,282900,15297263,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Kueryuu,11/10 fckn glorious!
,Recommended,282900,15317042,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Xafnir,This is one of the best games I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,282900,15332122,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,InfectedKitsune,"As a so-so Anime fan and avid gamer, I find myself cringing at the puns and bad jokes in this game, but in a good way."
,Recommended,282900,15369463,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Saanzan,"This game is awesome lol. The only problem I have with it is that the game does not have any complicated strategies. The main strategy I use for regular monsters is to attack, and/or heal and repeat lol. The main strategy for bosses that are tough for your current team is to first camp on the weak enemies until your exe bar is full then fight the boss and use guard breaking moves and healing until the bosses' gaurd is broken. Then use the exe skills for all the remaining active characters for the turn. Without the exe moves I could not beat one of the bosses with my current team at the time because it kept healing a crazy amount every turn lol... I got its gaurd broken and it was still at max health lol. I used as many exe moves as I could at the moment guard was broken and the boss died almost instantly lol."
,Recommended,282900,15449548,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,nyanPls,Nice game with funny characters. 10/10
76561198111588941,Recommended,282900,14339451,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Darkwolf72,"Great game, which only gets better the more you play it. If you want a JRPG that's enjoyable to play, with plenty of replayabilty then I would definitely reccommend this game to you!"
,Recommended,282900,14344536,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Xaeius,"Hyperdimension Neptunia has grown on me. At the start of the game, I was very distant and very against the whole Girl Pop Anime RPG style. But, as I started to get into it further. I could start seeing a developers passion for gaming. There are references to different video game consoles, classic games like Tetris, and to top it off the music is very well done. I do have a complaint that the dungeons have began to be rehashed. Entering a new dungeon and having that feeling I've been there before when I shouldn't have that feeling was a slight disappointment.Overall, not a bad RPG to add to the Steam Library. As Idea Factory's first published release on Steam, I say give it a chance if you are a fan of Animes, Mangas, and Japanese Culture. If you are not a fan of the three types, it's fun and worth it's value at a discounted price, thus hold off until a steam sale."
,Recommended,282900,14346739,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Devek,"If you like turn based rpgs, you can't go wrong here. Was a lot of fun, thanks for bringing this to PC!This game was designed for a controller and you really need one for it."
,Recommended,282900,14352020,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,FreeNamase,"Boobs, boobs, boobs and Flat chest.Blanc(White Heart) : SHUT UP, FLAT IS JUSTICE!!!Vert(Green Heart) : My, my, boobs are a symbol of maturity and personality of a goddess.Blanc(White Heart) : SHUT UP, YOU BIG BOOB MONSTER!!!Vert(Green Heart) : sobs* .·´¯`(>▂<)´¯`·.*Best made up conversation ever ヽ( ★ω★)ノ+ Cute girls, + Boobs, boobs, boobs and Flat chest, + More cute girls, +More and more cute girls, +More BOOBS- I don't know what's the negative part of this game. (•ิ_•ิ)?"
,Recommended,282900,14359914,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,JustNobody,"sarcastic sounding nep-nep,11/10 would buy,totaly worth it!"
76561198096718241,Recommended,282900,14376843,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Luminoch,"The gameplay is fun, The dialogue is Witty, And the characters are cute and interesting. However, I wouldn't recommend getting this game YET, as there are still PLENTY of bugs to fix, like for example, Neptune's hair texture gltiching, and becoming almost entirely Transparent... However, once bugs like these are patched, this game will be well worth the money."
76561197993743184,Recommended,282900,14382059,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,nico667 |UKCS|,日本語での字幕が欲しいんですが...
76561198040932371,Recommended,282900,14382315,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,yichizhng,"Finished it on Vita, finished re;birth2 on Vita, then saw this on Steam for half off and just had to buy (and play through) it again :DLike:Still hilarious the second (or eighth, really) time through.It's nice to see that the typoes from the Vita version have been fixed.Funny characters and plot, not just a fanservice gameMuch better frame rate and resolution than the Vita.Dislike:The controls are definitely more awkward than on the Vita, and the audio quality is a little off.The game is actually pretty hard for new players. A lot of game mechanics are not explained (for example, what ""Ignore Enemy Traits"" actually means).If you like video games, anime, and/or cute girls, go for it :D"
,Recommended,282900,14398304,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Calran,"Love the Neptunia series. I've been with it for a while now and I can still say that absolutly everything in the game is still interesting to me. The story, the artwork, and even the acual gameplay."
