user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,283160,26366384,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Chrisman01,"Re-reviewing now that it's out of Early Access.Nothing has changed other than adding an endless Challenge Mode.  The entire game takes an hour to beat, then there are two more difficulty levels per mission, so three hours total if you want to re-experience everything you already did but with tougher enemies.The physics, sound effects, music and space combat are all GREAT and it really feels like flying a fighter from Battlestar Galactica.It's fun, but sure as hell not $20 USD worth of fun.  There's just not enough here.  If the story was longer and there was more meat to the combat - you're limited to fighters - I'd say go for it.  It feels more like a demo than a game."
76561198053229455,Recommended,283160,33734919,Posted: 22 July,all,monsieur_cronkypont,"If this game were a whisky, it would be a 15-year-old single malt.After the first hour I thought I was going to regret buying it.After the second hour I was starting to make sense of things, and thought it might be OK.After 10+ hours in, this game has become something I admire and love. There is nothing else quite like it.As my understanding and skill have increased, it has become increasingly clear: this game.... THIS GAME... it is the polished, perfected, evolved essence of space combat that I originally loved in games like X-wing, Tie Fighter, Freespace & Freespace 2.I think I'm about 15 hours in now, maybe more. Having beaten every level on almost every difficulty, I'm now going through again to complete the Flagship Bounty on each. Achieving this level of completionism is something I have never wanted to do in any game before. But in this game, the level design is exceptional - each additional difficulty brings an additional level of challenge that you will sometimes need to really think about, and learn, how to overcome. Sometimes I have had to leave missions, and come back after some serious thought (or having unlocked more firepower). I've been surprised that redoing the missions hasn't felt stale - I think because the difficulty works exceptionally well at forcing new approaches, which means you are genuinely solving a different problem. (In retrospect this probably isn't as true for all missions, but for enough that it feels very special). Do yourself a favour and don't just Google when you find a mission difficult or seemingly impossible - think about it, come back later, and keep trying until you succeed. The resultant feeling of triumph is unbeatable. I treasure some of the war-stories I gained that way. They would have meant nothing if they weren't hard-won from repeated, stinging failures.One thing I really admire about the game is how well it manages to guide your improvement as a player, without feeling like it's holding your hand. When you start out (with no fleet), the objectives are generally simple, which allows you to focus on understanding your ship & its systems, the basic enemy ships, and how combat works. As your fleet increases, so does the inherent mission difficulty - requiring you to start thinking about how best to use that fleet. As difficulty increases further, you need to think laterally and develop new tactics. By the time you have beaten all the missions on easy (and unlocked everything), I would say you have only learnt 50% of what the game can teach you. Extracting the other 50% has been a wonderful plateau of consistent enjoyment for me, and it's still going. Even after 15 hours the game is still surprising me, still forcing me to try & learn different things as I approach missions with a different end-goal. I am now doing things I wouldn't have thought possible at the start.I often think back to my first hour - a confused, rookie pilot, wondering what I should be doing in this vast, pretty starfield. And I am so glad I stuck with the game for long enough that I can see & enjoy it for what it is - a true masterpiece, and the new solid-gold standard for space combat.My main wish for this game is that there were more of it - but that's not a criticism, just a genuine desire for more to learn & experience. Knowing now just how good it is, I would pay double the original price for another campaign. It is seriously that good.ADDITIONAL NOTES:- This game supports TrackIR and HOTAS, which form a huge part of my enjoyment. Being able to look around for a suitable asteroid to put between you and the Enemy Flagship is pretty handy. I use TrackIR v4 and Thrustmaster TWCS Throtle + T16000M Flight Stick. They are beautiful.- The flight model includes Drift mode, which allows you to spin around while you maintain your current trajectory. Fantastic fun & utility in dealing with capital ships in particular.- One minor criticism is that many of the unlocks are essentially useless, and the same is true for some weapons. I do wish the design made better use of the different options. There's fantastic potential there which wasn't quite fully realised. The Gap-drive is a great concept, but to make it really worthwhile there would have to be a deadly close-range weapon to justify the risk (Blunderbuss is not lethal enough). I think allowing your fighter to equip 3 unlock modules would have resulted in realising more of this potential, but probably made you overpowered. Even if only in Challenge mode, it would be fun. If only there were more, and more difficult missions! Oh well - what is provided is a true feast, so I won't complain."
,Recommended,283160,32279633,Posted: 8 June,all,Trouble,"You fly into battle, a lone, fragile fighter, against numerous enemies, many of which can one-shot you. You kill them. Feel awesome?You're not, you're garbage.You build up a fleet as you hop from assassination to assassination. It's taking longer to complete your mission, and the enemy is sending in powerful, escorted Flagships to try to mop you up before you can escape. You still make it out alive, even if the rest of your fleet didn't. Feel awesome?You're not. You're expected to survive.You beat the game at around 45 minutes to an hour if you tried to challenge yourself at all, but you know you're just getting started. You can't even have everything until you beat the missions on the third of four difficulties. And even when you do that, you know, you just know by now, that getting this far wasn't actually that hard. You've been learning and growing and you have the odds on your side.But you're still not good.Your fleet comes with three interceptors (with you flying one of them at any given time), three hardened destroyers, and a mighty frigate.But a true scourge will accept the challenge of forgoing the destroyers and the frigate. A real warrior would seek the honor of the hunt.A real warrior would also make the choice not to run when the Flagships come in, prepared to shred your little ship with stubborn homing missile salvos, guns everywhere, thick shields, and freshly spawned escorts.A real warrior would annihilate their foes.That is what playing House of the Dying Sun feels like."
,Not Recommended,283160,23442224,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,オラツ,"Honestly, I came away from this game disappointed.I'll start off with nice things. The actual second-to-second gameplay mechanics work well. The flying is probably the nicest combination of arcade-y feel and realistic movement I've ever played. The muted sounds and reduced speed during drift mode makes the game feel like you're piloting a submarine at times, which fits with the very busy environment of Homeworld-esque space. The shooting is well-done, rewarding skill while not asking too much of you and for the most part, everything is smoothed over with the calculating hand of a well-versed developer. The missions are pretty functional, the graphics are good and show an artistic flair you don't see often in sci-fi these days.Unfortunately, the game is also one of the shallowest I've ever played. You've pretty much completed the game by the time you've played the first mission and theres no expansion of what you do at all from there. You have bubble shields to get under which adds gameplay, but then you get a weapon that renders them almost meaningless. The tactical decisions you make are barely relevent and the strategic choices of what ships you have and what weapons to equip them are even worse. The bonus system is nice, but theres no reward for it. Killing escape pods is basically an annoyance that you have to do, lining up a tiny target in a submarine for no reason other then to waste a few seconds. The missions last no more then a few minutes by their very design and outright punish you for taking your time. You can beat the game in an hour, two if you screw around alot like I did. For fifteen bucks, thats a hard sell.But what bothers me, honestly, is how much potential this game squanders. I've been following this for years, and the game I was following was a quasi-roguelike space shooter with tactical elements. The promise of an open battlefield and a quick transfer, watching a powerful but slow force desperately try to deal with your precision strikes as you move about, striking weak positions and garnering the resources to build a more domineering fleet. The possibilities were endless and the theme of playing the bad guy against a greater force. Taiidani fighters against a Kharak empire.But what I got was a shell of what I expected. Instead of a castle, I got a rock so smoothed of all sharp edges that you can see your own reflection in it. I got a shallow, snack-shaped bite of a game. A Ground Zeroes from where a Phantom Pain should be. I'm a victim of my own heightened expectation, I guess. But I've never played a game so bitterly disappointing."
,Recommended,283160,23463102,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ToastedWaffles,"First off I have to note for those reading this  was an impulse buy. Saw a youtube video in my sub box and by the end of the video I was reaching for my wallet. I also do not own any VR gear so I don't have a clue of that side of things.This game does two things extremely well.Immersion:This game has immersion in ample supply, the sound design is the biggest hitter in this department. Coming out of warp, pushing thrusters to full with that muffled thrum coming from behind to the muffled sound of your auto-cannon, maneuvering thrusters  softly hissing in the background, and the snap of the torpedo launching from your fighter. They are all as you would expect being in a vacuum. To top it all off you get wardrums as your OST something akin to BattleStar Galactica. The HUD is of something from modern era fighter jets with near flat color and many geometric shapes. Watching as your shell casings whip by as you unload your auto-cannon adds to the feeling that it is real, or at least believable.Mechanics:(I highly suggest playing with a mouse and keyboard as the gamepad was not precise enough.)The interceptor controls tightly, after an hour of play maneuvering became much than just drifting past other ships. Pitching and yawing while drifting to quickly change targets became reactionary. Even though you are stuck in one type of ship it didn't get old and I can see myself spending more time flying around without getting bored. The addition of the tactical mode/command mode is extremely useful, micro managing individual ships to targets or around an asteroid to flank a ship. It gives me Homeworld feelings all over again.The stuff that needs work.The Tactical mode:While it is useful there are some functions that I find need to be there. Being able to target multiple ships with just creating a selection box, giving multiple ships the same move command, creating control groups, and special orders. I expect these things because it invokes such a Homeworld vibe and find myself asking why something isn't there to have to remind myself it isn't Homeworld.Content:This is the single biggest issue I've had while 14 missions was long enough for me to get almost five hours out of it and I'll get about three more for replay value. There are people who blew through it in just a hour. The lack of more missions is the biggest hindrance to the game. In general I just want more, more ships, more weapons, more upgrades, more abilities,just more everything.It's not hard to fix the mission part, give the community a mission and map editor then hook the game up to the workshop and bam endless missions to be had.Would I still buy it again?Oh, hell yes I would. Those few hours of content had me so focused and immersed in the game I was almost late for work today. The game is just plain fun, enough there to make you think but not too much so that there is a massive learning curve. The game strikes the proper balance. Do you want 14 missions flying around and blowing crap up with hints of a RTS? THEN BUY IT.P.S. This is my first review and I'm sorry if this is kinda a mess."
76561197960398518,Recommended,283160,31895472,Posted: 21 May,all,Senior Locos,"It isn't open world, procedurally generated, story-driven or multiplayer. The game is simple and to the point.You hop in your interceptor and slaughter your enemies.That's it. You're outnumbered, outgunned and up against traitors that overthrew the emperor.The campaign is short, but well crafted. Each mission adds new abilities or enemies to gradually increase your skills prior to the final confrontation. There are bonus objectives and multiple difficulty levels, which can drastically alter how you approach the mission. Especially at the highest difficulty where you only have interceptors and no capital ships for backup.The visuals are colorful, but simple, and provide enough visual feedback in the fast-paced dogfights. I don't have VR, so I can't comment on it. I tried it with a (Steam) controller, but reverted to using a mouse and keyboard instead since it plays exceptionally well with it. It's all personal preference though.As I mentioned, the campaign isn't all that long. Maybe 6-10 hours max if you re-do all the missions at the highest difficulty for unlocks and achievements. Beyond that there is a challenge mode that updates daily where you fight waves of enemies. So I do find some replay value in it, even if I do only pop on every other day to do the challenge mode for an hour (or less).It reminds me of the good old days of playing TIE Fighter, X-Wing or various Wing Commander games, with a bit of the modern BattleStar Galatica mixed in with the sound/music and ability to drift.I would highly reccomend it if you have that nostalgia itch that you need to scratch, or you just want a short and intense space-sim. Keep your expectations reasonable and you'll be pleased as well."
76561198034884365,Recommended,283160,23438797,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,romeo_charlie,"I followed the development of this game for years. I've never done that before. But it looked like Mike, the developer, was doing something different than all the other space games coming out these days in a good way.He delivered.This type of space game has been sorely needed. Elite Dangerous and Star Citizen are fine, but if I could put all the problems I have with those games into one word, it would be ""realism"".We need more games that focus on the *feel* of the experience and House of the Dying Sun does just that.It feels great. I was able to easily rework the controls to my preference. The sound design and the entire aesthetic are fantastic. I love the ""low poly"" look of it.The fighter feels nice and responsive, and that drift button. Oh man. That drift button...It feels like a solid spiritual successor to the excellent space fighter games of old - X-Wing and Tie Fighter.Didn't have too much time to play, but I'm anxious to get back into it.For the Emperor!"
76561197969650575,Not Recommended,283160,29874038,Posted: 12 February,all,gunner_uk2000,"At the moment there isn't enough of a game to warrent the £14.99 price tag. The combat is fun, and has echos of freespace 2 about it. Physics and controlls are excellent, as is the sound effects and radio chatter in the background which reminds me of homeworld.The problem is there is no story. At the start of the game it prints on screen that the emperor is dead, and he's final orders to you are kill the people who betrayed him. Then there are 14 missions of turn up at random point in space and kill someone, and warp away. Each of which takes around 2-5 minutes.So there is an hour of gameplay here, and a story that could've been written in a pub in less than the time it would take to drink half a pint of a mild session ipa.What most dissapointing is how great this could have been had they bothered to make a game rather than just an engine."
76561198025420145,Not Recommended,283160,23454557,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[92nd] Alexander Campbell,"The atmosphere is amazing. Ship designs are fantastic. The sound design and music are great. Watching capital ships slug it out is super cool. There's a lot to love and there's no doubt in my mind it IS a good game.However, the amount of content is lacking.You'll have a maximum of three ship types in your fleet.You remain in the same fighter throughout which can begin to feel stale.Although it technically has 42 missions (14 missions with 3 difficulties), only the hardest missions last anything over a couple of minutes.There's little to no strategic component. For the most part, you just order your capital ships at a target and they'll wipe it out.Loosing ships is of little consequence. You can have your entire fleet get wiped out and jump into the next mission with all 7 ships.I couldn't find a use for any upgrade other than the jump drive (your mileage may vary)Overall, unless you REALLY enjoy replaying the same missions, I can't imagine you'll get more than a couple hours of gametime from the whole thing in it's current state. That's not to say you won't enjoy those hours. Most of these issues would be fixed with some sort of procedural campaign with a persistent fleet and a couple fighter variants.Short version, good game but could do with more content :)"
,Recommended,283160,32366094,Posted: 12 June,all,gulegule,I'm 99% sure there's a hidden achievement that gets you recruited by the Star League to defend the frontier against Xur and the Ko-Dan armada.
76561197992408576,Recommended,283160,23652105,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mmaruda,"Ever wondered what would happen, if someone made a spiritual successor to Tie Fighter? Well this game may not be it, but so far it's the closest thing we got and it's good.The controls are great, yet simple, dogfighting in space is challenging and requires manouvering, knowing when to use missiles and when guns, all the best elements from games like Freespace 2, X-Wing and Starlancer are here.The story is also very  interesting. The original title was Enemy Starfighter, and that is what the game is about, you are the bad guy. Some lords assassinated the Emperor and you and the remnants of the Royal Guard are out for vengence, no matter what it takes. You start off in a fighter but will gradually upgrade and expand your fleet. The game rewards completing missions on higher difficulties with upgrade points, but make no mistake, you will not have enough ships on your side to complete the game on Harbinger level on the first attempt. Once you have some heavy iron, it's time to revisit those missions and complete those bonus objectives. And here lies the problem - there is a lot of replayability, but with 14 missions in total, that is all you will get.The game also has a tactival element to it as you are able to command your fighters and your capital ships, but the tactical view and it's controls are a bit hard to get used to, so you will be commanding from your fighter most of the time, though this is simpliefied.The game's story and lore is minimal, but very atmospheric with Battlestar Galctica style music, and some nods to Dune and Tie Fighter.The biggest problem with the game becomes obvious after completing the campaign - you want more and there is potential for more here. More missions, more story and lore, some cutscenes maybe - these are things that scream to be in the game. Unfortunatelly this a title made by one person, so hopes for more content are small.However, out of all the combat space sims out there, this one is probably the most fun and not disappointing at all."
,Recommended,283160,27060623,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RvengefuLobster,"Man, it's good to be evil sometimes.In an era where the space-sim is coming back to life by way of gigantic open worlds, exploration, and trading, it is refreshing to see a space game that embraces small scope and emphasizes tight combat over content sprawl.House of The Dying Sun feels like a spiritual successor to Star Wars: TIE Fighter in all of the best ways. In terms of tone, it takes the idea of being the bad-guys and runs with it. You play as the royal guard of a dead emperor. Your mission is simple: hunt down the lords who betrayed the emperor, and execute them. This simple premise is backed up by killer music, sound design, and a mission structure which will at once make you feel like an unstoppable force of interstellar destruction, while also leave you biting your nails and praying for your ship's hyperdrive to warm up juuuuuust a little faster.In terms of structure, the missions all have relatively the same idea: jump into a new system, hit your target, and bug out before reinforcements arrive. But behind that simple structure, each mission is its own puzzle that forces you to consider upgrades, target priorities, and your own role in order to accomplish the mission.The gameplay is simple to understand yet provides a shocking amount of depth. For the first few missions you'll be focused soley on your own dog-fighting. As you grow your fleet you'll find yourself frequently flipping between your cockpit and your tactical overview. You might order a group of destroyers to hit a high value you target, send your wingman to distract the enemy fighter screen, then flip back to your cockpit to bomb a target, then flip back to tactical and take control of your wingman's ship, letting the AI take control of the fighter you wer using.With all of that said, HotDS may not be everyone's cup of tea. If you are going in looking for X or Elite, you may be disappointed. But if you are looking for a solid space combat game with replayability and rock-solid design look no further!"
,Recommended,283160,23453489,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Revan,"NOTE: I'm not one of the people who has followed this game forever - I just learned about it a week or two ago, and picked it up yesterday on a whim because it looked awesome.So I played this WITHOUT VR. I don't have a VR headset *cries*. I'm sure this would only be more amazing with one.I played with both an Xbox 360 controller and a Thrustmaster T-Flight X HOTAS. The controls are extremely remappable. I played the first few levels with the Xbox 360 controller first, since there is a built in tutorial for that, and it allowed me to understand the mechanics of the game well enough to know how to map my T-Flight X. If you have both, I highly recommend playing with the Xbox controller first for 10-15 minutes to understand the game, and then remap to your HOTAS for maximum awesomeness.This game handles beautifully with a HOTAS. Love it.Pros:+ Priced correctly+ Doesn't feel like most Early Access games - this is a complete product.+ Excellent controls/handling+ Gives that TIE Fighter/X-Wing/Wing Commander vibe+ Has good replayability - I've played through some of the early missions 3 or 4 times already just because they're fun+ Good customization mechanics - there are lots of mods/options you can unlock for your ships, which changes the feeling. You can swap out armor for speed, or vice versa, or lots of other things. Various weapons that can be equipped, and each feels unique+ Each difficulty feels truly unique. There's none of that ""enemies just have more health and do more damage"" garbage on the higher difficulties. Each increase in difficulty adds new enemy groups that require new strategies to beat the level.+ Dat spaceship shotgun weapon tho+ Has a drift button to incorporate Newtonian physics, so you can continue flying one direction, but turn your ship around and fire the opposite direction of the way you're moving+ Dat drift button tho+ Great control customizability+ Works with HOTAS (used Thrustmaster T-Flight X)+ The developer is great+ The graphics look great, even though they aren't Elite: Dangerous quality or anythingCons:- Short (I have a couple missions left, but I imagine you could probably play through all the missions on easy in about 2.5  to 3 hours. Probably 1.5 to 2 hours if you completely ignored all the bonus objectives and tried to speedrun it)- Lack of objective variety (most of the missions are ""kill this target"", with a few ""defend this target"" missions mixed in.- The tactical part of the game feels lacking - its mechanics were definitely secondary to getting the dogfighting right.- Once you've built up a fleet, you start to feel pretty overpowered on the earlier missions, since you have a bunch more ships than you did when you originally flew the mission. There is no way not to bring your whole fleet with you.-  The missions feel more like a collection of training scenario simulations rather than a cohesive storyRating: 8.5/10Overall, this is a great game, created by a great developer (I think it's just one guy). This is the type of guy that I wish had AAA resources and funding, because considering how stellar this game turned out with him working on it alone, I can only imagine what he could accomplish given the resources. I recommend you buy this game not only because it's great, but because the developer deserves to be supported.Also, in the extremely unlikely event that the developer actually reads this review - I would DEFINITELY buy a ""Mission Pack"" DLC with additional missions, especially if you added new types of objectives to them, or longer missions with chains of objectives."
,Recommended,283160,23444097,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Master Delgado,Homeworld meets the old Lucas Arts X-Wing games with the Battlestar Galactica OST in the background.WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE!
76561198056796902,Recommended,283160,26280496,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,jimothy,"This is a beautifully done quality-over-quantity game, and you get your money's worth.There's enough in the way of a campaign and single player challenges to keep you occupied for a while, and when you're ready to move on, there's Challenge Mode, and that gives you a new scenario every day.Furthermore, aside from the music (which is great in its own right, and I'm totally buying the soundtrack when it comes out), all the aspects of the game have been designed, developed, and finely tuned over a long period of time by one person.House of the Dying Sun is a labor of love. Respect that, if anything."
76561197963806999,Not Recommended,283160,23545179,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SeraphymC,"This is a really hard review for me to write, because I have followed this game so long, and it comes so close to what I wanted.House of the Dying Sun is an incredibly atmospheric space shooter with great handling, perfect sound, and satisfying combat, but it is crippled by a stagnant campaign that is over in 3-5 hours, with limited replayability.I believe the problem is one of perfection. Everything in House of the Dying Sun is honed to razor edged perfection. Anything that wasn't perfect was left behind. And in the end, this relentless polish has left the game hollow.While a living universe may not have always been thrilling, it would have been much more engaging; sometimes you need the quiet moments to punctuate the chaos. A randomized universe requires on the fly thinking. The on rails campaign pushes one or two ""correct"" strategies.I wanted the promised campaign of marauder tactics behind enemy lines, of probing defenses and running before the enemy can retaliate. Of making horrible decisions and living with the consequences. Of lurking in the dark and determining my time to strike.Instead we got an arcade shooter."
,Recommended,283160,32227256,Posted: 6 June,all,IrrepresibleForce,"I've followed this game since it first appeared on the intarwebz and the level of polish Mike Tipul has put on this is insane.The controls are incredibly fluid, predictable, and stable, and the soundscape is fantastic. Radio chatter, mechanical grinding as hardpoints are deployed, and quiet bleeps and bloops are interspersed with the heaving chunking of cannons and the grind of weapons reloading. Shell casings fly off into zero g as your weapons fire, and heavy starships leave great arcing streaks behind them in the blackness.Dropping out of supercruise into nebulous clouds to launch a surprise strike on a capital ship is a feeling that will never get old. You deploy hardpoints as your missiles lock on with a light tone. Now your heavy cannons come into play, a thick chunkachunkachunka you can feel vibrate your ship / controller. Brass flies into space as you draw a bead on a light fighter shrieking towards you. You engage drift and track him as he zips past you, then re-engage thrusters as your machine guns reload, sending sprays of gas highlighted against the blue galaxy in front of you. He disappears in a technicolor explosion and your auto-turrets handle the remains of his escape pod. You arc back around towards the capital ship, pulling your ship into the tightest maneuver possible, and let loose with every weapon on your ship, missiles whooshing, cannons chunking, machine guns rattling. You hear your wingman announce his engagement with another light fighter and see him break off as you turn your attention back towards the hulk in front of you. Buy this. Now.Despite the limited number of missions, the polish and experience Marauder has put on this game is obsessive, and it shows. Worth your money."
,Recommended,283160,28661658,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rmz,"House of the Dying Sun is a space dogfighting game where you, and sometimes your AI squadmates, hunt the enemies of the dead Emperor.First thing first, the game is short. You can complete all missions in more or less 2 hrs, but the space fights are very fun and the game is meant to be played several times. The story is almost non-existant, hunt the enemies of the Empire and bring ruin to their people. That's it. Then it's just a string of missions, where you have to destroy something or protect something. Missions are short and usually last 2-3mins. Each mission has 4 difficulty levels, additionally there is a challenge mode where you take on waves of enemies.I'd say the game is short but sweet, because the flying in space shooting stuff feels very well done. The graphics are not super top notch, but the game is quite nice to look at. All in all if you like shooting in space thisHouse of the Dying Sun is definitely worth a try.I liked:* shooting in space* graphicsI disliked:* lack of full fledged campaignBuy it if:* you want to shoot things in spaceDon't buy it if:* you don't like to replay levels* you expect elite-like space gameHouse of the Dying Sun does one thing only, dogfights in space, but it does that rather well. Worth a buy."
76561198034245749,Recommended,283160,23512080,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,jonnyp2002,"Ok, so I have yet to actually play past the tutorial. What this is, more or less, is a review of the developers. The level of support here is fantastic. Less than an hour after posting in the forum, I was emailing directly with a Dev, who very quickly helped me find a work around for a bug. This kind of customer support along is worth a recommendation. These people really care about their product and their customers."
76561197963749745,Recommended,283160,26439717,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KidQuamen,"For the price, you get extremely satisfying space combat with an amazing aesthetic. This game nails the feeling of being a hit and run ace pilot out to massacre your enemies. You don't get a ton of filler or story, but I feel the price reflects this. I have yet to play a game since Freespace 2 that feels this good. I would love more content, and I hope the developer has more planned. As far as I'm concerned this is THE space COMBAT experience to beat right now.Avenge the Emperor."
,Recommended,283160,28151357,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RyanH,"Basically, EVE: Valkyrie.But better."
,Recommended,283160,24922126,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Zaku,"A lot of games have claimed to be successors to golden age space sims, but none of them have lived up to their hype.  Strike Suit Zero wound up being an unpolished mess, Elite Dangerous is Space Trucking Sim with combat as an afterthought, and who knows what will happen with Star Citizen.HOTDS feels like a mashup between Freespace and Colony Wars.  Gameplay is tight and simple enough to be bound to a gamepad or HOTAS, but still has depth in its physics model and tactical command.  The physics feel right and include a full Newtonian mode for breaking Luftbury Circles.  The music, voice acting, and sound effects all fit together seamlessly.  Ship classes are easy to tell apart and aesthetically pleasing.  My only real criticism is that there's not enough of it; the campaign is disappointingly short (~2-3 hours), but the challenge mode is fun and single missions should be patched in eventually.If you liked classic space sims, HOTDS will scratch that itch better than anything else on the market, even though its scale might not warrant a $20 price tag."
,Recommended,283160,30253489,Posted: 28 February,all,GM,This is not a space sim. This is not a long sandbox game. This is not a wealth/fleet building simulation. This is not a complex space game.This is a fast arcade shooter with strategic elements. And it does it darn right.
,Recommended,283160,23481369,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BRING GUNS,Awesome Homeworld aesthetic + Freespace gameplay. I've been waiting for something like this for a long time!Not a very long game though so I REALLY hope he adds a mission editor and/or some free/cheap DLC.
,Recommended,283160,24448792,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Hobodactyl,"I waffled for quite a bit on whether to buy this or not, but I finally caved and tried it out. I have fond memories of the Wing Commander series from when I was younger, but otherwise I've never really been able to get into space sims, although I always want to like them. I recently got some decent flight joysticks from a second-hand shop, so I downloaded a few space sims to test them out, and remembered seeing early development on Enemy Starfighter (now House of the Dying Sun). I didn't really enjoy the ""big"" space sims like the X Rebirth demo, so I figured I'd splurge and try out HotDS.HotDS is the first space sim since Wing Commander that I've really enjoyed, and I found myself laughing out loud with glee as I hunted down the Traitor Lords. It is short, but for me that's actually a bonus, as it's long enough to enjoy without having to dedicate my life to it to finish the game. For a bit more than the price of a 3D movie you're going to have an unforgettable experience. I can see how people that are used to the classic space sim games where you can be a trader, play for 200 hours and not reach the end, etc. would find this disappointing, but I am a fan of short, sweet experiences that are memorable. I highly recommend it, especially if you loved the vibe of Homeworld's setting."
,Recommended,283160,26638441,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Lem,"Short version - It's like Freespace 2 and Homeworld had a cute little baby.I was very excited about this game since it was called Enemy Starfighter, and I'm just so pleased that for once this is a game I've been excited about that I haven't felt slightly let down by.It's a tight, focused, dogfighting space sim with some nice light tactical elements. There isn't a huge amount here in terms of ships, loadouts, weapons but what is here has been clearly carefully considered and honed.I completed the main ""campaign"" in a couple of hours, going back over the missions to get the achievements, but I'm hooked on the Challenge mode. The campaign is fairly light, but the story does its job and as a result the campaign doesn't outstay it's welcome.Some might not like the slightly ""chunky"" graphics, but as a massive fan of Homeworld it hits all the right notes and I think it looks amazing. I would love to try it with VR, especially in the tactical mode.I can't even remember if there was music (sorry to the composer), but the sound design is perfect. It rounds off a neat package that feels complete.Only negative comment I can think of is I didn't find the default control bindings for the gamepad intuitive, but thankfully the game let's you change that (I went for the same control scheme as Ace Combat, that worked fine)"
,Recommended,283160,26362401,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Timbrewolf,"If you fondly remember games like TIE Fighter, or Wing Commander you need this game.Also just plain great in VR, whether space combat is your cup of tea or not.Appended:  I should say that I agree with some other reviews that the story content is kinda short.  It's about movie-length in terms of how long it'll take you to complete it the first time though.I disagree that once you've finished the story the game has nothing left to offer, or that it's not worth the asking price of a mere $20.  If you're a completionist there's a lot of stuff to go back in for, and the endless mode is just pure starfighter bliss.If this game had no story mode at all and was just the endless mode I would still think it was $20 well spent, but I'm also admittedly a huge space combat buff so I may be a bit biased."
,Recommended,283160,32476544,Posted: 16 June,all,[AKA] Svælther,"One of those game that doesn't do much but does it very well.Pretty good solo space-fighter game, yet simple enough to play on a pad or KB+M.Soundtrack by Olivier Zuccaro, who also worked on E.Y.E Divine Cybermancy."
,Recommended,283160,31758047,Posted: 14 May,all,Lofa,"Played v1.04 to 100% completion, ~10 hours.House of the Dying Sun is a simple but enjoyable Battlestar Galatica-esque space fighter game with a little bit of fleet tactics. The main game is fairly short (2-3 hours max) but each mission has multiple difficulties that allow you to unlock different weapons and abilities.The unique mechanics are the fleet commands, where you can direct your support ships and other fighters, and the ability to take direct command of any fighter. Switching between fighters allows you to pull of coordinated attacks on the enemy fleet and is the only way of completing the later missions!"
76561198078876836,Recommended,283160,23543576,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Crustache Ride,"Only game I've played so far in VR that doesn't feel like a tech demo. It's short but fun beyond the ""Oooh, different sized objects"" norm of other current VR trappings, which for me was enough. Also, a lot of polish for an early access."
,Recommended,283160,23859273,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Spawn,"This is by far my favorite game for VR right now. It took me 3.5 hours to beat, but I will be going back through and replaying. It is a tight space fighting sim with the option to run everything from a ""commanders"" position and strategically watch it play out while watching from above. Or you can take action by jumping in one of your combat ships. The only downside I have on this game is I wish i could pilot the larger ships in your fleet. All in all, I recommend greatly."
,Recommended,283160,27270775,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wolfy Sama,"This game is short, but that doesn't mean it's not good.I didn't know about this game when it went under the name ""Enemy starfighter"" so I don't know how much it changed from its original design, but I still enjoy it.If I could make one complaint I wish it had a coop mode for the endurance mode, a 3 person team of fighters would be very fun and would mean the difficulty could be ramped up."
,Recommended,283160,23446320,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,JDB,"Beat it in about 7 hours on hardest difficulty and all bonus objectives pretty much 100% completion.Left me only wanting more.Unlike most early access games it felt like a polished game, it hardly feels early access until you get to the length of it. It is forgivable since it feels like more time was spent polishing than trying to stretch the game out.It's refreshing to have played an actual game for once rather than some kind of sandbox open world multiplayer resource crafting etc etc. The enjoyment lies entirely within playing the game.Theres reasons why these types are a dying breed of games but I like them."
76561198017010735,Recommended,283160,26449358,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,clutz97,"This is by far the best space sim of the decade.  Lot of complaints about how little content there is - and I guess that a concern if you value quantity over quality.  If you want a game that has 200 hours of dull, grinding gameplay, go play some Elite Dangerous.  Have fun carting around cargo from star system to star system, if that's what does it for you.  Maybe after 300 hours you can even afford a decent ship.This game is not overprised.  They've focused on stellar gameplay instead of sprawling content.  It's not a game that tries to annoy you into DLC purchases, like EVERY OTHER SPACE SIM out there right now.  No, you can't pay an extra fifty dollars for the spiffy boa-constrictor ship so you can easily annihilate all your friends online.  The game is what it is, and it was made to be as fun as possible.  No fluff, no load times (seriously, none at all), no monotonous jumping from cookie cutter system to cookie cutter system.  It's 100% action.HotDS takes all the best gameplay elements of Freespace, Xwing, and Wing Commander and squeezes it into a few heart-pounding missions.  The controls are amazing - imagine drifting past a carrier as you drop a salvo of dumbfire torpedoes, then blink-driving across the battlefield just before you get slammed by a volley of missiles.  Each mission is short by design, if you haven't taken out your target in five minutes, you're in for a world of hurt as reinforcements come in.  Replaying a difficult mission 10 times doesn't feel like suffering - there's no load times, so when all your interceptors die, you go right back into the action.If you like space sims from the golden era of space sims, this one is a must buy.  It took me 5 hours to three star all the missions, but I think it's going to take that much time again to beat all the missions on the bonus difficulty.  I'm going to enjoy every minute.If you don't like dogfighting but would rather play space trader, then go buy elite dangerous.  If you're into exploring, consider No Man's Sky."
76561197977106434,Recommended,283160,28457165,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,DR Bong,"Seriously. Buy this game. The weapons and upgrades are awsome. The ability to switch between cockpit and overview real time is amazing. Closest thing comparable to it is ""out of Ammo"" where you can switch between commander top down view and individual soldiers pov.Great soundtrack too.Works awsome with 360 controller, and flightsticks."
76561198040016496,Recommended,283160,26366243,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Skeletor,"A very short game unfortunately (4 hours or so/maybe even less depending on how much you want to focus on challenges), but very polished. The art/graphics feels epic especially for an indie title. The gameplay is satisfying. The game allows for some replayability of different styles, and challenges. Fighting individualy is tense and exciting, but pulling out to oversee the whole battle is a fun and needed respite to organize your fleet amidst the heat of dogfighting. The aspect that pleased me the most was the sound design. It is extremely immersive in its authenticity, or what I would imagine to be authentic for space battles. From every shot and explosion, the thrusters at your tail, to the wonderful beeps and boops of your ships; it's all just fantastic.The only negative side to it is the short length and perhaps lack of variety in the missions. Though each mission has great maps/arenas for you to approach in different ways; the objectives themselves are all pretty much the same.I highly recommend this game (especially for space sim fans) even with the price tag.Final thought: I wish I had a VR headset to experience this with."
,Recommended,283160,23608134,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ajax,"This game is tons of fun and the developer has a great sense of what things make a game like this fun and what things do not. The developer is very active and definitely responds to feedback. I don't buy early access games at all, but I bought this one and I don't regret it at all.I mainly play in VR but it's fun on a screen as well. Recommended either way."
76561198036355271,Recommended,283160,30846914,Posted: 30 March,all,Echo,"This game is short, but that is really my only complaint about this game. It was fun all the way through. The missions are simple, but engaging. The story is also simple and to the point. This may be the only game I try to finish everything in."
76561197977801768,Recommended,283160,23619638,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Prof.FartSparkles,"Awesome game.A bit short, but very well done, especially for an early-access. Works smooth as butter with Oculus + XBone controller."
76561198119557058,Recommended,283160,34475579,Posted: 25 August,all,Dragonfang-9,probably the best space fight game out there.Ive looked through a lot of starfighter games from star wars to star fox and this one seems to have everything that the rest are missing.the story is short but fun and running through on higher dificulties adds that little push to it that makes the missions fun to play over and over again.looking forward to seeing if they keep up and give us some more content to go through because this game has so much potential.it really is a hidden gem here on steam.just wish there was more content for 20$.
76561197960988751,Recommended,283160,25085708,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jarmustard,Holy cow I'm blown away.Playing it without VR at first made me appreciate the sleek visual design and modern gameplay tweaks to a classic genre.  It knows excatly what it wants to be and executes it brilliantly.  Then I put on a Vive headset and it's like a childhood dream come true.
76561198040654274,Recommended,283160,32418579,Posted: 14 June,all,Alex_Aitman,"Just finished the main campaign in VR and thought it was fantastic.  The controls are simple but allow for A LOT of nuance and skill develobment.  I started out barely able to tail an enemy fighter, and ended up able to drift turn after a high velocity burn while strafe firing on enemy capital ships.  I started out feeling like being caught in a missile lock was an unshakeable death sentence, but ended up leading missile tails back into the enemy.Also, I have to say that VR is not just 'fun' or 'immersive' for a title like this.  Being able to track an enemy fighter by staring over my shoulder while pulling my fighter around was essential.  I tried playing this once without VR, and I felt pratically crippled not having full range of vision around my cockpit.Anyone looking for a good VR title with a lengthy campaign and tons of objectives, unlockables, difficulties, etc, this is it. I'm already looking forward to going back and completing missions on the higher difficulties."
76561198063663213,Recommended,283160,32693610,Posted: 23 June,all,Firesteel,"A throwback to days long passed, combat is sharp, fluid, and adds just enough additional realism to create a worthy successor to the likes of Freespace and the like. You aren't going to find the variety or length of those games from the 90s but there's still enough variety and plenty of tactical depth to make every mission unique enough. The well told, if short, story adds a welcome philosophical injection and some wonderful (and necessary) context and the ending's chilling for something so simple.If you miss the likes of Freespace, X-Wing/TIE Fighter, or Wing Commander, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,283160,33754162,Posted: 23 July,all,Jaxium,"It may be kind of short, but the gameplay is fantastic and being able to order big ships around to annihilate everything before you is very satisfying. I'd definitely recommend it on VR."
,Recommended,283160,28909935,Posted: 1 January,all,Palleon,"I really enjoyed this game, it's all the good things about the dead space shooter genre, but packed into a few minutes at a time. As I have gotten older and had kids, I don't have the time to sit down for hours to play games anymore, this is the perfect game to pick up and play in a short burst. The gameplay itself is fun, you unlock a number of upgrades that I haven't had a ton of time to play around with yet, and an ever growing fleet lets you avenge the Emperor in increasingly violent ways. My only regret was that it's a pretty short game, I wish there was a bit more, but I'd rather have a short, focused game where the creator obviously put a lot of time and thought into each setpiece then a game that has hours of filler just for the sake of saying it's x number of hours."
76561198007432032,Recommended,283160,23527732,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Sam,"Aye, so it’s a bit short but it is so very, very sweet.A bell tolls. The emperor’s dead. And you’ve to avenge him.That’s the slick and stripped down premise for this space combat game, casting you in the role of the galaxy’s deadliest assassin, piloting an imposing starship seemingly made of pointed blades. There are echoes of Star Wars TIE Fighter but House of the Dying Sun really doubles down on making you feel the like the ultimate villain.You’re alone at the start of your vengeful quest but you’re armed with the most deadly vessel in existence, so naturally it’s time to put it to use, hunting down the “traitorous lords” who killed your emperor. After a brief but helpful tutorial you’re set loose on your targets, a galaxy map giving you a few missions to choose and later the option to replay those completed, perhaps on harder difficulties or to complete bonus objectives.Each mission is hand crafted but most follow the routine of giving you a target to assassinate, albeit with varying obstacles between you and your enemy. Not just a variety of enemy vessels but also asteroids and the blinding light of a nearby sun. Each one is a short but intense hit and run, as you have to try and take out your target before the imminent arrival of the massive enemy flagship, prompting the helpful message on your display “Traitor Flagship Arrived: You are Out-gunned”. If you’ve taken out your target, that message means its time to high tail it out of there and get to the extraction point before you’re turned into space dust.You will end up replaying missions. Not only are they tough and it’ll take a few attempts to tidy up those bonus objectives, to upgrade your ships you need the currency provided in greater amounts by higher difficulties. There’s also a handful of weapons and load-outs on offer, that really change your targets and can be swapped out before each mission, allowing you to tailor your tactics appropriately. Hell, you’ll replay them because they’re immensely enjoyable.As you progress, your fleet expands with different vessels, of varying sizes. First, small interceptors like yourself and soon Frigates, imposing as they warp into each mission, a dark silhouette against the fiery nebula.More than just accompanying you into each fight, they can be given orders. Simple ones are available in a radial menu whilst you fly your ship but a tactical view lets you issue movement orders. It’s not that complex but just enough to make each mission a more challenging and thoughtful affair, encouraging you to actually think about what the task will require. Initially I didn’t really touch these options but as my fleet grew and the missions grew bigger in scale, dozens of vessels clashing, co-ordinating your allies to support your attacks became vital. Certainly it adds to the Homeworld like look and feel of the game, giving you some minor RTS elements whilst fulfilling the fantasy of Battlestar Gallactica-esque dog fights.And oh boy does it deliver on this fantasy. There’s been a resurgence in space sims and such in the past few years, with a variety of approaches but in terms of sheer excitement and feel, House of the Dying Sun is the best I’ve played.It looks the business first and foremost; a sharp minimalist style, distinct, colourful ships and weaponry against a dazzling universe that’s tremendous scale lends to the stakes of the story. Homeworld has been an obvious influence here but the unique perspective of House of the Dying Sun really makes it its own. The sound is a real treat too, whether it’s the muted gunfire rattling your cockpit, the fuzzy warning transmissions from your allies or the beeps of your targeting system, it’s all extremely functional and informative whilst designed to keep you alert, invested in each twist of the fight.But it is the feel of it that keeps me wanting to play. The sheer sense of speed and momentum goes beyond anything else I’ve played in the genre. There’s no strafing, you can only move forward but are permitted to aim in a different direction from the one you’re moving by “drifting”, switching off your engines and letting your velocity carry your ship past a target whilst you twist round to land a perfect shot.And the weapons are great, all distinct and useful in different ways. My favourite ended up being the sniper-like cannon, giving you only a few rounds before requiring to reload but letting you line up targets from a considerable distance as you moved in. The surgical like precision of it really played into the sense of being the most dangerous star-fighter in the whole galaxy. Yes, it really is that nerdy a delight.You’ve only a few systems and weapons to worry about at any moment (much simpler than Elite Dangerous whose ships are endlessly configurable) but the simplicity allows it to focus on making each beat in a fight matter, making your options always clear and allowing you to just get swept up in the intensity of it all.So again, yes, the game is short but it’s so intense I’ve no idea how the game (developed by just one clearly talented fellow) could sustain itself over a longer campaign without a considerably larger budget. The way it perpetually escalates, your fleet slowly growing, your challenges becoming near suicide runs. How it teases you throughout, having you flee upon the arrival of the Flagship, building up to a fateful stand-off with the massive starship. All for one terrific final mission that plays the fantasy of being this wrathful assassin out to its most extreme and ending on a surprisingly somber note for an otherwise bombastic adventure.It lacks in content compared with some of its peers in the genre but House of the Dying Sun excels precisely because of its sharp focus on a handful of small but important things, offering an experience that’s near breathless in its pace. If you haven’t heard of it and fancy living out those Battlestar or Star Wars fantasies of the perfect space dogfight then I suggest checking it out if you can.Though it’s still only in Early Access, it’s as polished as any finished title I’ve played and it’s another perfect title in a year packed with focused, razor sharp games."
,Recommended,283160,26723367,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Gumpin,"This is a solid space fighter game. Good visuals, but not to heavy on the detail. Reminds me of Homeworld 2 before it got remastered.Pros-Good challenge, but not a choreGood length, not to short and not to longThe, instantly try again when you fail, is very nice. No menu shuffling.The challenge mode actually gets challenging.Cons-Stuck in a fighter, wish I could fight in one of the capital ships.Limited selection of weapons and upgrades. I spent the entire game using the starting gun, the starting heavy missile, and the lock on missiles for shields. I also never took shield upgrade off my ships, and once i got a flak drone it never went off the ships.Room for improvement-More variety of weapons ships and fighters would be nice.Less accurate ""big"" guns. Getting sniped at long range by destroyer's anti-capital guns is kinda lame.Traitor flagships can be completely defanged while enemy carriers and frigates can't."
76561198011564954,Recommended,283160,32386617,Posted: 13 June,all,Whistle,"It's one of the awe inspiring games where you can't help but marvel at the beauty, the gameplay, the story, the sound, by god the sound..."
,Recommended,283160,34248071,Posted: 14 August,all,niv,a must for VR owners. the dev is super chill too!
,Recommended,283160,32828075,Posted: 26 June,all,nexen,"Very good space combat game, but light on content. VR works very well."
76561198291085109,Recommended,283160,29802093,Posted: 9 February,all,SNK,"Very good and well suited to short, quick VR gaming.  Best game on the Oculus so far and highly rcomended.  Actually prefer this is to Eve Valkyrie on my PSVR.  In fact, the Oculus doesn't make me feel as mostion sick as the PSVR.  The cockpit design on House is very good and there is no lag or frame drop of the GTX 980Ti.  Fast and fun."
76561197995647432,Recommended,283160,23502107,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Chip Warrior,Best space combat game since Freespace 2
,Recommended,283160,25306045,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,hrcnfloyd,"I'm still getting to know House of the Dying Sun but the time I've spent in the cockpit so far has been immersive, engaging, and fun. I highly recommend you remap controls and make adjustments as you go. Getting the inputs to feel just right is important to feeling like you are flying and dog-fighting fluidly.I'm four missions into the campaign and love how atmospheric the game is. The radio chatter, the muted buzz of the auto cannon, the color full gaseous star fields in the background, even the warp-in sequence at beginning of each mission just looks and feels epic.If you are a fan of space dog-fighting games you can't go wrong with this early access title."
,Recommended,283160,23640480,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,FearMuss,"It is obvious this game was made with love for the genre.Great little space game mixing the best parts of old school space-sim with some tactical depth. The design decision to remove strafing means the game is perfectly built to suit a gamepad without feeling gimped. The feel of the flight model is great, the action is explosive and frenetic, especially when your fleet carves its way through to a target.The game and its missions are short but sweet. At times I wish there were some longer missions so you could savour the design and atmosphere. Here is hoping the developer can use what they have learned in this game to achieve their original vision of a Mount and Blade type open world and procedural campaign.The lore is limited but good in that kind of Dark Souls way. I'm a little peeved on how short the campaign is, but it has left me wanting more--I will probably replay quite a bit.This game is great for more mature gamers with less time, you can jump in and smash a few missions out when you get the time and feel pretty satisfied.Not once did I notice that this game was Early Access, no problems, bugs or glitches."
,Recommended,283160,29048530,Posted: 5 January,all,SecretCylonParty,"This game manages to modernize the space dogfighting that has languished since the days of TIE Fighter. It's fast, it's fun, and well worth trying out."
,Recommended,283160,23550562,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,PapaKarlo,"This game is great. Very fun and dynamic action-focused space-shooter. Beautiful and atmospheric with very responsive controls (both gamepad and mouse-keyboard).Although, this isn't first impressions review. Those ~8 hours that I got on a clock is a complete experience. Full campaign couple of times, all unlockables, all achievements and a little revisiting of some missions. There is a wave-mode planned, but I doubt it'll bring much in term of replayability.If shortness of this game doesn't scare you, than you about to receive an extremely fun space game, that doesn't broad itself to open-worlds, economics and other worldbuilding stuff any other space-sim is buried itself under.Start a mission, kill a target, kill bonus targets, warp away, unlock some upgrades, repeat. You'll unlock some new weapons, increase you fleet size, pick some upgrades for it and rush in to the fray again.Flying is awesome, controls responsive, enemies are challenging and diverse enough, missions are fun and interesting, sound design is on-point, and I wanted to play again and again.Which I did and probably will do some more."
,Recommended,283160,31062586,Posted: 10 April,all,Cable,Great combination of Homeworld and Freespace. Also superb in VR.
,Recommended,283160,31049959,Posted: 9 April,all,Talltrea,"So im going to start by stating i am probably going to counter several other reviews,  Do i care?  not really,  and yes i did read several before getting the game.This game is a game thats ment to be completed 100% There is alot there as the game is ment to be replayed atleast 6 times,  (thats right multiple endings) I personally found plenty of story their for this short game that explained several mechanics that out right confused me as to why they existed i would love to spell it out for every one but to do that would spoil the very last ending which is well worth getting your self.The game is very FreeSpace like but instead of managing every ship that you will fly with you give them an overall lay out,  this allows you to jump from one ship to another with out having to stop and check your weapons to see which style you will be playing.EVERY THING CAN DIE! Thats right,  if you are good enough at the game you can kill literally every thing,  including your own ships or that big bad boss that shows up at the end of every level.  It honistly shocked me to look at the global stats of the game to see that very few people managed to do such a thing when its so easy once you have the right formula.Pilot or tactical view?  I played both,  there are some instances like a bombing run that its better for the player to do it instead of the AI as unguided bombs are certaintly not a robots strength.  There are also time were keeping your eyes on every thing will help you catch those kamakazi fighters that are about to slam into your capital class ships.  Sure there are perks to doing it one way or the other and i certaintly did not use the tatical as much as i could.  But based off of others i have seen play this game,  i used it more to keep a check on my surroundings so i knew what was happening.Fighters only?  Yes!  Why?  its explained in the story,  for me to tell you would simply ruin it.  I personally believe the game would of been ruined had they permitted you to fly the capitals.  The AI is not overly dumb,  some time it screws up but look at it this way your human.  you screw up just as bad or worse some times.You can be a kamakazi fighter.  3 words.  THIS IS GLORIOUS!  I have not had alot of fun with deaths,  even in games where death will push you on,  i hate it.   But i have never felt so satisfied when i died,   simply removing a road block with that one options makes it great,  i dont need to live to win the game.  Oh,  and escape pods wont kill you if you decide to cleave through them in your ship,  it was pretty funny.All in all this is a great game to me;Would i recomend it for the impatient?  No.Would i recomend it for the easily angered?  No.Would i recomend it for those who do not posses higher thought?  No.How ever if you dont meet those three no's then by all means get it!  (when its on sale or something :P)I personally got it on sale for 12 USD  My rule of thumb is if i spend an hour per a USD and meet or exceed that the game is potentially good and considering i have almost exceeded that end completed every achivement i find it well worth the buy.Now for some of the negitives comments/tips to be aware of that i have read,This game is unbeatable - This game is a bit of a puzzle game.  The wrong upgrades WILL GET YOU KILLED.  There is no way around it,  you have to be flexible to play the game correctly.Some weapons will one - two shot kill you -  Learn to dodge.  there is nothing more to it.You can not be every where at once - This is a lie,  use tatical.  every fighter is you,  you can be in all of them at any point in time.There is nothing more then three difficulty levels - actually there are four.  and each one changes how the game plays almost entirely.  cant go guns blazing when every thing is designed to kill you at certaint ranges.Last note from me, 10/10 would complete again.Thanks!"
,Recommended,283160,23442118,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MegaMek,"A space combat game in the same vein of classics like Starlancer, Tie Fighter and so on. You take on missions of increasing difficulty, unlocking new weapons and perks for your ship and fleet as the campaign goes on. Combat is fast and unrelentingly brutal.Are you a bad enough pilot to bring ruin to the traitor lords?"
76561197991736778,Recommended,283160,23441989,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Rootin' Tootin' Johnny,"I bought this game on a whim after seeing a few minutes of gameplay footage on YouTube and haven't been disappointed so far. I've been playing on a laptop with an Xbox One controller.Pros:- Beautiful art style. Not too simplistic and not too detailed, just the right balance to make it distinctive without being too minimalist- Runs very smoothly for an early access game. I'm playing on an Aorus X7V2 and get >40fps at all times on 'high' settings- Flight controls are smooth. The ship goes exactly where you want it and the imput just feels, well, good, once you figure out the control scheme (more on that in the cons)- Audio is very satisfying. Though some of the voiceovers seem to be a bit lacking in quality the sound effects and music are wonderful and really pull you into the game.- Clean, simple UI is very easy to navigate with either controller or mouse and has very few issues that I've found.- the pseudo-RTS aspect of the game is really cool. It's easy to control but not so easy that you feel like commanding your fleet makes no difference in the battles. I've restarted encounters several times because I've botched fleet instructions. Which leads into...- Difficulty. Holy **** is this game challenging. Even on the lowest difficulty it took me several tries to finish missions. You can very easily get into situations that will end your mission nearly immediately if you don't pay attention. That said, the game rewards learning strategies and good fleet management.Cons:- Controls can feel a little awkward at first. The default gamepad controls are, by and large, not at all like a traditional 6-axis space game. I still find myself flubbing buttons because of the unorthodox layout and some things really can't be changed enough to fix this.- Minor UI issues can be frustrating. Switching between ships in the tactical view almost feels like guessing sometimes and you find yourself bouncing around different targets a bit before getting the one you want. Some menus can be unintuitive to get between. It's also very easy to accidentally send your ships to a different target in the radial menu if you aren't careful.- I find navigating can be difficult without zooming to the tactical view. The radar and HUD pips just don't seem to be where I expect them sometimes, coming from someone who's used to a system like Elite's.Overall this game was money well spent for $20. With more refinement and content added it's a no-brainer for fans of casual and hardcore space combat games."
76561197977283056,Recommended,283160,30651748,Posted: 21 March,all,Yore Gawd,"If you want ""Top Gun"" in space then this is your game. It's a straight forward space combat sim. Growing up with games like Starlancer, Wing Commander, Freespace and Descent this game definitely scratches that itch. It does one thing incredibly well. Battles can get really intense but it's super fun. If you have a flight stick the game is even better.Super fun, super fast and super worth your time. It's been awhile since I played a game in this genre with such a great pick-up-and-play aspect and it's lovely to see. If you grew up with combat sims this one is definitely one to check out."
,Recommended,283160,28028613,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ERock,"Oh my!  If you have a VR rig, put this game on your must have list."
,Recommended,283160,23665870,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kithara,"If you like dogfighting in space and have a VR headset, this game is for you!The action is fast, it's easy to get into (comparable with the action in the old X-Wing/TIE-Fighter games) and it has a developer with dedication to his project and its community (he has some experience since he has worked for Bungie before, and it shows).The art direction is also great and reminds of Homeworld. There's even some tactical component where you can command the friendly units in a Homeworld-like view but it's not too deep.The only downside is that it has no multiplayer mode, but it is worth the money."
,Recommended,283160,30710306,Posted: 24 March,all,McSpanky,"TL;DR - If you are a fan of classic space fighter games, I recommend picking this up when it's on sale. Great combat fun. Solid short missions. Too few for full price.Bite-size Freespace/Wing Commander missions. With a bit of Homeworld tactics thrown in. And some Battlestar Galactica mood sprinkled on top. Yes please!The action is a lot of fun. Classic space fighter combat. On top of that, you have a tactical command map similar to space RTS games like Homeworld. Issue orders directly to friendly ships. Great feature, and necessary to succeed at higher difficulties.The missions are very short. Like somebody took a full mission and cropped it to just the best fight. No build-up fights, no filler. Some may be disappointed, but I like it. Great for nights where I don't have a lot of time to play. Or I need to kill some time waiting for something else.It is a bit sad there are so few missions, given their length. I am glad changing the difficulty changes the ships you face, thus changing the battle (for example, I went from dogfighting a corvette to bombing a missile-throwing frigate for the same mission). And there is an optional boss-like ship at the end of each. But still, there is no getting around that this title could use more missions.The story is minimalist. There's no lengthy exposition or even dialogue really. But it does what it needs to and sets the mood. The Emperor is dead. Hunt the Traitor Lords. Bring Ruin to Their People. What else do you need to know?Overall I really like this game. I got it at full price and I think I am getting my money's worth; it fits my tastes and my schedule nicely. But recommending it to friends, I have to suggest waiting for a sale. We expect more content for $20, especially when there are no plans for future stuff."
,Recommended,283160,23452330,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,1anc3,"Great game! A mix of X-Wing/Tie FIghter/Wing Commander/Elite (1st person cockpit space combat sim) with a space RTS element reminiscent of Homeworld. Stylized minimal graphics, smooth intuitive controls (using a Steam controller with default setup) and excellent immersion on the Vive. Only a limited number of missions so far, but enough to keep you busy for this price, and with the promise of further development, this game should be a frontrunner in the new media landscape of VR gaming."
76561197975367717,Not Recommended,283160,26362178,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bender,"Pretty good game, very little content."
76561198067251264,Recommended,283160,23484478,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Zachev,"This is a great game. I love the art style, the sound effects, and the combat. My only complaint is that I played through the game in its entirety in less than 3 hours. (Including all difficulties and achievements.) I experienced 0 crashes and I didn't notice any major bugs either.That being said, if you are looking for something with a similar feel but want a longer game, Void Destroyer is fairly similar but much longer. (It doesn't have vive/rift support, which I have to commend this game for despite me not being able to take advantage of it.)All in all, don't buy this game if $20 isn't expendable enough to you for ~2 hours of gameplay. I'm a big space nerd, so this was really a no brainer, and I rather enjoyed it.Looking forward to any future updates for this game, or titles from this developer."
76561197970550574,Recommended,283160,30426449,Posted: 10 March,all,Jonofwrath,Glorious.Combines Homeworld with Tie-Fighter.
,Recommended,283160,28992727,Posted: 3 January,all,Androo,"House of the Dying Sun is surpisingly fun, but is just a tad short in length.The music with sound effects and muted gun fire combined the flight mechanics actually remind me of battlestar galatica.It doesn't have AAA graphics, but it's not necessary.It has single player campaign with 10-15 or so missions, each can be completed in 4-10 minutes each. With each completed mission you unlock customizations to your fighter configuration and your accompanying frigates/destroyers. There is also a time trial mode.You can play in cockpit view of a single fighter or control the whole battle from an eagle eye tactical view and switch between the two seemlessly.Wish there was multiplayer and more persistance."
76561198073462382,Recommended,283160,23802929,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ImChrisJamesBitch,this game is amazing. especially in the visuals. i was hesitant about getting it but on the summer sale i picked it up and i love it. the sound is good. only gripe i have is the difficulty. i felt like later on i hit a wall and couldnt get passed certain levels without going back and redoing earlier levels on harder settings to unlock better ship perks. but all in all i enjoy this game and showing it off to my friends. kudos to the dev building this game. keep it up
76561198058638791,Recommended,283160,33732354,Posted: 22 July,all,thethomasgeorge,Fantastically designed and executed. Especially good if you're a fan of the homeworld aesthetic.
,Recommended,283160,26395200,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Twitch,"This game is very short, but it's excellent. There's maybe six hours of content before you've exhausted everything, and there aren't really any large engagements (your fleet is limited to 7 ships) but the upside is that the small fighters are never useless and you get to spend the whole game drifting around like Starbuck.If you liked the X-wing or TIE fighter games from the 90s, give this a shot."
76561197972183032,Recommended,283160,29816277,Posted: 9 February,all,omahaniley,"Playing in VR with a flight stick is pretty amazing. Love the quick missions with optional bonus objectives to test yourself. Im not a huge fan of the low poly look but it probably was neceassry for the game to run well in VR, so its a small price to pay for some otherwise pretty graphics. The music (loud tribal drum banging) adds alot of intesity and really adds to the feeling of being an uncomprimising tool for the destruction of the Empire's enemies. Definately recommend especially if you have a flight stick and a Vive.PS: at this time it says flight stick support is hit and miss. Im using a Thrustmaster T.16000M on Windows 10 and its working great!"
,Recommended,283160,23542590,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,RealityRift,I really like the graphic style and combat is fun. Definitely one of the worthy VR purchases for me.
76561197960753308,Recommended,283160,23454947,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Pithlit,"Very awesome, thematic space shooter.Have not finished the game yet but played around 6-7 missions, some on higher difficulty.Looks and feels very solid, nice stylish graphics and good controls.Sounds go into a ""realistic"" territory where outside sounds are almost non existant and the main things you hear is your won breathing, comm chatter and the vibrations of your weapons as you fire them.There is good music though to keep you entertained, the game is by no means quiet.I´d give it an 8.5/10  great game for an indie title and an easy pickup for anyone that likes space games."
,Recommended,283160,26396802,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ssthalar,"A relatively short, but very satisfying game.Wonderful soundtrack."
76561198032325631,Not Recommended,283160,30060669,Posted: 20 February,all,Sinophile,"I found this game a tad disappointing due to it's length and lack of narrative.  All in all this game feels more like an early access than a complete game. All the levels are rather uniform in design, a few asteroids here and there, and a smattering of things to blow up.  It's like they combined the worst concepts of Wing Commander and Star Fox into one game(E.G. lack of variety, lack of open world). If you want a good space sim, go for Galaxy on Fire, Star Point Gemini, or pretty much any other space sim on Steam."
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,283160,30232619,Posted: 27 February,all,CastIronBoomstick,"It was about 30 minutes into my playthrough that I noticed I had already completed 6 of the 14 missions.This game is a masterclass in seeming without being. The hook in the trailer makes you think you're in for this rich narrative about vengeance and the death of an Emperor, but the reality sinks in pretty quickly that this game is just an engine and a few ship designs strung together with less than three pages of text.This game is a waste of money, and more importantly, a waste of an awesome title that should have been used on a cooler game.Its a totally competent space combat sim, and nothing else in any way."
,Recommended,283160,23461829,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Why485,"Enemy Starfighter, now named House of the Dying Sun, has finally be released on Steam Early Access!It’s a bit overwhelming at first because there’s a lot of little controls and things to keep track of, but after a few missions you start to get the hang of it.The core combat feels awesome, and the visual and sound design is very strong. Everything has a muted and bass heavy sound because that’s obviously what space really sounds like and it feels great. The combat is a lot faster than I was expecting, so you need to stay on top of it. It's a very colorful game with a colorful depiction of space.The map mode is essential as it gives you a paused overview of the map and allows you to order ships around in a simplified Homeworld-style interface. At the start of each mission the game begins paused in this mode, which allows you to plot out a simple plan of attack for your fleet. It’s really satisfying when a mission goes exactly as planned and you take minimal losses while completing both your primary and secondary objective.While the core mechanics and gameplay loop are all there and feel great, the game is very light on content. There’s only 14 missions, with each taking about 5 minutes to complete, often less if you’re quick and don’t go for the bonus objectives. The game heavily encourages replaying the missions with its multiple difficulty systems and unlock system, but it’s hard to get around the fact that there’s so few missions.Speaking of the unlocks, each class of ship (interceptor, destroyer, frigate) has its own set of unlocks and weapons. However, you can only equip 2 upgrades at a time, so you’re encouraged to swap out upgrades depending on the mission you’re playing and the play style you prefer. It’s pretty fun to try weird combinations and trying to make them work, and when you get something that works well (such as flak drones in a mission with a torpedo flinging carrier), it feels great. As the game continues through early access, there are supposed to be more weapons and upgrades added.It’s worth mentioning that before the game gets released in full, “a custom wave-clear mode” is planned to be added. Similar to how Strike Suit Infinity capitalized on Strike Suit Zero’s excellent gameplay and then made a spin-off around that, I think HODS will benefit greatly from a similar wave-attack mode.I’m hoping that more game modes get added over time, because the core gameplay and the style of the game are both fantastic. It’s an action packed space sim with a fantastic foundation and very satisfying moment to moment gameplay, but potentially lacking in content in the long run."
76561198007438629,Recommended,283160,23832902,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Simon the Digger,"""House of the Dying Sun"" is a really nice game. The space-fights feel good, and the graphic and design is very fancy. The storyline is alright, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but one should know what to expect.There is also a VR-Mode, which I didn't use, because of missing hardware.As I said before, ""House of the Dying Sun"" is a fun game to play, but is a very short game. It took me only three hours to beat the game in medium difficulty. The missions aren't really hard (there was only one mission a little harder than the others, and that wasn't even the final one..).Still, I rate this game positive, but one should be aware, that it only takes up 3-4 hours to beat the game, and if you are willing to pay 20€ for this game (especially without the VR hardware) is a decision you have to make on your own.The game is still in ""Early Access"", so it is likely that there will be more modes  or Mod-Support in the future."
,Recommended,283160,26524674,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Para Wolf,"I got this game a week ago and just kinda stored it for a bit - the description of the game wasn't that great, in that it didn't really explain that you will end up controlling a fleet in strategic battles from a command overlay.  (Really, if you don't give them commands, you are going to lose - you can't just stay in your cockpit the whole time).  At the time I was simply buying up a bunch of VR games to build my library.I finally sat down and gave it a try, expecting to be ""cool."" and move on to one of my other games.  Hours later I almost forgot to pick up my kids from school...This game has it all.  Get fully into the action with cockpit view dogfighting (here's where the Vive really makes this game great), or be master of the battlefield and direct your troops to perform a variety of tasks.  Switch back and forth as much as you need.Couple minor improvements I'd like to see:The vessel selection in overview mode is a bit janky.  Would be great if there was a simple ""focus on the ship I'm looking at"" button.AI ships are pretty dumb when it comes to friendly fire - the will fire heavy weapons with a friendly in the path, or fly into a heavy weapon.  They also collide a lot....  way too much actually.  I've lost countless fighters because they simply ran into each other."
76561198003552620,Recommended,283160,28586650,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[PoE] confrication,"Since the line on this is ""one hour of gameplay"" to keep it honest I'm reviewing it at 118 minutes.  That 118 minutes so far has been genuinely excellent and worth every cent, even if this was all there was to it and I was finished with it.  Which I'm not, even.:P"
76561197971251434,Recommended,283160,28719882,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[MST] Zaphnod,"I *LOVE* this game.  Love love love.I played X-Wing vs TIE Fighter, the original Wing Commander series... lots of space sims.  Loved them, particularly XvT.  This is the first modern game I've played that brought me back to those glory days.Just like XWing, the game is built around tightly scripted and laid out battles.  Skill matters.  Tactics and priortizing targets matters hugely.  You play a battle, barely scrape a win at easy, then go back after getting a new gun or unlocking new allies, and try it again.  You learn how to assign teammates to targets, which weapons load-outs work best against which targets...  it's RICH.Love the flavor text, love the UI.  Game is gorgeous.  It's just flawless.  Don't sweat the game length, it's a perfectly formed gem of a game.  Well worth the price of a movie ticket or a pair of lattes.  I'm 3 hours in, and about half-way done with the main campaign.  I'm just starting to have the weapons, tactics and allies needed to go back and win on medium and hard difficulties.  So fun."
76561197960296553,Recommended,283160,23542337,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[2XS]Nomad,I played the game with the HTC Vive - this is what I`ve been waiting for since I play videogames. It is an absolute must have for Vive owners!
,Recommended,283160,34984921,Posted: 15 September,all,TheArchDukeDave,"A little short on content, and the content that's there is a bit repetitive. I mean, it's fun to shoot ships in varying configurations and across different levels, but some more variety in objectives would be nice. Game is extremely short if you're not the type to play through a game multiple times on different difficulties, ~2 hours at most. I beat it in just over 2 and did replay several levels.I've got my fingers crossed for either additional levels, or opening the game up for the workshop to fill the void. I realize that last one is no small amount of work, though.If you're absolutely starved for great space combat, it's worth a buy. If it's on sale it'll be a no-brainer."
,Recommended,283160,23485860,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,WizardOfMars,"Dying Sun is a really polished and fun game. Considering that it is still in Early Access, I was impressed. It's like the space combat child of Elite:Dangerous and Project StarBlade from my arcade days. Just perfect for a quick fix of space combat when I am not in the mood for the long haul and complexity of Elite or hardcore sims. And it looks absolutely gorgeous in VR!"
,Not Recommended,283160,23462029,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,BoneDaddy,"If you're a fan of space dogfighting games or any of the homeworld games.  This is for you.Great musicGreat atmosphereGreat sound designI love how everything is just muffled and the only voice you hear are the radio chatter that occurs in the background.  Graphics are pretty.  Love the art style, it will definitely remind you of Homeworld (if you've played it).Biggest downside.  Not a whole lot of content, just finished the game in 2 hours.  Each missions are too short.  Fleet build up is small (three destroyers, three fighters, and one frigate).  There's no sense of ""loss"" when you lose a ship, because it just refills in the next mission.  I was hoping for something like xcom or battlefleet gothic armada where between missions you can build ships, upgrade, or recruit.The flying in this game is done very well.   Love the drift feature.  The cockpit design looks great too.However, with very little content it has right now.  I do not recommend it.  I was planning on refunding this game actually, but decided to keep it since I might be surprised in the future with some new mode, I was also following development of this when it was still called, Enemy Starfighter.  Remember its in early access.  But even then other Early Access games had more features when you play them.for now.  I do not recommend it.  In the future I might change this review and see what happens."
,Recommended,283160,23470149,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[TMC]Quicksilver6,"House of The Dying Sun is a short, sweet space sim in the style of a quicker, simpler Tie Fighter. There's little downtime, missions can be restarted quickly, controls are very simple and have no special keys involved, and you never get bogged down in any complicaitons.The controls are very simple, and don't require any special commands or fiddling with the function keys. Keyboard hand is throttle, orders, and switching weapons, mouse hand is firing, flying and targeting. You eventually unlock other fighters and capships, but you never leave your interceptor.  You can edit the loadouts of all of your ships, including the capitals, which usually makes or breaks your attempts to succeed.The weapons selection is rather sparse. 2 main weapons, 3 secondaries, 1 special for fighters, just the mains and secondaries for cap ships. That said, changing weapons makes a huge difference in your effectiveness and needs to be considered based on the mission. Some weapons are hopeless against shields, others don't penetrate hull or capship armor well. You can also select 2 perks for each class, from simple armor and shield upgrades to sentry robot hacking and mini-warp jumps. These have to be unlocked, though, and aren't immediately available.The missions are short, sweet, and replayable at several difficulty levels. They don't have the downtime of older games where you had to accelerate time for long stretches at a time- missions rarely last more than 5-10 minutes win or lose, and can be quickly restarted if you're unhappy with something. I know we all hate comparisons, but think more Hotline Miami rather than IL-2. Short, quick, easily replayable and easy to change your loadout and strategy if you're struggling.You can choose to replay any mission at any time, and you usually have a choice of missions you can pick. The briefings are short text explaining your main and bonus objectives. The main objective is the bare minimum you need to unlock more missions. The Bonus objective unlocks Favor, the game's currency, which unlocks more perks for your ship. Currently I would say the game is a bit too easy, especially once you unlock all your escorts and weapons. That said, Hard  mode with no shields is quite a rush.Overall, a simple, but excellently crafted game that doesn't get bogged down with unnecessary complications. No downtime, just action."
76561198047355527,Recommended,283160,23478508,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Delicious Man X,"All right...I've been watching this game in developement since 2012. It's been hyped to hell for me, but despite that, the game meets even my highest expectations.  Alot of the developer's original ideas for the main campain were scrapped in favor of a much more straight-forward, stream-lined experience.  Despite not getting the exact same game I had hoped for such a long time ago, I got something equally as spectacular.  The missions are quite short, but that doesn't take away from how much fun the space combat is.  You pilot a quick-striking TIE intercepter-like space fighter.  You don't have a lot of armor or any doomsday devices on your craft, so a lot of the engagements you get into wind up being short, albeit thrilling. You have to get in, strike hard, and jump back out before the enemy calls for reinforcements.  As you play through the campain, you start unlocking weapons and ship mods while also building up a small fleet, providing you with more firepower that you can take back to previous missions, allowing you to unlock more rewards on higher difficulties.  The ship mods actually give the game a lot of depth while the fleet-building mechanics give the game a suprising amount of replay value.  On top of solid gameplay, the visuals are simple but delightful while the audio is completely sublime.  Friendly units chatter over the coms, giving them a suprising amount of life. Weapon sounds are muted and muffled by the vacuum of space, similar to what you might hear in the new Battlestar Galactica TV series.  Speaking of Battlestar Galactica, the TV show's music composer Bear Mccreary even lends a hand to the music production, offering his trademark heavy percussion tunes which triumphantly punctuate each space battle.It's a good game.  If you want to play some super intense, fast-paced space battles, look no further and give it a go.Also, since this game is in early access, expect to encounter a bug or two. If you notice one, take the opening screen's advice and report them to the email displayed on screen.  Mike Tipul is really good at responding to those.  I found a problem with remapping controller inputs, reported it to the email, and got an email response within the day saying to download the update, he just fixed it.  He's a dediacted developer, and I'm glad for that.  I hope to see more games from him sometime in the near future."
,Recommended,283160,23480384,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BioMan998,"Beat in a few hours, started going back over at the higher difficulties to unlock different loadouts. Gameplay is solid for combat, and the tactical view has great potential. Interesting story if you're willing to do some reading as well, read through the CODEX after beating the campain.It also runs well when in combat, save for a moment I won't spoil, and that is amazing for my POS computer to do. But the menus lag considerably for my part. No idea why, YMMV. In short: get it if you want something to keep you busy awhile, it just needs MORE. Replayability is limited to your willingness to try missions with different playstyles."
,Recommended,283160,23479625,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,jinkusu,"I've only played the first mission and I've already decided this is the best VR game I've ever played.  The immersion is there.  The difficulty levels were really helpful to figure out what I was doing.  I just kept tackling the first one over and over until I cleared it on hard with the default loadout.  That's what desperation feels like -- cap ship coming in 8 seconds to nuke your sorry butt and your windshield is cracked from enemy fire.  You're desperately trying to find that escape pod before that happens.  10/10, would buy again."
76561198312980523,Recommended,283160,25219334,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ivanclassic08,"Excellent game, amazingly well executed. Only problem is it's so short, I want more.... The story is haunting, theres not a lot of introduction or text, it's archaic on purpose and only those who beat it [multiple times on multiple difficulties] well get the full story as a reward for being bad♥♥♥♥♥ It excelled at everything it attempted."
76561198046849117,Recommended,283160,30253829,Posted: 28 February,all,Cash Cab,"Overall, a solid VR space game with. The game itself is extremely fun to play and has some unique mechanics such as building your fleet. It controls very well and is probably my favorite space sim game in VR. My only complaint is the length. The ""campaign"" is very short and lacks a meaningful story. There is some replayability with misson difficulties and the endless mode. In the end, I believe it's a must have if you are interested in space sims. On the other hand, if you are looking for a long story-driven campaign look elsewhere."
76561198032640699,Recommended,283160,25590884,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Metallic Force,"Incredible game, lots of fun, I was very immersed. You get hooked when your hull is at 20% and that lock on becomes a do or die situation.I wish there was a hell of alot more than 13 missions... I ran right throught them.The game should be harder.I feel like difficulty in the later missions flatlines after getting the destroyers and frigate."
76561197994315857,Recommended,283160,33965214,Posted: 1 August,all,General Malaise,"Oh how I wish this game were longer. I could spend hours and hours flying through these missions. I just wish there were more! The graphics are much more compelling than the comparisons to x-wing and tie fighter and the design is very well done. You can buzz through all the difficulty levels in 8 hours or less, but it is a blast to do!"
,Recommended,283160,26022726,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,RageJ 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"An absolutely wonderful little game with its flaws.Some of the most satisfying space dog fighting action and the tactical overview adds just enough to mix things up.I had no problem setting up my HOTAS (thrustmaster t.flight x). Controlling fighter feels fantastic and the upgrades you can get to mix up the outfitting of your fleet are a really neat thing to play with and you can find some hilarious combinations (like suicide bomber ships).The big downside is that the game is short, like super short. If you just want to play through the missions once you'll probably finish in under 3 hours. However if you really wanna milk it and 100% the game you can probalby spend closer to 10 hours, the daily challenge mode is always there and each day it generates a slightly different surivial mode (really the only difference i noticed was that one day the second wave was horrifying and felt impossible and the next day i was able to clear through wave 9 no problem).Difficulty is a little bit weird, it either feels like you're either breezing through things or getting plucked out of the sky in an instant. Only one mission outside of the challenge mode really gave me trouble and that was only when I was trying to do the bonus objective on harbinger.The other flaw is that despite having all these unique load out options you're not really able to find much in the way combos that feel useful without feeling gimmicky, since you can't mix and match primary and secondary weapons.All things considered though the visuals, gameplay and the sound design are some of the best i've encountered and it made for an absolutely wonderful gameplay experience.Highly recommendable to anyone who is interested in the genre."
76561197999057238,Recommended,283160,30021371,Posted: 18 February,all,LordSutter,"Playing this game in my Vive using a Steam controller and loving it.I'm not too familiar with space sims or shooters, so was recommended this as something more on the action side of things, rather than the sim side.Super fun being the bad guy: jumping in and out of systems for targeted assassinations.The graphics are gorgeous: the ships look real and solid without getting into too much detail or overdoiing the poly count. The blooming and particle effects adding enough eye candy to keep things looking good and make the combat satisfying.I think I'm about 1/2 way through the missions (having done only a few bonus challanges) and the game is getting difficult, I'm having to think and plan my attacks now, as well as kit out my small force properly for the mission. The learning curve has been working well and it all feels right."
,Recommended,283160,23541999,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[OTG] Mikes,"Absolutely fantastic.For anyone who liked the space games of old, like Freespace 1/2, X-Wing/Tie Fighter etc, this really is a must buy.Perfect gameplay, minimalistic story, but with some very clever writing along the way.It's short yes, .... but damn, give me a short game as awesome as this ANYTIME.I don't know how long it's been that I had a game that I wanted to replay again after already finishing it two times (Warlord & Harbinger difficulty), but this definitely makes me want to. It's just that good/fun. :-)"
76561198014516114,Recommended,283160,23560365,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,TripleAce,"Right now im confident to say that this is the best seated space shooter for the Vive. It ahs an excelent mix of shooting and fighting with a nice sprinkle of stratergy and planing. The UI, Story, Graphics, Length are a solid 9/10 for a early access game. In my oppinion the price is just right. There isnt enough content to justify 60 USD but there is a full fledge game that is worthy of the price tag it has (20 USD)."
,Recommended,283160,23441567,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Amadrias,"Short story, I've been following Mike's work on this game for years now and I can tell he didn't spend his time effortless.I played it for one hour only but everything is where you would expect it to be: Clean, Clear and Clever.The game is polished and shouldn't be ashamed at all for showing up in an early access stage.And that's the great news actually! With such a quality state, I can't wait to see what he comes up next for full release!No worries: well spent money!"
,Recommended,283160,27125283,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,J0kk3 - 尤克,"Currently the best VR experience. Very basic game, fun and challenging!Always wanted to sit in a cockpit and look around with my head."
76561198085759774,Recommended,283160,34071588,Posted: 6 August,all,FlaviusBelisarius,"Thought it was a pretty decent game, pretty straightforward and simple as far as fly ship, kill ships, complete bonus objective(if you're feeling frisky), warp out. They spiced it up with a few customization options between missions too, literally a few. It does remind me of the old school fighter sims, which I think is exactly what it set out to do. As of right now I think $20 is a bit steep since I prob won't play more than a couple of hours more on some challenges and maybe a playthrough on a harder difficulty, yeah there's barely a couple hours to the main missions, but this could change totally if I pick up a VR headset for PC, which I imagine this game would excel on. However if you're like me and lore plays a significant role in your video games, its worth mentioning the setting,story, theme, ambience, etc to me was really cool and fascinating, (conciousness shifting guardian called the dragon that awakes to crush rebellions within a starfaring empire is pretty sweet) would really love to see it elaborated on."
76561198054080390,Recommended,283160,26174422,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ZbuffeR,"Nice VR space fighting game. I am playing with the Oculus Rift.Visual style reminds me of Homeworld, gameplay reminds me of the old X-Wing dos games.And the lore is somewhat like Dune, of course :)Finishing the game in easy mode seem quite easy, but the other difficulty levels are much more challenging.The upgrades and extra ships added along the story are a good way to evolve the playing style, make stragetic choices, and battles get more epic !I prefer playing this game rather than EVE Valkyrie (which is somewhat of a boring online grindfest)"
,Recommended,283160,34248730,Posted: 14 August,all,Draegos,"Just about the best pure space-flight sim you can find for VR right now.  Lovers of X-Wing or Wing Commander will feel right at home here.Minimal story, which is the way you should do this kind of game if you ask me.  You fly as a pilot in the ""Royal Guard"" for a Dune-esque space dynasty that's just been toppled, and you and your fellow guardsmen are trying to pull the pieces together and take revenge on the traitors who brought down your regime.  Perfunctory stuff but it's different from the kind of setup typical to these sorts of games, at the same time, and deserves credit for that alone.  Space-flight games don't really lend themselves well to grandiose plots and severe character development; every time someone has tried to characterize the pilot of a space-flight game (Wing Commander 3 and 4, X-Wing Alliance, and Terminus are good examples), the game winds up dragged down for it and you feel like the cutscenes and character fluff are getting in the way of the actual game.  Playing a faceless nameless pilot just seems to work better in this kind of game, as TIE Fighter and Freespace both proved, and keeps the focus on the action.Fantastic controls, they're very intuitive once you get used to them.  Despite having pages of remapable controls, it doesn't overcomplicate and keeps things simple so that the focus is on the action and not the interface (if only games like Elite Dangerous could claim the same...).  It handles more like X-Wing than anything else, but there is a ""Drift"" ability that lets you preserve inertia in one direction while turning your fighter in a different direction.  Besides that, it's as wonderfully 1990's arcade'y as a space sim can get.  The method for cycling your weapons is simple and easy to do on the fly.  There's a merit-based unlock system for better gear, but it's not just earning a gun that does more damage: different weapons for the same slot have completely different uses, and totally change your strategy for a given mission.  NOTE that this game doesn't seem to support using the Oculus Touch controllers (or the Vive controllers either, I'd assume), so you either need a dedicated joystick or be willing to flying on mouse-and-keyboard. Not sure what’s up with that; the Oculus Touch controllers with their dual analog thumbsticks and eight buttons are just suited to this game as an Xbox gamepad or dedicated joystick are.Graphics are minimal in the same way the original Homeworld's were, and also beautiful and fun to just stare at for the very same reason.  Don't expect a lot of super-colorful nebulae or extraneous eye-candy, but the starfields, ships, asteroids, and space stations are all fun to just stare at.  The virtual cockpit is exquisitely rendered, with gages and displays for stuff like damage and targeting that are conveniently-but-not-obtrusively placed.  Explosions are visceral and satisfying, and flashy effects for things like warp drive are used sparingly with a “less is more” approach obviously in play.  The result is a very strong and unique visual style that also happily takes some of the stress of your GPU, squeezing those precious few extra frames per second out of it.The game’s also very short, though.  It’s obviously intended to give you full value through its replayable missions with different difficulties.  After you beat a mission at one difficulty setting, you can go back at any time and replay it, adjusting to one of the higher challenge levels for better rewards and ranking points.  You use these points to purchase better weapons and equipment for your fighter as you go, which makes replaying these missions useful rather than just time-wasting fluff.  But at the same time I think instead of just a starfighter-ized level grind, a meatier campaign would have been a much more satisfying way to pad out the play-time of this game.  No mission editor and no mention anywhere that I could find of plans to include one at any point in the future.So it’s not a perfect game.  The execution of its gameplay and story setting are pretty much perfect, but there are a couple of niggling details that a lot of people aren’t going to like.  This game was a labor of love for a very, very small dev team, and they clearly focused on delivering the best, tightest experience possible in the few missions they offer rather than diluting the whole experience with more numerous but less engaging missions.  As someone who cut his teeth on X-Wing for DOS, I recommend this game whole-heartedly.  It captures the essence of space flight shooters for VR masterfully and I was relieved to discover it.  Support this game, folks.  We need more cockpit games for VR!"
76561198014740975,Recommended,283160,31959015,Posted: 25 May,all,larsen,I love this game. It shows the potential of VR in a powerful way.
,Recommended,283160,29658183,Posted: 2 February,all,Plaxinov,"Short but sweet, a great deal of replay value if you fancy trying the higher difficulties of missions.The setting and atmosphere of the game easily stands out as the foremost aspect. From the simplistic but vivid color schemes, rudimentary but striking ship models, and jarringly good sound design, it hits just about every single note that a proper space combat game should.The mix of pseudo-RTS elements atop the base flight model offers a great deal of minutiae in how one carries out the missions, and certain side-objectives will only be made possible by utilizing the correct equipment set on top of flying almost perfectly to accomplish it. This said, the Executor Interceptors that the player pilots are exceedingly capable of handling themselves and accompanying capital ships eventually obtained serve only to augment the primary fighter wing under the player's governance. This title handles exceedingly well on a mouse and keyboard arrangement, and at no point was I left wanting for better or more accessible controls.10/10"
76561198026187763,Recommended,283160,33027833,Posted: 30 June,all,Pazbee,"If you're a fan of Space-Sims/Flight-Sims (especially Ace Combat), you're gonna LOVE this game. But if you're not a fan of the genre, or you're only interested in beating the game on the easiest difficulty within an hour and complaining about how short it is (Like a lot of negative reviewers did), then don't buy it. Unless it's on sale, then you might want to get it.This game hits the nail when it comes to dog-fighting in space. The sounds (or the lack of sounds within the vacuum of space) are pleasing, the radio chatter fits very well, and the mechanics make the game very fun and easy to play. It may be lacking a little when it comes to the story, but it definitely makes up for it with sheer gameplay.Although it says it doesn't support flight sticks, you can still use them (and it's VERY effectively). I used my old HORI 2 Flight Stick that I got with the Ace Combat 5 Bundle on the PS2 more than 10 years ago. With a couple of dedicated minutes rebinding the controls within the settings menu and testing them out in-game, I was able to efficiently use all aspects of my flight stick. Aside from how easy it makes the game using a flight stick, it also makes it twice as fun (for me at least). Nothing beats zooming near and enemy flagship, full throttle, and then drifting around it to shoot out the bridge.TL;DR Good game, worth it if it's on sale. If not, then only if your REALLY enjoy Space-Sims/Flight-Sims (Or want a good game to use with your flight stick)."
76561197977255754,Recommended,283160,34089631,Posted: 7 August,all,Sarah,"Played with steam controller on rift and it was amazing, recommend 9/10 for once I wish there were more maps and repetition. Please buy and support the developer."
76561198056098802,Recommended,283160,26275057,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Piter.Devries,A goddamn masterpiece. I've been waiting since Freespace 2 for something like this. Thanks!
,Recommended,283160,26370096,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,generalpie,"Dunno why all these people are claiming the game is short.If you play on anything but the hardest the game is pretty much a cakewalk, but if you play on the hardest you will get more than your moneys worth.Shying away from simulating every rock in an asteroid belt, trying to entice me into space stock exchanges, forcing me on long tedious journies to make tedious cash, the game throws you right into the wetwork of an galactic uprising. Combat feels fantastic and the little details truly make it wonderful. From the tiny plinks of your machine guns shells tapping your glass, to the dull thud of a torpedo hitting a critical component on the enemy frigate you will immersed full well into your tiny fighter.Did I mention the atmosphere? Its absolutely fantastic. From the tone of the mission briefings to the introductions before the fight begins and the war drums blasting as the enemy flagship warps in everything meshes beautifully to really make the world come alive. Gameplay is fun as well and avoided frustrating me on most of the missions.If you want a real space shooter, not a space-truck sim, then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,283160,23538503,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[STG] Razorin Faust,"Firstly, I must say it broke my heart to give it a negative review.I followed this game for more than a year, but mostly on the premise of open-ended randomly generated space skirmish.Lately the developer decided to change that into 14 hand crafted mission. And I fully respect this decision, especially after playing all of them in the 3 difficulty settings.It took me 5 hours to complete the game, do mind that I spend the last 3 months playing the hell out of Freespace 2 mods on hard difficulty wich mean that I was more than ready to handle the challenge.5 hours of a very good experience, with fast pacing combat, subsystem destruction and multiple configuration option.But knowing that there will almost nothing else added upon release, I feel empty and disapointed.HOTDS Is a excellent, well polished and precisely designed 20€ demo. Done by one man alone.Would mods and user made campaign be in the pipeline, it would have been a positive review.TL;DR : Awesome game, awfully short."
,Not Recommended,283160,28689842,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Matras,"Alright this is a though one.I must say I really like the game. I played the entire thing with the HTC Vive and it looks amazing, the HUD is perfect for VR and gosh the emerssion ist astonishing.Also in regards to the not VR components:The controls are trully amazing (with a xBox controller)Fighting is tons of fun especially due to driftingThe sound/music is really well done (you get a lot notifications sounds when you are in fireing range for example which is good)Nice little loadout system its fine but not that big (you can switch 2 perks, 2 main weapons and one heavy weapon on your      playable ship fewer on the capital ships)So far it sounds fantastic, but now the reason why I don't recommend this game (YET)It is too short for the price tag. I played it rather relaxed, did some missions again on harder difficulty and had a playtime of 2 hours. This is too short in my opinionThere is so much missed potenital, you as a player can only pilot one ship, but there are already a lot more playersized ships in the game.Also I feel like this game could use the implementation of the steam workshop for custom missions/ships (playable capital ships?).CONCLUSION TIME:Buy this game if it is on a like 30% discount or if you don't mind the money. Its a really good game especially for VR.PLEASE ADD WORKSHOP DEVS! I NEED THIS!ALSO:REALLY IMPORTANTADD WORKSHOPREALLY IMPORTANT"
,Recommended,283160,29110693,Posted: 8 January,all,Anderson,"A very nice game that consists of several set space battles where you control a small fleet and with the option of directly piloting one ship (fighter/interceptor class). It's a bit on the short side but you can always replay all the missions on different difficult levels that actually change them a little bit.The graphics are well done and definitely have a lot of style, game runs pretty smooth and the gameplay is enjoyable.I've played the whole game in VR (Oculus Rift) and had zero problems. You can tell that the devs put some real effort into the VR mode which is a big thumbs up on my book."
,Recommended,283160,23483246,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Olivaw,"A short, compact, efficient, fantastically gorgeous and beautifully playing space shooter. Missions are short, quick, and throw you right into the action--great for folks who only have a few minutes to exterminate the Emperor's enemies. The worldbuilding is top notch and pitch-perfect in tone. It's only a few hours long, but that it leaves you desperately wanting more is a compliment of the highest order.I am very impressed and extremely interested in what the developer does next. Whether it's DLC, an expansion, a sequel, or something entirely new, I'll be buying it day one."
,Recommended,283160,23475465,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,happydan,"This game might be short (if you blast through the quick, intense missions just to complete) but it's utterly engrossing, and leaves you wanting more. From the visuals to the sound design, the game cleverly wraps you up in a zealot starfighter working for the bad guys and launches you into the fray. My only criticism (if you call it that) is that I can see so much potential in expanding the game, from small 1v1 or 2v2 multiplayer modes to co-op, more ships and unlocks, and plenty more missions. I want more of this game, or at least the promise of more down the line."
76561197964036171,Recommended,283160,23476447,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,reborn,"I own just about every VR game for the Vive and there are only a few games I really look forward to playing and get fully immersed in. I own Elite Dangerous with X52, but this game is soo much fun with a 360 controller that I keep coming back to this one, because it is so easy just to pick up and play. I recommend this game, Audiosheild, Virtual Desktop and Hover Junkers as games that make we want to keep putting on the headset."
,Recommended,283160,25052112,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BrontosaurChris,"Bottom Line Up Front: Reminiscent of TIE Fighter and Homeworld, this is a great game. The missions are really short, but the atmosphere is great and really makes you feel like you're fighting a guerilla war of revenge against remnants of a successful (?) coup d'etat. I have about 3 hours into the game now and am halfway through on easy, but I fully plan on playing through again on the more difficult settings. It feels a bit light on content for $20, so I hope more is added later. Overall, it scratches the space combat itch I had after being severely disappointed by No Man's Sky.Pros:- Great artstyle, beautiful graphics- Extremely smooth performance and seamless video settings changes- Steam Link friendly- Drift mode is fun and useful (hard to master though)- Sound design is greatCons:- Missions are very short and somewhat repetitive- Giving orders to your fleet should include more options and isn't consitent between the D-Pad options and the tactical viewNeutral:- No fine tuning for speed controls (with a controller at least) by default (would be nice to have a match-speed option)- Would be nice to have power allocation controls to increase shield recharge, engine speed, or weapon damage and balance between them"
,Recommended,283160,23476759,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Inconsolable,"Early access? On sale? I'm surprised. This game makes me excited about the future of VR. It is clear that this has been perfectly crafted for the medium, and everything feels so responsive and satisfying. Tons of content with stylish graphics, varied missions, a great progression system, passable story, and no motion sickness. I strongly recommend this one in its current form."
,Recommended,283160,24244122,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,citenx,"I normally don't review games, but I had to. If you liked the original StarFox and/or Tie Fighter, imagine what would happen if those were made today by indie devs. It's an action space sim with unlocks. It's fabulous.The only cons in my mind are some stutters and the campaign is too short. Please devs, more DLC. You'll have my money for sure."
76561198028478986,Recommended,283160,31449792,Posted: 29 April,all,Evil Genius,"Great game, works well in VR. I'm using a wireless twin stick (xbox style) controller. Rich visual style, sounds very atmospheric. First and foremost it has a rich and vivid personality, from the names of the ships to the descriptions of the missions. You are an assassin hunting down the courtiers who killed the king. An instrument of brutal, cunning vengeance.The missions are very short, and often require planning beforehand. The game as a whole is also quite short (14 levels that are about five minutes long each), but each level features different enemies and different challenges at different difficulty levels, so it's as if there are really 42 levels. Personally, I find it to be a tight, neat experience, with no grinding or repetitive elements. It also has a good learning curve if you play through most levels on easy first before moving on to higher difficulty levels.It's the best VR game I've played so far (I've played about 20 of the top rated Steam ones). If you like action games that involve a little bit of tactical thought then this is the perfect VR game for you."
,Recommended,283160,26479660,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Tobasco da Gama,"Most of the space game revival has been sprawling everything-boxes like the X-series, E:D, and Star Citizen. This game carves out its niche with pure dogfighting action -- emphasis on the pure. There's a very light tactical aspect where you can order capital ships around (which is helpful on certain missions, since your capships can mount flak weapons to shoot down enemy missiles), but most of the time you'll be flying your own Interceptor blasting enemies to bits. And it's fun! Everything just feels, looks, and sounds right. Highly recommended."
76561198201812073,Recommended,283160,29934585,Posted: 14 February,all,jbarlow,"Fantastic flight engine, and the balancing is nice too.This is a good enough game that I could see a lot of people building missions and passing them around... I bet it would generate a heck of a lot more $$ for the developer, who seemed to pour a lot of time into it.So-- my vote: Mission and Map editor please!"
,Recommended,283160,32246867,Posted: 7 June,all,schurem,"Beautiful and well-playing game. It's fast and plays as crisp as it looks. Amazing in VR. Also nice writing. If you have fond memories of Tie Fighter, get this. If you don't, well, until someone (re)makes that for VR, this is the superior game."
,Recommended,283160,26468820,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,JPfowl,"This is a fantastic game and I really wish I had a VR setup becuase this game would look amazing on it. Even in 2D it is stunning. The gameplay is indeed short and I finished the story in 2.5 hours. I wish there were more levels and upgrades becuase it definately seems very easy to ""game"" the upgrades and never need to change your loadout after a certain point.That being said, it's still gorgeous and I play it over and over becuase it simply is fantastic!!!"
,Recommended,283160,26481794,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,bokkenote,"First off, this VR experience brings me back over and over like no other VR game has done before. The fact that I can gain credits for upgrades and work to unlock extremely difficult gameplay experiences is why this game gets 2 thumbs up. Also, don't expect the most realistic space enviroment but be prepared to not care and be sucked into the epic dogfights while protecting and strategically directing a fleet of ships."
,Recommended,283160,28911434,Posted: 1 January,all,T-SH4K-4TT4K,"House of the Dying Sun has some of the best gameplay I have ever experienced. It is deep, but not complicated. It allows you to experiment with different strategies, but you can also use the same one just about every time. That being said, although the gameplay is amazing, there isn't enough of it. For a 20 dollar game such as this I expect around 5-7 hours of solid gameplay. I finished the campaign in about two hours. It is meant to be played multiple times, in order to come back to missions that you have already completed and finish them again on a higher difficulty. I'll definitely come back sometime to do that, but I wish that there was a longer campaign.Pros-Great Gameplay-Good Replayability-Even though graphics aren't cutting edge, they are still nice to look at.Cons- Short campaignI would recommend this, but I feel like it needs more, maybe a second campaign of some sort.7.5/10"
,Recommended,283160,28920935,Posted: 1 January,all,Two-Ton Teuton,"Playing this feels like being a guerilla house from Dune, always staying one step ahead of the authorities and surviving raids by the skin of your teeth."
76561197968205882,Recommended,283160,27736271,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hound,A dream for a player who played a lot of TIE-Fighter and loved the Battlestar Galactica remake!
,Recommended,283160,25648144,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Moostafa,"WOW!! I loved this!!! Absolutely loved this!!! I have played a great many space combat sims! And this one will definitely be one of my favorites!! I have been following this game when it was still known as Enemy Starfighter, and to be honest when the dev decided to shift gears to a more linear game with short intense fights, I have to say I was skeptical and I felt slightly disappointed, well I was wrong to think that!  The ability to seamlessly jump between an RTS and Space sim is absolutely refreshing, the missions were amazingly crafted, and the art style used to capture the environs of space perfect!! This definitely evoked memories of Freespace, yet felt evolved at the same time and it is a feeling I haven't felt in a long time! I must also note that I also appreciate HOTAS support is well done, I had no issues whatsoever despite the fact that the game was designed with the intention of a Dual Analog gamepad as the lead input device. And above all else this game imho is very fairly priced!Now, I will also note that the campaign/story mode is WAY too short, this game imho needs a co-op mode AND a mission editor at the bare minimum, there are those I have encountered in forums that would also want a VS mode, and while I wouldn't mind that as well, I wouldn't freak out if one never materialised, I am ok with well crafted linear missions. Besides I have the Challenges to tide me over!All in All to Marauder Interactive: Thank YOU!!!"
,Recommended,283160,25793044,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,rocketsauce,"I've only been playing this game in VR, even though it isn't specifically a VR game.The experience has been fantastic. Inventive use of the Xbox controller and tight physics make dogfighting feel extremely visceral. The premise is great and the game is structured interestingly around it. The soundtrack perfectly suits the action and has me tapping taiko drum beats at my desk during the day. Every decision in this game feels inspired and focused. If I sound like I'm gushing it's because I am. I love this game.The only thing I would like to change is to have the ability to turn down the space flight sound a bit."
76561198027023557,Recommended,283160,32902874,Posted: 27 June,all,Brosenzweig,"This was a fantastic game, its a short campaign but it is a satisfying one."
,Recommended,283160,33155472,Posted: 2 July,all,Craptasket,"mostly edge of your seat missions that might get repetitive later.weapons and unlock modules are nice, difficulty scaling fits just fine, but wish there was more for those going for 100%'ing the game - you seem to unlock everything half way.The horde mode is great until swarmed at.def not freespace, but ive noticed to appreciate the love and care into the details of this game.wish there was co-op, custom missions, upgrade/loadout randomizer mode, different main ship types, etc there was a lot of potential not explored."
,Recommended,283160,35480574,Posted: 4 October,all,Pancakus ante Omnia,"On a first glance its an arcadey space-sim: fly there and shoot them, then get a piece of story. Well, its not like that.Its beautiful, very immersive, but people should understand that it's not just an action space-sim with short levels of 3h worth of content. The game is all about the challenge the levels provide on highter difficulties. Each level is a well crafted puzzle on a time limit. You have limited resources. Your opposition is numerous and ruthless. They must die. This will do.If you arent into repeating the levels multiple times, trying to unravel the way of beating it in the most optimal way, on 3 different difficulties (that change the enemy fleet composition and reinforcements strenght) AND with a challenge of besting the enemy flagship, then this game might not be for you. The enjoyment is in struggle, in besting the superior foe, in enacting the Emperor's edict.Also this game has a minor fleet management, you got to load out and order around 7 ships (and 3 of them you can pilot) both from cockpit and from tactical view with tactical pause, and this strategy element is fully gamepad supported. You wont succeed on hight difficulty without telling your ships what to do and where to go.Audio in this game is superb: sound effects are very nice, music keeps your adrenaline hight; you can hear constant fleet chatter giving you their sitrep (their shield/armor status, target status etc. I dont even need to check the hud to tell how well my fleet is doing), battle chatter's done extremely well.There's a survival mode, that lets you play against waves of enemies of random composition and/or escorts. In this mode a fleet strategy is extremely important, for you cant get replacement capital ships. And i say its simply boring after a while, simply because its not hand crafted. I would rather have 3 hours of art of a game than 50 hours of procedurally generated boredom.The game is VR capable, it looks awesome in VR. On youtube because i dont have it lol.Tldr: Buy it if you want a challenge/immersive experience. Each level is very well made, everything placed there for a purpouse. But it is short, very condensed, for some it is repetitive (for me it was around 3h for the first run, i have 11h for 3 runs + survival and i would play more if i wasnt such a weakling to seriously try and get all flagships and beat all levels just with interceptors). Some people despise the idea of playing the same level again, even with vastly different enemies . And did i say that highter difficulties kick your teeth in? I think i just did. Do get on sale if you are looking for deep story/sandbox/on your own pace experience.PS. The ending was not what i expected. But it was worth it still."
,Recommended,283160,23457126,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Communist Jesus,"THE GAME IS VERY BUGGY WITH LOTS OF CLEAR ISSUES, AS IS EXPECTED WITH EARLY ACCESS TITLESBlurry UI elements, low quality sounds, unusable M+KB controls, buggy menu controls, and some much needed balancing here and there.I played with an x52 and enjoy the few minutes I played, though I intend on not playing that much and focusing on providing feedback (saving the game for when it's more complete), I can easily say that it's a very promising title that I'm enjoying as of now and that's why I'm giving it a recommended title. Fantastic art design, fantastic ship design, fantastic sounds, fantastic gameplay element design, and best of all: A lot of potential and room for improvement on what's already pretty decent.If you're expecting a full on, complete and polished experience: I advise you to stay away and you should know better than to expect full experiences from an early access game. If you've enjoy dogfighting in Elite, Star Citizen, or other titles and just want an emphasis on that **BUT** very clearly understand that the title is not polished at all as of now and know what you could be getting into, this game shows that it excecutes a lot of things well with a clearly passionate and clever studio behind the wheel, if you want to buy the game just to support the devs, idea, and the space sim genre as a whole, then this title is definitely one that warrants your money, just remind yourself that you're OBJECTIVELY better off waiting and there's still some much needed polish."
76561198076265348,Recommended,283160,23461036,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Pamela Voorhees,"Love the art style, really reminds me of Homeworld. The game is great fun and controls very smoothly. Each mission is filled with exhilarating combat and different combinations of ship loadouts allow for many different ways to complete the objective. Sound design is superb, from the radio chatter to the cracking of the canopy glass, it immerses you into the world instantaniously. Even though the game is entirely focused on combat with not much story to it, I still found myself shouting out ""Die traitorous scum!"" in my head as I lit up a corrupt politician's escape pod.The mission areas are pretty small but the designs of the locations are beautiful with nebulas and stars of many colours ensuring the game doesn't feel repetitive. The only real downside to this game would be the length, there are 14 missions and each lasts about 5-10 minutes. I found myself really disappointed when I realised I was already at the end of the game, would have loved to amass an even greater fleet to take on even fiercer foes.I also felt like there weren't as many ships as there could have been, only one type of fighter, destroyer, frigate and dreadnoguht for the protagonist's faction. It's a real shame too because they look very impressive with their black spikey hulls and intimidating red engines. I would have loved to be able to jump into the bigger ships and broadside the enemy flagship with my artillery but you can only fly the Interceptor (it's still great fun regardless).All in all, I'd HIGHLY recommend this to anyone who would love a chance to relive the glory days of Homeworld and Homeworld 2 with a dash of Freespace to make things really interesting. Definitely hoping to see more from this game as time goes on, it has huge potential!"
76561197971988129,Recommended,283160,23475176,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Maniac86,"Wonderfully fun game, easy to get into, difficult to master."
76561198002784244,Recommended,283160,23464556,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,pred,This is a blast!I just flew a mission with gamepad and TrackIR. Rattatatttaaataat BOOM! Who is next?! And you still need your brains. Stupid shooting alone won't do.Brings back memories of TIE Fighter and Descent: Freespace. You will love it!
76561198150725768,Recommended,283160,31815140,Posted: 17 May,all,DeGugs,"Definately the ""Star FoxVR"" I have been searching except it's better thanStar Foxbecause you the player are in control of your fleet, and your AI companions can actually shoot for their lives. I've always enjoyed a game that allows you to be a commander and a fighter on the battlefield, and this game has crafted these two game modes to work in perfect harmony. Although there are some features that I feel are missing such as local co-op and a Vive-game style cockpit, the game as it stands gets my approval"
,Recommended,283160,23441446,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Roll for Initiative,"Ever since I first heard about this game under its old name Enemy Starfighter, I have been eagerly anticipating its release. After years of waiting, it's finally out under the name House of the Dying Sun, and I can say with full confidence that it's just about as good as I thought it'd be. House of the Dying Sun is an *exceptionally* polished space fighter sim. The art style, simplistic as it is, is absolutely gorgeous when combined with the phenomenal lighting and post-processing effects, and it allows the game to run smoothly on lower-end systems. Don't worry about wrestling with the controls; they're easy to follow and very tight. I've never been a big fan of complicated control schemes that span a large portion of the keyboard in space sims, unless they're meant to be hardcore. It just ends up disrupting the gameplay and causes frustration for the player, a fact that Dying Sun understands implicitly. The tactical layer is also well-designed, allowing you to easily distribute orders to your allied ships as you progress through the mission.The gameplay is thrilling. Missions rarely last more than a few minutes, but there is absolutely no filler to push through as they progress. As soon as you leave hyperspace and enter the mission area, you are beset by hostile forces and you'll have to adapt to the situation. Combat is very fast and lethal, and the presence of actual terrain in the form of astroids, stations and what not, along with the ability to cut your engines and drift in accordance to Newtonian physics ensures that dogfights don't devolve into boring circle-chases.However, if I had to make a complaint about the gameplay, it's that it feels a little easy, even on the higher difficulties. Enemies seem a bit too squishy to me. That being said, I think I'm only a quarter of the way through the game and I haven't played all of my completed missions on Harbinger difficulty yet, so that could change. Also, the developer has stated that he plans on boosting the difficulty in a future update. The game also seems a bit short, with fourteen missions available for you to undertake. However, each of the three difficulty levels change the missions significantly, adding new and tougher enemies to fight and modifying the objectives, so there's a good amount of variety here. The ship upgrades (of which there are many) allow you to use a wide variety of playstyles depending on the ones you use, and the developer intends to add a wave clear mode at the end of the early access period a few months from now. With the combat being as tight as it is, I look forward to challenging myself through the wave clear mode.Next up is sound design, and this is probably my favorite aspect of the game. The sound design is *masterfully* done. There are no artificially clear sound effects from outside your ship like in most other space sims. Instead, most of the sound you hear comes from within your fighter's cockpit itself; the rumbling and the roaring of the engine reverberating through the cockpit, the muffled mechanical whining of the weapons as they reload, the deep breathing of the pilot through his respirator as you pull tight turns that would undoubtedly flatten a pilot were they in atmosphere, and the laconic reports from your allied vessels as the combat situation evolves... it all sounds phenomenal and makes for an incredibly immersive experience. The game also has a killer soundtrack that seamlessly augments the intensity of the combat. The pounding, tribal-esque percussion reminds me very much of Battlestar Galactica, and it fits perfectly.The lore is minimal and unobtrusive, but what's there is quite interesting. You can view information snippets and quotes from prominent individuals in the codex, and they give you a good idea of what life was like in the empire. It all has a very mythical tone to it, and it feels very reminiscent of series like Homeworld and Dune. If there ever is a Dying Sun 2, I'd love to explore the setting further.Overall, House of the Dying Sun is a real diamond in the rough. Most of the space sims that have been recently released or are in development are open-world experiences, and we've seen very few that hearken back to the older, more linear experiences like Freespace 2 or X-Wing vs. Tie Fighter. Sure, they may not allow you to experience the thrill of discovery, but the polish in the core dogfighting gameplay is undeniable, and I think that's enough. I am glad to say that House of the Dying Sun stands proudly among the classics for me, and I'm definitely looking forward to seeing more from Marauder Interactive."
76561197970606429,Recommended,283160,23443534,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Will G,I'm certainly on a fence in space here.It does look like a nicely crafted space sim with basic arcade controls but also a tacical view much like you would see in the homeworld games.But after a short play you will note it is rather shallow from a gameplay perspective currently. I hope this is just a taste of things to come and more gets added to this as I like the style of it.My video below is a light hearted look at the first few levels to give you an idea before you spend your cashhttps://youtu.be/bEG4L6ch2_E
76561198002049680,Recommended,283160,33220553,Posted: 4 July,all,Dimvision,"What an incredible game! As another reviewer said, this is the lore style of Warhammer 40k meets the feel and sound effects of Battlestar Galactica. Flying the fighter is incredibly immersive (in VR), and although the upgrades are fairly limited, it has a fair number of weapons/systems variations to make different loadouts fresh. The missions are described and layed out with a death-to-the-heretic style of WH40K that really surprised me and made the basic 'story' and nature of each mission ruthlessly entertaining, even if they were quite limited in depth. The sound and effects are absolutely spot on, and I consider this one of the best space sim games for VR right now. Easily worth the full price, and the only regretable thing is that there isn't more of this game, though I pray along with many others that the dev will open it up for modding or release some DLC (for which I would gladly pay full price)."
,Recommended,283160,24896454,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,oulette,"Great VR experience.  Put on the helmet, grab a controller, and everything's there.  All the text is legible, every option is available.  So many VR titles are half-baked.  This one's just awesome.  And the game itself is beautiful and a lot of fun.  Accessible yet challenging.  I'm just three missions in so, will try and update my review after a while.  Wanted to give a recommendation just for the game being such a polished VR experience.  Kudos!"
76561198053358894,Recommended,283160,26640305,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Ubersquanch,"This was the first game I played on the Rift and let me tell you, I've had no gaming experience in general quite like it. I was totally blown away.As a young kid, I would always daydream about piloting a starfighter like Ender or Luke. Every day my imagination would expand on that crazy dream of flying a nimble little ship all around my enemies, blasting away, calling out shots to my wingmen, you know the drill. Well, I'm a little older now and my imagination isn't quite as active as it used to be, but piloting a beefed up Executor and gapping in close for the kill brought back all those happy memories.I've now played quite a few other VR titles and I just wanted to lend my two cents regarding House of the Dying Sun. Buy this game. I don't care how short it is, for $20 you can't get a better VR experience IMO."
76561198007372192,Recommended,283160,25775147,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,mac_attack545,Maybe add in ship skins? somthing a bit extra to keep us going? tbh the game is perfect nothing is missing. we are just the gaming addicts who always demand more. but..... yeah if you could add ship skins that would be greattttttt....
,Recommended,283160,28536664,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Guardian,Definitely recomended for VR. It's simple and can be played in short burst.
,Recommended,283160,23476276,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,phyrex,"This game is great fun.People complaing it's not deep enough or shallow.. maybe they're looking for Star Citzen or Elite: Dangerous?It's and arcadey space combat shooter, remenisent of X-Wing vs Tie Fighter.Personally, I love it.Highly recommend it!I have a HOTAS for playing E:D and SC, but for this I've been using an xbox controller. It's perfect for it."
76561197995668944,Recommended,283160,23485116,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Capitaine Haddock,"If you were a fan of the old X-Wing and Tie Fighter series, just get it!A pure space dogfighter with stunning visuals and great audio. I always wondered how an updated X-Wing could work with TrackIR and this is the perfect example: The combat is fluid and the immersion fantastic. Some criticise the game for being short, but chasing enemies between asteroids and larger ships never gets old.Setting up multiple controllers is a bit tricky, but the developer has been very active on the forums and has greatly improved things since release. The mouse is still erratic in the game menus but I do have Joystick, pedals, throttle and TrackIR working perfectly in the game.Great game overall. Love the art style!"
,Recommended,283160,24449143,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Heir,"Seriously in love with this game.  It really scratches that old Space Sim itch, with a little bit of fleet management added in.  Almost feels like Homeworld in a sense.What I really hope is that this is a springboard for either an expansion or sequel that is much deeper with regards to fleet management.  Something akin to a 4x + RTS + Space Sim combined.  How could would it be to have your own little empire where you start out with barely anything, but you slowly capture/build new ships and take more territory from other alliances.Either way, this game is great.  The controls (I'm using a 360 controller) are seamless and easy to learn/use.  The in-game physics are top notch.  The graphics are very stylized...love it.It's pretty hard to hear comm chatter, but that's about the only real complaint I have so far.  That and maybe adding more options to avoid missles/torpedos."
,Recommended,283160,24310209,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,[LLJK]Kotaru,Short and sweet. Wish there was a scenario editor or endless level but otherwise a fun trip!
,Recommended,283160,23907423,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,132nd. Skybro,"It delivers on what it's trying to be. It's stylish and alot of fun.Other then Vive and Rift it also supports TrackIR as well as multiple controllers (ex stick,throttle,pedals).Amazing sound and presentation. Recommended."
76561198127344213,Recommended,283160,32599921,Posted: 20 June,all,molehilldocmgmt,"Great gameplay and a really intuitive controls, but it could use more story."
76561198007145952,Recommended,283160,32745288,Posted: 24 June,all,Arcterran,"It's hard to believe this only lasted three hours (well, one star completion). I feel i played at least fiveSome Caveats before I continue that may dissuade some:short campaign (3 ish hours on the first difficulty level)no multiplayerlimited joystick supportI don't reccomend this if you aren't into space sims, there's not a whole lot of content here and you'll be done in three hours, give or take. However I love this genre and consequentially, loved every second of it!House of the dying sun is a Space sim with a light RPG and tactical elements, much in the tradition of X-wing, Freespace, or Wing commander where you fly a space fighter fighting other spaceships. Your ship is the Executor Mk 2, a highly customizable interceptor for a variety of playstyles (Have you ever played a space sim that allowed you to sit back and snipe?). You go from system to system, hunting down traitors who assisted in killing the emperor until...well I won't spoil it but it is a rather crazy twist ending, which also explains a game mechanic.It's got the best Mouse and keyboard style controls I've ever used in a space sim. Fantastic sound design and despite it being low poly, a slick art style when it comes to ship design (Well at least yours, the enemies seem a little clunky at times).It even does that mission select where you can replay harder variants of missions to earn more rewards. A particular favorite of smaller developers for some reason. Regardless I love this mechanic, and it does ablate the worst problem about this game. The lack of overall content.Only other complaint is that the tactical mode is a little clunky (wish I at least could select all ships in a class or I can control select/deselect, like in command and conquer)It's an incredibly solid space sim...I just wish there was more than 3 hours of missions on the base difficulty level."
76561198041869215,Recommended,283160,31422485,Posted: 28 April,all,Punky921,"I really, really love this game. If you were ever a fan of TIE Fighter, X-Wing, or Wing Commander, you owe it to yourself to pick up this game. Get yourself a Thrustmaster stick for $30 off of Amazon and get ready to have the nostalgic time of your life. You can play through most of the missions rather quickly, but there's plenty of reason to come back and play them again on higher difficulty levels to earn favor, which allows you to upgrade your ships.If you're into setting, check out the Codex once you've beaten the game, to understand a little more about the Emperor, the Dragon, and their relationship.Amazingly well done. 10/10. I only wish there was more game here! House of the Dying Sun 2?? :)"
,Recommended,283160,28417270,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The Spice Reich,"Commit warcrimes in the name of a dead guy, only drawback is you're done too soon, I need more traitors to slaughter."
76561197966595640,Recommended,283160,23459294,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sitoutumaton,"This is a gorgeous flight-sim that serves bite-sized tactical engagements. Go in, assassinate the lords, leave before reinforcements arrive. You have just your fighter with you, but as you complete more operations, more equipment and ships are granted to even the odds for the time the traitors' capital ships are not on the field of battle ruining your day. Favours unlock more customization and replayability, as they are behind more and more challenging opponents.This is a flight sim that wouldn't have needed a plot, the game mechanics are solid, but it gave us a plot nevertheless that crept slowly until it slaps you in the face with the script.This is one of the better flight sims of 2016 even in its Early Access state, which is frankly a polished one.Only minus, and considerable minus is that it is very short. I took four hours to get to beginning from end, without grabbing all the harder missions."
,Recommended,283160,25971210,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MIDIManNI,"House of the Dying Sun is yet another game that No Mans Syk (spelling deliberate!) only wishes it could be...it is hailed to be one of the most eagerly anticipated tactical space shooters available.Players are given two main modes of gameplay:Tactical view - allowing the strategin planning of each missionFlight - allowing you to ""jump"" into the cockpit of a chosen craft when the game follows a space flight -sim style.Also has VR capability (apparently!)I have only played a few of the missions but it is a cracing good game so far!!!"
76561198028088564,Recommended,283160,23525019,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,winnietheshit,"I have just started out, but this game seems to deliver what games like Elite Dangerous and Eve Valkyrie have not.A fun, pick up and play, space fighter with an emphasis on single player missions. That would be enough, but then it candy coats the entire game with the added depth of a tactical view and a lot of depth.Piloting the craftPiloting the ship is fun and easy. In addition to pointing yourself in a direction you have three other controls, a booster, a break, and the ability to drift. Drift lets you cut your engines, but maintain all of your momentum. Combining all three gives you nimble control over the direction and speed of your craft.CombatCombat is what you’d expect. You have a main weapon, a secondary weapon that is usually a missile of some kind, and a heavy weapon. Each weapon has different strengths and weaknesses. Knowledge of when and how to use each weapon is vital to the successful completion of missions.MissionsThe missions are comprised of little tactical puzzles with a time limit. So far most of them have been of the ""go here, kill this guy as fast as you can, and if you have some time left, do this bonus mission."" At first it seems a bit routine, but quickly becomes tactically more varied. Get in, do the mission, do the bonus objectives, and then get out before that capital ship warps in quickly becomes, Get in, protect this guy, blow that stuff up, help your wingman out, complete objective, grab the bonus while the capital ship is bearing down on you as you pray it doesn't blow you to pieces while your warp engine powers up.Mission Bonus ObjectivesThe incentive to complete bonus objectives is high. This leads to a lot of nail biting close calls with the Traitor capital ship as you “know you can make it.”  Completing bonus objectives grants you “favor” which you can then spend on new weapons and armor. This aspect of the game presents you with some choice in dealing with the difficulty. An earlier mission that seemed impossible might be a lot easier now with whatever upgrade you just purchased.Mission DifficultyFor each mission there are three levels of difficulty. The early missions will be a cakewalk for anyone with a few space shooters under their belt. The difficulty ramps up quickly though, and you need to think about how to most effectively equip your ship for the mission ahead (a process that may require some trial and error). The higher the difficulty, the more favor you get for bonus objectives.Mission TacticsOne of my available missions is to blow up a capital ship defended by flak drones... seems simple enough, but a shot from the main gun of the capital ship is a one-hit kill and extremely accurate. I can't (yet) get the drones out of the way before the gun takes me and my wingman out. However, there is another mission that seems to unlock something that would be very handy, a bomb with some immunity to flak and point defence systems. That might do the trick. I can choose either mission, but the game suggests that I think about the order. Wouldn’t you love to just bomb that capital ship through the flak with a giant warhead? Yes, I would. Ok, do this mission then.DyingDeath seems to be consequence free, which I feel is a good tradeoff to the fact that there is no mission briefing. You warp in, use the tactical view to make sense of the situation, then attack. It’s more fun and immediate and creates a good flow that doesn't get tedious.SummaryI'm still discovering the game’s mechanics, especially the tactical parts. It seems like there is a lot of depth waiting in House of the Dying Sun in every facet. From the piloting of the ship/combat, to the tactical view, to the bonus objectives and favor.It plays well on both a regular screen and in VR. The VR comfort level is very high.For a single-man development effort (which I have been following for some years now on Twitter), it is an impressive and interesting game. I’m excited to see where it goes from here."
,Recommended,283160,23626811,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TRS_Ashton,"Dang! This is fantastic in VR! I absolutely love it. I like it a lot better than Valkyrie. It's beautiful in a different way. It's like being inside a Homeworld fighter ship in VR. I love that the outside sounds are muted. Feels so spacey! Love the controls, ship interior, space clouds. Good stuff. If you have VR and are remotely interested in space shooters, this should be in your library!"
76561197994447772,Recommended,283160,23526064,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,007,I have only played a little over an hour.  So right now I dont have an opinion on where the game goes or the pay off.  But I can tell you the early stuff is great.  The price point is right and feeling of being in the cockpit mixed with the straight forward combat feels great.Edit:After playing a few hours now te game still hits me the same way.  I do wish the bite sized missions allowed for more time spent.  The impending clock on every quick mission feels somewhat like I need to just B line for the targets and not approach tactically. To the point where I came on the discussion forums looking for explanation that is missinf formt he game in how to accomplish objectives.That being said the feeling of this game with a VR headset on is great.  Its become the thing i want to return to in VR.  Thumbs up so far .Looking forward to unlocking more upgrades and weapons.
,Recommended,283160,29316308,Posted: 17 January,all,johntherussian,"A very entertaining game. Great immersion. Plus, a surprise ending that's sure to fulfill all your genocidal fantasies."
,Recommended,283160,24858310,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dilapinated,"House of the Dying Sun is a fabulous game. The obvious comparison point is Tie Fighter (or perhaps Freespace 2), but it ditches the bar-management of late-90s military space sims to give the in-cockpit gameplay a lot more of an arcade feel, that ends up.. Similar to Strike Suit Zero, but with the animation & soundwork making it a much more immersive experience than that.Plot is minimal; You're the last.. You of a beaten empire, and your emperor's last edict is that you kill everyone who betrayed him. ..And anyone who works for them, watches their cat, goes to the same cafe for lunch, etc. You are not the Good Guys here. You are the diehard loyalists to The Empire, in the tropiest sense of the name, and it adds a lot to the tone that the player is put in that position in no uncertain terms. Every mission is titled ""Murder at _____"", and often your bonuses (which give precious upgrade points) are to, yes, turn innocent construction workers/whathaveyou into pink space-mist.This may be offputting to some, but.. I find it adds to the Tie-Fighter link, while giving the game room to breathe verymuch as its Own Thing.What I haven't touched on yet is what HotDS adds in terms of tactics; You may be thinking that without the bar management, this reduces the game to a simple point-n-shoot. But as the game progresses, you go from a lone fighter with a mean grudge to a small fleet (with a mean grudge). Your fighters become troops for you to command on the zoomed-out management map, as well as doubling as precious extra lives for when you mess up. Your other ships are More Punch in various sizes (orderable, but not controllable directly). All can be upgraded with aforementioned Upgrade Points.I haven't played Challenge Mode, so can't comment on that, but the core gameplay is enough that I don't mind early-access savewipes with updates, which says a lot. I've happily played through the earlygame 3 times now, and will probably again. It's just.. That solid in terms of gameplay. Pick your difficulty right, and you're constantly on the edge of your seat, with the timer counting down to when the enemy's Flagship arrives, slowly meanders across the battlefield, and squishes you into space-dirt with the ease of an elephant seal rolling over in its sleep.Basically, buy this game if:* You like your spacefighter games more structured and less trucker-y* You like being the Bad Guy* You like a challenge* You like tense, hit-n-run gameplay.* You played & enjoyed X-Wing/Tie Fighter, Freespace, etc.* You enjoy tactical management, while being able to get into the thick of things yourself.Don't buy this if:* You want a lot of plot, scripted events, indepth voice-acting, deep worldbuilding & characters. This isn't that game."
,Recommended,283160,23488361,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,CaptainKoloth,"What a terrific game.For years, the one game I've wanted more than anything in the universe was a spiritual successor to Freespace and TIE Fighter- and that became even more true once I picked up my Oculus Rift.THIS IS IT.What a fantastic game. To go into the specifics:Graphics: What do you do when you don't have a huge art team dedicated to making super high resolution textures and models? Go with an art style that doesn't need it and, at the same time, looks distinct and beautiful. The game has a wonderful 40s/50s pulp/art deco sci-fi look, which I absolutely love and works spectacularly well. It runs like a dream at very high framerates and the look is one of my favorites of any game I've tried in the last few months.Sound: You really feel like you're in a cockpit. The subdued thump of weapons fire, the muffled cockpit audio- it is, by design, intended to make you feel like you're piloting a spaceship rather than listening to some huge orchestra. It really gives you a great sense of presence.Gameplay: Here is where HotDS really shines. Ship control is tight, fluid, perfect. There is an excellent ""drift"" mechanic that lets you take advantage of Newtonian physics and turn to point any way you want. Weapons feel powerful and realistic. Not since TIE Fighter have I felt so much like I'm actually sitting in a spaceship cockpit doing battle with my interstellar foes- and that is not an exaggeration. To counter a common misconception, the game absoultely does have joystick/HOTAS support- it's just not the main or primary or official or whatever you want to call it control scheme and takes a little effort to bind it the way you want, but I played through with my HOTAS and it worked like a dream.Originally the game was set to be released with procedurally generated missions and campaigns. While I do find the idea of infinitely regenerating missions, I do believe that the exquisitely hand-crafted missions we get here probably do play a lot better than procedural content would have. The developer says a wave move is coming which should help extend the playtime a bit.To this end, to the extent the game has one flaw, it's quite short. I have only played for a few hours but have already beaten most of the content. Still, I would always opt for a short, high quality experience than an endless, more mediocre one (not to mention any other games by name, but you can imagine). I do hope some content gets added at some point, and between the wave mode and whatever the developer adds in the future I'm hopeful but, as it stands now, this is easily worth $20, and then some, today as it stands. Literally not for almost 20 years has a new space combat game of this quality been released, and I'm ecstatic over the quality of what's been delivered.VR Support: Have to throw this in here because I just started using my Rift. This is perhaps my favorite looking game on Oculus. Everything mentioned above with respect to presence, framerate, audio- it's magnified tenfold in the Rift. The head tracking is spot-on perfect, framerate doesn't miss a beat- and while Elite: Dangerous has its pros and cons, it doesn't hold a candle to this in my opinion when it comes to pure, TIE Fighter/ Freespace style combat. Ever since I started seriously considering VR, a VR version of that style of game is what I've wanted most- this is it.To top it all off, this game has, amazingly, been created by a single developer, who, unlike many or even most early access developers, graciously listens to and implements feedback and truly appreciates his players.In summary, this is a very high quality, very polished, technically flawless, beautifully controlling and playing game that finally provides the updated Freespace/TIE Fighter experience that I and I'm sure many others have been longing for for so many years. If you enjoyed any of those types of space combat games back in the day, get this one immediately. If not, get this anyway and see what the excitement is all about! And if you have a VR headset, this is easily in my opinion the best VR cockpit experience on the market today, hands down. You cannot go wrong. What a fantastic game. Excuse me, I have to go hunt down and punish more enemies of the Emperor..."
76561198091223830,Recommended,283160,24604809,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Natalie,"An amazing game. One of the most exciting and immersive games i have played period!Update: I have played a bit more now and holy f%$#. This game is so crazy good. You know u have good sound design and gameplay when u play a game on a laptop screen and it feels just as intense as playing it in VR. Some games are so much better in VR and this one is just as intense no matter the screen size. No other game makes me lean in gripping my controller tight super focused, intent on winning. Carefully watching the positions of my fleet. Making critical precision strikes at the just the right moment. Each kill getting me more focused and positioned to the final flanking maneuver that will finally melt the enemy frigate. So good. Just amazing job Mike. I am so glad u put in the effort to give us such a great game:) Thank You!Update: Just pasted battle 10 in challenge mode. Holy balls so amazing. Again I play in both VR and on my tiny laptop screen, but when you see your wing-man get killed or you finally take down an enemy frigate it is just as profound and emotional. I don't usually sweat, swear, cry and physically flip off enemy AI while laughing hysterically but this game brings it out in me:P"
,Recommended,283160,31022587,Posted: 8 April,all,ayuiop,"TL;DR: 1.Good visual and sound for immersion. 2. Fun arcade space pilot 3. Limited content as a $20 game.Played this game with VRidge on HTC 10 with a random headset and Steam Controller. It was pretty fun. Being a terrible pilot, 1~2 levels felt a bit unfair without later unlocks, even on easy difficulty. So try experiment with different loadout whever you can. The content is limited for $20 USD price tag, but I got it on sale for $10 and being the first VR game I played it delivered good value IMO. Did not try challenge mode so cannot comment on that yet, but the core game is fun enough. It's what you expect for a arcady space pilot game."
76561198039287557,Recommended,283160,31032824,Posted: 8 April,all,Haplo1274,Seems like a great game - except - I seem to have to reprogram my dual sticks before each time.  Would be great if I didn't have to do that.  Other than that - seems great.  Won't be playing until that is fixed though o7
,Recommended,283160,34953614,Posted: 14 September,all,Commissar1032,It's a good game that is a grind with the levels/unlocks. It's surival/challenge mode is nice as well.
,Recommended,283160,26500350,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,[D.E.R.F] Hobo 42,"At 4.2 hours into this game while writing this review, I can say that I've done all that there is to really do in this game. The only things I have yet to do are finish the hard and expert level difficulties of all the missions, but really they are not much different from the previous difficulties.It’s a mixed bag for this game, and I’ll list why below. I’m going to recommend it because I’m finding it sort of difficult to find any decent VR games that aren’t just a 3rd person perspective camera with movement linked to your head. Cockpit games just have the edge in VR.PROS:- A decent VR (Played with the Rift) cockpit space fighting game where you command a growing squad- The combat is good too, good pacing and you’re able to change out your weapons and ship upgrades for slightly different play styles- Supports the X-55 Rhino Saitek joysticks, though as usual you will need to figure out the mapping. ( I actually ended up using the Xbox One controller, which worked perfectly)CONS:- Lack of content. Probably the biggest downfall of this game, there just simply isn't enough content. I was able play the game to what I'm considering completion in 4 hours.- The squad management screen can be annoying at times, when you're trying to cycle through your units and just can't seem to get the right unit selected.- While able to buy upgrades to get more stuff, once you get the first 5 upgrades, there really is no driving force to get the other ones other than preference or curiosity. I didn’t use any of them to beat the game and I rarely changed anything."
,Recommended,283160,24642271,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,jukibom,"It takes a little getting into (or did for me) and I had to do some tweaking with the Steam Controller (wish there was better support for this, especially in the map view- smooth rotation would be really nice instead of the weird snapping EDIT: Nevermind, there's an option for smooth rotation in the gameplay options) but HOLY CRAP is this good fun in VR. One of the few games to get me to sit down with a gamepad on the Vive.Looking forward to getting more into this, I'm finally starting to build a fleet and really getting to grips with the nuance of the varying weapon types and making sure to reload before switching weapons. I'm really, really impressed. And drifting is fantastic!"
,Recommended,283160,32770238,Posted: 25 June,all,theromulans,"Very much enjoyed this take on single pilot space fighter combat. Combat was smooth with a mouse and keyboard. The drift mechanic in particular is well executed - I can't think of a game that achieves this so smoothly. The captail ship system is pretty sweet, effectively meet shields for the fighters, although perhaps more control options would be welcome there.Well done on the music and audio - the background communications between ships was well executed. The story (and perspectives of it) was quite riveting also. Loved the flagship mechanic as a way of raising the tension and also offering some challenging achievements for later in the game.I do wish there was more content on offer, indeed the survival mode itself could be reworked slightly to be able to call in more capital ship reinforcements as is strategically advantageous after the initial waves.Would be open to picking any DLC that drops, but certainly looking out for more content (in whatever form) from this developer. Nice job.All in all: Recommended. VR was not required for a great time."
76561198025029347,Recommended,283160,26123210,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Amadeus Ray,I'm loving it on the steam controller. I was a bit overwhelmed with controls but the tutorial was short and sweet enough to get me going. I think playing Elite Dangerous really detered me because the controls for Elite were quite daunting.The game knows exactly what it wants to be. It wants to jump you into battles. None of that free roam free world stuff. Just fun.
76561197960932150,Recommended,283160,31200197,Posted: 17 April,all,Thorgan (]-__-|),"Played through 90% of this game, VR headset only.This game is short : about ~3h without unlocking it all but... wow.Each mission is perfectly timed, pure arcade glory.Doesn't have any technical issues, doesn't give nausea.I love it, I want more, to me one of the best arcade VR experiences."
76561197960953945,Recommended,283160,30269484,Posted: 1 March,all,Cheapo,"The Homeworld [remastered] tactical shooter you've always wanted.9/10, Nearly Completely FlawlessJust needs some kind of Co-op or MP. It includes 3 base difficulty levels and a 4th unlockable difficulty level as well. On top of that there is a ""randomly generated"" daily challenge that is effectively endless. The game itself is short, but also certainly punishing and it leaves plenty of room for replayability. Controller highly recommended (Steam controller takes more getting used to, but it will work)."
,Recommended,283160,30316440,Posted: 4 March,all,ultrano,"Amazing intensive battles - it's like being a pilot in Battlestar Galactica or in a Prowler from Farscape.The sound is spot-on, spacecraft ships are highly detailed and have parts you can disable, for tactical advantages.Completing the game on Easy difficulty takes 4 hours. After that you have a full squad, and can take on higher difficulties (more intensive battles), for a total of 12-15 hours. There's also a random daily mission, where you fend off waves of enemies, to compete on the leaderboards.In the beginning you control one fighter, at the end you have 3 fighters and 6 big ships. There are about 20 upgrades and several weapons to choose before each mission start - you need to choose wisely, as the missions are quite tough, especially if you want to minimize your casualties."
76561197971650483,Recommended,283160,26195229,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,badhras,"HTC Vive support is the only reason why I bought this game, and I am content with my purchase. It plays plays like the old-school X-Wing/Tie-Fighter games from back in the day. I know a lot of reviews complain about lack of content, and the criticism is valid. However, the number of space dogfight games that support VR is a very small number.If you're not going to play this game in VR, I can't recommend it for the content reason.If you intend to play this game in VR, then the basic question is do you purchase this or Elite Dangerous?In HotDS, there's no friction between you and the dogfight. The game drops you into an arcadey space dogfight, pretty much immediately. So, if your goal is to drop into a space dogfight, blow stuff up, and feel fantastic, this game will meet your expectations.If your goal is to feel the satisfaction of mastering a game with a ridiculous amount of depth, this is not your game. You have control over your ships' loadouts and their targets. There's depth in the tactics to complete primary and bonus objectives, but it's something you will do quickly.I completed all 13 missions on the easy mode in 4 hours. Even if you triple or quadruple that time for the medium and hard difficulties, it's still maybe 12-20 hrs total, which is less than a week of play time."
76561198000697779,Recommended,283160,32536781,Posted: 18 June,all,theresabeaninthere,"Watch a video of gameplay for 30 seconds. If you think ""I might like this"", buy it immediately.I don't know why Steam thinks I've only played 5 hours. It took me probably 2-3 times that long to finish it with all bonuses on hard levels. It's too short. That's not a dig at it, just that it's so )#(%*#()%*#()ing good, I want more and more and more.And really, it should be easy... The levels are basically the same, just different odds and slightly different environments... GIVE US MORE PLEASEEEE.And for all you thinker-of-buyers... BUY IMMEDIATELY. GIVE THIS DEVELOPER  YOUR MONEY, AND YOUR CHILDRENS MONEY.Sigh. It's really... really... good."
76561198068087516,Recommended,283160,25830620,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,charlesleeowen,"Words cannot even describe how epic this game is..Sure, like one reviewer said, the very first tutorial campaign can start a little confusing, but perseverance pays dividends here folks. After a slow start, the tutorial reveals itself with commands that tell you exactly what it expects in order for you to progress. By the time it’s over you’ve been versed in the finer points of flying your craft. Of course, the mastery of those skills will take some perseverance on your part.Then BOOM! You’re in the thick of it. Alone at first. It’s just you and your trusty fighter – IN VR!!What I did not expect! Was the addition of more and more ships to my entourage as the game progressed as I chopped through the mission one by one, and then replayed those same missions on higher difficulty, I was rewarded with a progressively larger fleet. SICK!The larger fleet is where the real fun lies folks. Why? Because freaking TACTIAL VIEW! You command your fleet, send them to attack, post them up to defend – whatever you want. THEN! You hop in your fighter and help seal the collective strategic deal.Buy this game. Just shut up and buy this game."
76561198000900149,Recommended,283160,28774121,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Railgun5,"Above-average space dogfighting game with WH40k tendencies that becomes incredible in VR.  Definitely recommend while on sale, less strong recommendation when it isn't."
,Recommended,283160,28800107,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Brooks8314,Very cool game. It really feels like you are in a fighter zooming around in space.  Tactical map is simple and easy to use once you figure it out.  I only wish it had more ships for you to pilot.
76561198260132564,Recommended,283160,28815005,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ghostofthetoast,"You like flight sims?: Buy this game.You like Battlestar Galactica?: Buy this game.You like being the bad guy?: Buy this game.You want to test your skills?: Buy this game.You want a game with a flavorful story, great art direction and creatively minimal lore that lets your imagination draw your own conclusions?Buy House of the Dying Sun."
76561198038169154,Recommended,283160,28902576,Posted: 1 January,all,F0XSQUAD,"Played the whole campaign on the hardest difficulty and it lasted about 7 hours. It might sound short, but I had so much fun playing this game. I really hope they will add more content later on in either content patches or DLC. I see this game as a platform that has lots of potential and I wish that that potential will be used.I definitely recommend this one!"
76561197983878654,Recommended,283160,28964740,Posted: 2 January,all,MadTraxx,"I JUST LOVE THIS GAME. ...  Homeworld in VR.. VR!!! , capital ships, frigates and fighters and you can take them over to be in the cockpit wtf amazing. Love everything about this game. Controls take some getting used to but once you get it... they just work and its game on. Highly recommended. Way to go DEVS worth every $.. any sequel or DLC you got my money"
,Recommended,283160,28898974,Posted: 1 January,all,NutelaCrepe,Love this game. $12.99 when it is on sale and has a VR single player! Gameplay feels like a cheaper version of EVE Valkyrie which makes sense for the price.  but I enjoy it more for its single player mode and progress system. I recommend it. It is a great VR title.
76561198001016768,Recommended,283160,28925548,Posted: 1 January,all,Sargonnas,"Excellent action, good emersion, grand old time for anyone missing the halcyon days of Freespace.Pros:*Great core mechanics - simple to learn, difficult to master. Flight stick highly recommended!*Intriguing story - short and to the point, yet somehow powerful regardless.*Good price - the amount of content is not consistent with AAA games, but neither is the pricetag.*Great VR experience - I cannot stress enough how much this filled an aching void within me. If you are searching for a good non-gallery shooting experience, this may be it.*Note - VR mode does not seem to require a gamepad, I played through and beat the game with a joystick, mouse, and keyboard.Cons:*Lack of storytelling - there are no voice-acted cutscenes and very little in the way of a developing story.*So-so customization - as far as I've seen, there is only one type of fighter / freighter / destroyer you can have, and you can only pilot a fighter. Equipping a choice of a few different weapons (7) on your fighters, and two of (18?) upgrades is a decent compensation though.*Short campaign - Its a small price tag, and you unfortunately feel it. I wanted there to be so much more to this game, but there are only 14 missions and they are all very quick (timed, in fact). I beat the game in 4.5 hours.Bottom Line:Do I recommend this game?Absolutely. Buy it. Love it. Pray that more like it gets made."
,Recommended,283160,28971178,Posted: 3 January,all,twizzlerdiddler,Great game with seriously immersive vr gameplay. One of my favorites for the vive so far. It's great without vr as well.
,Recommended,283160,28969746,Posted: 3 January,all,Bazinga Force One,"This game is fun and is very easy to learn. Although the story is short, you can do the bonus challenges which increase the difficulty. There isn't very much flexibility in its fleet building and contains very few ship types for you to use, And if you unlock a ship, it stays with you forever (unless you restart the game i assume). This game is very fun to play but it would be great if the developers could make you be able to make your own fleet, because it would be really cool if i could exchange the capital ships into multiple interceptors so i could have some cool dogfighting gameplay. This game has very few bugs but hopefully in the future they could add more weapon and ship types. If you are interested in piloting one of the fighter ships in a space battle, and want a (very) simplified Homeworld style rts game then this may be the game for you."
,Recommended,283160,24373447,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,henry,"House of the Dying Sun is my new favourite Early Access game that has overall surprised me with it's fun gameplay.Warning! This review will contain spoilers for literally the entire game.Gameplay is fun but short, I finished the game in two hours. There are three types of difficulty and lots of upgrades. The game needs a lot of improvement campaign wise but it was a lot of fun to play nevertheless.StoryIn House of the Dying Sun, you are the bad guys. You play as a host body that pilots the most dangerous fighter in the galaxy, your objective?Avenge the Emporer...Wait... Was it? We don't really know, but you get to decide at the end.You fight your way through the galaxy with your ragtag team of what remains of the Emporers Guard killing each of the false thanes and traitorous lords along your journey. Killing and Massacaring countless civilians, soldiers and officers that step in your path. Until your final mission, your last dreadnought armed to the teeth with torpedos, you begin bombarding the surface of the Empire's homeworld until the genocide of over 14 million souls is over. It ends with a last stand until your host body."
,Recommended,283160,32002476,Posted: 27 May,all,adam.muise,Give this and Everspace a try for the best sitting Space Action Sim experience. Like it enough and you might try Elite Dangerous!
,Recommended,283160,23492573,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Libertygeek,Only played a bit over a half hour but I must say that so far this game is the best Battlestar Galactica game that isn't Battlestar Galactica.
,Recommended,283160,23794700,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mumen Rider,"Gorgeous game with incredible sound design. Huge props to the developer for making the game very accessible and geared for a gamepad. Each mission so far is a lot of fun, and can be very challenging if you rank up the difficulty. House of the Dying Sun clearly pays homage to the classic PC space sims of the 90s, but ramps up the action and plays a bit more arcadey, which to me, is an excellent thing.Overall, a fantastic game that I'm actually suprised was released as a EA title since its so polished and finished. This may be the game that gets me to purchase a VR headset."
,Recommended,283160,33011229,Posted: 29 June,all,StarRider,"I'm not so worried about story....yet.   This game reminds me of homeworld, what it must be like to be a fighter.   The mechanics are great, best fighter sim so far.   Add in more RTS and some story and you got a AAA game.    I'll be playing this alot, along w/ battlezone and ST bridge crew."
,Recommended,283160,30339381,Posted: 5 March,all,TheBadFish2,"This game has been on my wishlist for a while. I picked it up on a 40% off sale just to see what it was like. I didn't have high expectations since most VR games are absolute garbage. I played Elite Dangerous and was very disappointed. With how bad most VR games were, I was skeptical to get Eve: Valkyrie for $60. This was only $12 so I figured that I wasn't out much money if it turned out to be a flop. This game is really good. I play using the Steam Controller and it is really good.First, the graphics are okay. I use an RX 480 and many VR games are not too optimized, this included. I had to turn the graphics down to 80%. It still looks good and framerates are stable-ish. I do get framerate drops in the menus, but I get this on most games. It isn't as bad as those in Arizona Sunshine. Not enought to cause motion sickness. Distant text is a little blurry. If I had more GPU horsepower, this probably wouldn't be an issue. Many of the textures in the game are low-poly, which is cool but feels a little out of place with the quality of your ship and the enemy ships. This is something I would have expected from an Early Access but not from a full release.The interface is really good. Because you are using VR, you can't see your controller. The game shows where the button is on the controller so you can feel for it. I never had any problems with button presses. There is a tutorial for the game but it could use a little work. It does show you the basics but doesn't go through ship customization. YouTube really helped out here, especially since some of the missions require using specific weapons and armor to win. I wish that more developers would push toward the motion control interface. This is my biggest complaint with most games. The cockpit is detailed but I can't interact with anything in it because there is no motion controller suppoert.The game paces okay. In the beginning, it tells you that you may need specific loadouts to succeed at missions. This worried me a little but it wasn't all that bad. I did get hung up on some missions but after looking on YouTube for suggested builds, it went smoothly. There are some levels where enemies can one-shot your ship but this is rare. The AI, both enemy and friendly, is a little simple. I lost my ship in a fight only to find my friendly AI trying to engage the flagship. They can be micro controlled but I'm pretty lazy at this.Overall, this game is well worth the money. Even at the full price, this game has a good bit of content. Hopefully the devs keep moving forward and fixing some of these small issues. As I said before, most VR games are complete garbage and a waste of time, which is more valuable than money. This game is not one of those. Anyone with VR should pick this game up."
76561198066407742,Recommended,283160,32900602,Posted: 27 June,all,joeblow,"Wing Commander 2016!!!Been playing Arena Commander in Star Citizen for well over 1000 hours and Elite: Dangerous almost as long, and though the graphic quality of SC is far and away superior, HotDS is actually closer to the original WC in feel than anything I've played in the last 25 years. You absolutely feel just like your flying in space.And let's just say that the graphics are as much better than the original WC DOS version as SC's graphics are above HotDS's. And that really is saying a lot, considering if you've played SC in the last few months, as their graphics are way beyond anyone elses, virtually photographic.So while I went to SC looking for WC 2014, I completely overlooked this wonderful jewel. I have bought and tried every single space-sim on the market in the last 20 years, and I have to say this is actually the best besides SC and E:D. If you've got a good stick or HOTAS, you will be in hog-heaven.  It even fully recognized and used every axis, switch and button on my VKB Gunfighter, X-55 throttle, and MFG Crosswind pedals.If you are a space-sim fan, BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,283160,27270692,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pommy,Game's good. I wish it was longer because everything else about it is basically perfect.
,Recommended,283160,33651302,Posted: 19 July,all,Worsie,It has potential. Looks really good. Wil be nice to play diffrent and bigger ships also
,Recommended,283160,24521326,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Thak,"Best seated VR experience yet.System:HTC Vive6700kGTX108016GB DDR4 3200MhzSamsung Pro 512GBWin 10Pretty overkill for the graphics, but man.. I felt no motion sickness from it (given how I get easily motion sick from VR games, this is a big thing). Does not support the wands though, but been using it with an XBONE controller and it is OK.Gameplay is fast paced and puts you right into the action. No travelling time etc. so die hard space sim nuts might be offed by it.Overall, a must have title for your VR library. Go get it even at full price!"
,Recommended,283160,33230554,Posted: 4 July,all,Zui,Really cool in VR
,Recommended,283160,23506005,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Graham Simmons (Talon_Chora),"A very enjoyable space combat experience. Plays well with a TM Warthog, CH Rudder pedals and a triple screen + trackIR setup.Extremely fast paced and heaps of fun - the two hours I've played just disappeared in minutes."
,Recommended,283160,26523684,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jarmenkell,why cant all space games be like this aye?
,Recommended,283160,26468339,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,WEEDLE,Easily worth the cost. Generally speaking I hate re visiting levels in video games but somehow this game has made it fun. My only issue is that I want more content! The campaign just feels a little short with a lack of upgrades. However I'm excited to see the future of this game and I look forward to seeing how it will progress.
,Recommended,283160,33143224,Posted: 2 July,all,Blast My Chai,Adama: What do you hear?Starbuck: Nothing but the rain.
,Recommended,283160,23445394,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Evil Biff,Easily the most fun I've had in a space shooter since playing Wing Commander for the first time.
,Recommended,283160,34108274,Posted: 8 August,all,Kongha,Fun VR-game that works great on a old gtx 680.Please buy and support the devs.
76561198065406202,Recommended,283160,26391987,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Luca Stamatescu,"I picked this up after going through some mixed reviews- If you have a VIVE, this title is incredible. Compared to a lot of current Vive games, this is a lot longer, and most of all, it is polished. The attention to audio in this game is fantastic.You can also ready clearly all the elements in the cockpit in the VIVE, and navigating everything is easy.Love this game!"
,Recommended,283160,23881022,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Eliminator,"This is probably one of the most fun space shooters ive played. The sound the graphics, the gameplay all work perfectlythough in some missions you feel rather helpless or just overpowered, but of course you fight for the Emporer and not some stupid heretic. YOU ARE THERE TO DISPENCE WITH THE FALSE KING. ONLY A FOOL WILL STAND IN BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR GLORY AS YOU SEND THEM TO WHATEVER HELL THEY WORSHIP NOW. YOUR FLEET IS NOT THE MOST ADVANCED, NOT THE BIGGEST, BUT IT DEFINITLY HAS MORE WILL THEN ANY FLAGSHIP THEY SEND OUR WAY.THE EMPORER WILL RETURN"
,Not Recommended,283160,30887124,Posted: 1 April,all,HerpicleOmnicron5,"Far too short, taking only 2.5 hours to complete on normal. Love the game but that is just not good value unless you are a completionist."
76561197982059072,Recommended,283160,30270257,Posted: 1 March,all,Sinner6,One of the best VR experiences.
76561197978412138,Recommended,283160,23443046,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,wstephenson,"Runs really smoothly in VR on HTC Vive, GTX970, i7-4770, 16GB.The developer has taken care to make the UI work well in VR.Control settings are detailed and powerful.  HOTAS users can set everything up how they like it, if they are willing to invest a little time.The flat-shaded graphics are beautiful and crisp, playing to VR's strengths.  Similarly, the back-story is told with a few broad strokes, setting you up as the evil empire out for vengeance, and the game is clearly a labour of love. The sound design goes for a 'realistic' diegetic style with out-of-cockpit events sounding muted, which gives harsh weapon impacts when your shields go down a jolt of direct threat.I've done 4 easy (Invader) missions so far, and the game feels fun, fast and accessible. You can die quickly but there is no real penalty for doing so (yet). I look forward to figuring out the tactical interface for wingman control and will update this review as I get more into the game"
76561198006169257,Recommended,283160,23441504,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,E4GLEyE,"fun, fast paced, works with HOTAS... i like it :)feels a bit like Hotline Miami in space"
76561198160393896,Recommended,283160,30577225,Posted: 17 March,all,[HSOWA] Trashmaster,"Short, but not too bad.  Not much story at all but fun enough.  Emperor did nothing wrong etc, etc.Those traitors had it coming."
76561198113742847,Recommended,283160,26466323,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TheGerman,Finally a worthy game comes out again.  So far I'm impressed by it and the ability to change all the settings to max it out and change the sound a bit (although the asteroids could have better quality textures). I've completed about 5 missions so far and hope there is a lot more where that came from.  If its one thing I hate its games that last and hour or two and you are done and a lot of VR companies have been doing that.
,Recommended,283160,30318839,Posted: 4 March,all,A1M2,"Fun for a bit, it just seems to lack any real game play, and whilst it trys and fails to have a 'solar empire' side it also fails as a shoot erm up having one enemy per mission YAWNBut it is better than lazerbait"
,Recommended,283160,23467310,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,DeimosRising,"This game itches me in all the right places.  If you love Homeworld, you will love this game.  8/8 pretty gr8 m8"
,Recommended,283160,23439997,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,airport security thigh gaps,"I am absolutely adoring this game. It's fun playing it on a monitor and a headset, but it's really making me want to get a VR setup. The developer did great."
,Recommended,283160,26209351,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,>:3 Robo_Leader,"I bought this because I was looking for a new VR game and the trailer gave me some Colony Wars feelings. I was not disappointed, but instead pleasantly surprised that it was something totally different.If you want to feel like a badass, breeze through this on the one-star difficulty and feel like a hero. If you want to feel fulfilled, ratchet up that difficulty (oh man, you will feel that bump) and pause the action to hop from ship to ship, issue orders, fly strategically, and feel like a commander.Damn this game is good."
,Recommended,283160,33598830,Posted: 16 July,all,markcity,"It's a fun, arcade-style shootemup and (I'm guessing) not too complicated for casual gamers."
,Not Recommended,283160,23455900,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ponut,"I don't know what to think of this game. It's fast, interesting, entertaining and engaging, but it is extremely short. Like movie tickets short. You could legitimately have sex that lasted longer than this game.Also, you can't bind more than one input device [aside from mouse and keyboard, which are supported with one other device]. It supports TrackIR. You can use TiR/Rift/Vive+INPUTDEVICE+M+KB."
,Recommended,283160,33066693,Posted: 30 June,all,BRAK (ง°ل͜°)ง BABALITY,Warhammer 40K and Starfox had a baby and it supports VR.
,Recommended,283160,33170605,Posted: 2 July,all,Shane,If Homeworld and X-Wing had babies
76561198118623945,Not Recommended,283160,34247164,Posted: 14 August,all,Gottkönig,"I really didn't like it. I mean, I really wanted to like it but we didn't connect. The whole concept of this title sounded really attractive to me.It is well made for what it is and the combat looks just fine, I give it that. But it is short, repetetive and ..... I'm disappointed right now.I'm a veteran to these kind of games aswell, played the Freespace saga, played some X parts, played a lot of Star Conflict - especially the latter being a pay2win rip-off but one that at least feels less clumsy and isn't done for after 2 hours.So yes, I played through it now, took me 2 hours on second difficulty throughout the game but .... what am I supposed to do now? Play the handful of missions I allready played, once again?Not enough variety, not enough levels, no different ships to fly with, only like 5 or 6 different weapons and 3 missiles.It is a good game. But unacceptably short for what I paid.Sorry for all the fans out there who liked this but no thumbs up from me."
76561198064643809,Recommended,283160,25477230,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Hobo Misanthropus,"That rare game so tight in focus, so excellent in execution, the most apparent criticism you can level at it is that it leaves you wanting more. A lot more.Of course, there's nitpicks. Some fairly poor balancing with the upgrades, a cumbersome RTS(lite) UI, a less-than intuitive default control scheme (PS4 Dual Shock being used)But at the end of the day, it never gets old drift-strafing enemy carriers using your Purifier Bombs or diving into a furball of enemy fighters holding that trigger until all that's left is shards of metal and broken families.Is around eight hours of gameplay, and a daily ""endless"" challenge map worth the $20 asking price? I certainly think so."
76561198028290353,Recommended,283160,26547862,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,mikereynolds4444,"One of only a handful of AAA Vive games that truly make you appreciate VR and why it's the future of gaming.If you were a fan of the X-Wing/Tie Fighter series or love the aesthetics and the multi-plane 3D strategy of Homeworld, then this game is for you. Easy to pick up and play, hard to master, this game has TONS of replayability. There are very few ""must own"" Vive games (Rec Room, Tilt Brush, Raw Data, Onward, Out of Ammo, etc.), but this is at the top of the list for me.It's not room scale, but that's alright. Sometimes you just want to sit down and blast things. ***** out of 5"
,Not Recommended,283160,26726877,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sweetz,"House of the Dying Sun has great aesthetics and the best implementation of gamepad controls for a space fighter game I've ever played.  Sadly, it's let down by a dire lack of content and an overall game design I found very unfulfilling.The game is kind of ""mechanical"" to a fault, with little flavor to the between mission presentation beyond an inspired font choice.  What story you get is in very short text blurbs.  It has only 14 missions and it's intended for you to play those missions multiple times at progressively higher difficulties; but while the missions do change a bit between difficulties (mostly just additional ships), they're still not different enough that I'd take their slight variations in lieu of a more lengthy traditional campaign.In addition to the small number of missions, they also go by too quickly.  Every mission has a hard time limit enforced by a more or less unbeatable ship warping in.  You're constantly being rushed to the extent that you barely have time to take in what's going on in a mission.  I often failed missions not because I was killed, but rather because I actually tried to enjoy dogfighting a bit instead of just making a beeline for the objective, and ran out of time.  I personally think that being under a time limit in a game is rarely enjoyable and here's an entire game built around that concept.In my hour with the game I already got through 10 of the 14 missions and at that point I had to evaluate whether I had any interest in playing them again and again to get my money's worth.  I just couldn't see myself doing that, so I had to make the somewhat tough choice to return the game.HotDS isn't bad, in some ways it's quite good, but for me, that kind of makes it all the more massively disappointing because all I could see when I played it is the missed potential for something so much better.  I wish the game had a slightly larger team behind it that could create a campaign that more closely resembled the story based space fighters of yore. A game with around 30 or so longer lasting, hand-crafted missions and more elaborate development and presentation of the story between missions (even if it was just ""motion comics"" or something like that) would be amazing"
,Recommended,283160,26375507,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Army of None,"House of the Dying Sun is the most evocative, beautiful space shooter in years. Playing this in VR has been one of the highlights of my year."
,Recommended,283160,23444390,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Keyframe,Only played for a bit but works great with the Vive and is fun as hell in VR.
,Recommended,283160,23444814,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,smartACE,"Wow! Fantastic work. The graphics, audio and gameplay are all top notch. Music has a great BSG feel and works perfectly for the game. Controls are really good, takes a bit to get used to the button layout but feels great in VR."
,Recommended,283160,23763392,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shiza Riku,A space sim that is almost done unlike some.
,Not Recommended,283160,23912252,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dukeboys HIGH OCTANE SCREAM,"I would like to reccomend this game, I really would. So let me pro/con this as simple as possible.All my opinions are based on use through the HTC Vive + XBox controllerPro's-1) The controls are fantastic, everything feels smooth and appropriate2) The UI does work even if it takes some getting used to (will hit on this further in cons)3) The map and enormous feel of everything is spot on4) Sound effects are spot on and sound design in general is quite nice5) Options menu is actually pretty good for this sort of gameCon's-1) No tutorial beyond basic controls2) Mission goals can be very vague3) Upgrade system is never explained4) Damage (both done and recieved) doesn't feel impactful5) The UI can be tough to understand, namely the health system of YOUR ships5) Game is BRUTAL tough and this stems from lack of tutorials6) No explaination of game mechanics beyond inside your ship7) No method of explaining why you failed a mission8) Game is repetative and you see just about everything inside of 2 hours of play9) Lack of ingame economy of any kind makes the goals feel lackingI want to like this game, you have no idea how badly I do, but *sigh* it falls apart.At the end of the day I just wouldn't recommend what this game has to offer at any price tag above $10That is to say, this is a great start Marauder Interactive, LLC. I truly hope you guys can bring out the full potential to this game."
,Not Recommended,283160,26456283,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Bricksey,"Nothing major has changed from early access, still feels like an early alpha and it takes about an hour to beat with a mediocre ending. Take a look at ""Everspace"" instead."
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,283160,34809665,Posted: 8 September,all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"I bought this game on a 50% off sale and I thought it was a good deal considering the good reviews. Well, it's not, the gameplay itself is merely okay. Some things are done well like being able to turn and face your enemy while continuing to move on your original vector but overall it's missing something, the big fleet engagements just aren't fun like they are in games like X and Freelancer. And it gets repetitive very quickly.I think another major flaw is the mission structure, the missions objectives are almost always ""Destroy Target X"" with a few ""Escort"" missions sprinkled in. What makes these missions worse than similar missions in other space games is that you have a limited amount of time in the area of operations before the enemy flagship rocks up. Once the flagship has arrived you have wrap up quick and evac. I don't like time pressure in my games, I would like to be able to complete missions at my own pace.Another thing I have to bring up is the lack of content. The missions are only small and there is not many of them. I have completed the entire campaign while having to redo multiple missions due to failing them and I have played with the challenge mode and all that took me less than 3 hours. The replayability isn't there at all, the challenge mode has a ridiculous ""kill ship to extend time in AO"" structure that doesn't make sense and isn't fun.At first I didn't understand why this game has a ""Very Positive"" rating but then it dawned on me, it's a VR game and there is almost nothing to play in VR hence any semi-competent game will get rave reviews. If you have a VR setup, this game might give you a few hours of okayish gameplay, if you don't get something else, this game is poor value even with 50% off."
76561197969972898,Not Recommended,283160,23481195,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,StoneMason,"House of the Dying Sun has so much wasted potential. While techincally excellent, though at times lacking in polish, it completely fails to build any tension, instead throwing the player into a handful of short combat gauntlets.At some point the developer has decided that his procedural generation was working to produce too much empty 'time' and the game needed to be pared down to make it fun. In doing so he's lost a major part of what makes the combat exciting. Downtime, planning, random situations, travel time, even in very small amounts these work to bring you into the world and give you a stake in the fight. Instead you'll find yourself sitting in the map paused trying to work out things you should have discovered before you decided to go in.Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any plan to return this to an open-world roguelike, I'd suggest your time and money is better spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,283160,23441293,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,charliewaffles,"Why release your game on PC if you have absolutely no intention of making the game playable on Mouse and Keyboard? Right from the get go, at least half of the keys are unbinded, which is already a huge pain in the butt. Then you get to the actual mouse and keyboard controls, which are floaty as hell and lack the precision needed to enjoy a game like this. These are basic things that should've been addressed before the game came out. I'll update the review once these basic features are implemented properly.Edit: I still don't like the fact that they prioritized gamepads over mouse and keyboard, but the developer's been great so for that reason alone I'm switching my score from negative to positive. It's a rare sight these days to see a Developer that actually engages with the consumer, instead of getting butthurt over constructive criticism."
,Not Recommended,283160,32355148,Posted: 11 June,all,vittau,"As much as I wanted to like this game, it's not making that an easy task. For starters the game is somewhat buggy, it became completely unresponsive to keys and stuck in a limbo twice in an hour of gameplay.Also the game has zero story, and gameplay is shallow compared to something like X-Wing Alliance. Lack of textures in asteroids can be confusing and constantly had me crashing onto them. The game has no proper support for joystick (throttle doesn't work well), I eventually gave up and ended up using mouse and keyboard."
,Not Recommended,283160,34179042,Posted: 11 August,all,PappaDunc,"i bought the game because it was on sale and thought. "" ooh thats a great deal, you read that i say no but really what i mean is that i dont recommend it for people who get bored of the same thing quickly. It doesnt have much replay value either, after i finished the campain i thought, ""oh, what now???"" expecting that there would be something else i rechecked the home page and i got a tad bit annoyed that their wasnt anything else to do. IF YOU DON'T LIKE REPITITION OR NON- REPLAY VALUE THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU."
76561198097641030,Not Recommended,283160,28994130,Posted: 3 January,all,Decapper,"Maybe Im missing something - Summary is its boring. Choose a map sector, attack or defend ships, when done get out before indestructable ship arrives.I played this for an hr hoping it would get better, but it didnt of course. After every mission I thought like I hadnt accomplished anything. Even after I destoryed the main objective. Music I turned off real quick as it added nothing to the atmosphere. Overall sound was a let down and it made me feel like I was playing with a tv strapped to my face rather than VR. The cockpit I only looked at a couple times as it seemed like I didnt need to and it served no purpose. Graphics are ok I suppose. X52 was ok too.I thought at the start great ELITE with a goal. How wrong was I."
,Recommended,283160,26456688,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Tyrrin,This game is INCREDIBLE on the VIVE!
76561197972947102,Recommended,283160,23439594,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shawdawg,"Amazing game taking you back to Tie Fighter and Freespace.Controls very well, using a gamepad to play is easy.Graphically beautiful, has a homeworld asthetic to it.Sounds and music pump you up for the battle.While it does not have the procedurely generated battle maps, the game does let you choose the order you want to do the missions once you start unlocking more of them.Story is simple, but works perfectly well for what your task is: Avenge your Emperor.Unlock better equipment and weapons for your craft by completing objectives.To be honest, I have no cons an this moment....the time I played encountered no bugs, graphical or sound glitches, problem with controls, or bad AI."
,Recommended,283160,23439834,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MarkyUE,"So far this feels like a very polished and focussed game. The menu system and third person views are sharp and captivating, the cockpit space and handling feel good and the combat so far is fun. I can't wait to find more time for this, and so far I haven't felt any sickness regardless of my crazy dogfight twists and turns."
,Recommended,283160,23440013,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,maximilianyuen,"Really impressed with my first 3 maps. Most of the things run smoothly and exceed my high expectation that Elite Dangerous has fail (in terms of VR to be specific).Works without any need of custom setting in option with Vive and PS4 controller, can jump start right away.Well worth the price for it currently offer if you ask me, Most likely the best purcahse on steam this year.Some suggestion/question/bug I have so far:1) seems there's not much room for advance manuver. You can now either go where your nose point to, or drift in a straight line and point anywhere. I would expect to able to perform a mix of it, i.e. I can boost while drifting to change my path in a much more dynamic way.2) on mission where you esceort an assault ship, there seems to be a bug when you warp away as soon as the traitor flagship  come. I got a message that I abandoned the objective during the long warp, then the assault ship come in and said mission completed. then I am left in that empty space not able to do anything. no where to warp to, not even going back.3) When my ship explode the debris focus is too close to my eye in VR and that's the most/only uncomfortable moment I had.4) Can we have some random generated map/mission later instead/on top of the endless survive wave?"
,Recommended,283160,26445839,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,M1Combat,Seems to have HOTAS support for me...I'm running a Saitek X65F with a set of Clubsport racing pedals mapped theough a virtual controller device that shows up as a third controller in game.I was able to map everything perfectly and it all works great. The game has HOTAS support you just need to map the buttons/axis yourself.As far as the game itself...  Simple but fun so far.  HAven't played a lot but I don't see anything I don't like yet :)
,Recommended,283160,33582404,Posted: 16 July,all,McHall,"Do you like space sims?Buy this gameDo you like drums?Buy this gameDo you like both?BUY THIS GAMEJUST BUY THE DAMN GAME, SCIAMACH."
76561198112335919,Recommended,283160,23475996,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,"PHREAKING YEAH - This is why I bought VR! I've not been really impressed with much so far and I have them all.  THIS SHOWS WHAT CAN BE DONE.  The res is great - even the tiny stars when in map mode (near vision) are tiny high res pixels.  I thought that was it (map mode) I hit a button, was inside the ship and HOLY SHEEEET.  Phreaking amazing.  I read reviews said not much there - but it's EARLY RELEASE - suggest what to add. I don't even get what's going on totally yet, but just playing the training mission is a blast. Probably my fav VR app so far.I went back for another HOUR - totally get it now.  TOTALLY INSANE without question the best VR game/app available to date.  Not sure how many missions... but so far from what I see i'd easily be happy at 59.95.  (provided there are enough missions to require several hours of play.  I'm sure they'll add more.   This is PERFECTION."
76561197970506871,Recommended,283160,23503662,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Metalhead79,"21:9 support, TrackIR support. Nice graphics, fun gameplay. What's not to like?"
76561198034515936,Recommended,283160,23510464,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TTPaine,"A fantastic game that is probably the first noteworthy title in 15 years for a genre that largely disappeared.  $18 very well spent.  Played with mouse and keyboard, didn't use VR.Others have noted the excellent source material it draws on: Homeworld, Freespace, Battlestar Galactica.The hit-and-run approach to mission design gives the gameplay a great sense of urgency.  The music helped a lot there, too.  I played it all the way through, and the last mission was particularly gratifying.  For an early access game, it feels very well developed.My only disappointment (I won't say complaint) is the lack of multiplayer.  Hope to see more content or other titles from this developer soon."
,Recommended,283160,23493899,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,zeziv5150,"There's a lot of detailed reviews down below, so i will keep it very simple and objetive:+ It's a GREAT game! It's beautiful and plays great!+ The flight mechanics feel great, not too simple neither over complicated, just the right amount to you have a blast with a touch of ""realism""+ I've been looking for a modern Space Combat Sim  that was truly fun (unlike ED that you have to spend hours and hours on it and it have a empty feel about it) and this was spot on! Feels like a modern Freespace combined with Tie Fighter.- It's waaay too short :-( I played every mission on easy mode in less than 4 hoursBottom line: the game have LOTS of potential. Please developers, you have something special in your hands, don't throw it away.Suggetions:- More missions or make the current missions longer, with checkpoints and waves of enemies and objectives (like Freespace).- A pinch of story was plus, so maybe elaborate more to get us more involved with the plot."
76561198072916634,Recommended,283160,23514234,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mustard on that beat hoe,enders game simulator almost 10/10
76561198007239633,Recommended,283160,23443711,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ryharrin,"Wow, wow, wow. This is the VR game I've been waiting for. One hour in and I'm already in love. It brings me right back to the days of playing X-Wing and Tie Fighter. Except now I'm in the cockpit in VR. Fantastic!"
,Recommended,283160,23440270,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Turtles Ad Infinitum,"House of the Dying Sun is all around a great game. In HotDS you must make your way through missions, eliminating traitorous lords and destroying their false empire. As you go through these missions you grow your fleet, and gain access to new weapons. Each mission has three difficulties which you can complete to earn points which you can spend on ship upgrades. In these missions you can choose to use a tactical map and/or commands which allow you to control your fleet. This is really where there game shines in my opinion. I really enjoy switching between the fast-paced cockpit of my Executor and the tactical map. If this game looks at all enjoyable to you, or you love the combat in games like Elite: Dangerous or Star Citizen, then I would highly recommend House of the Dying Sun to you."
76561198035139493,Recommended,283160,23507234,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sullisters,"When I first saw this game a three days ago, I was hooked from the start. The combat is quite polished, and the replayability of the missions are not JUST on higher difficulty, the combat AI is smarter and more aggressive. Also the enemies you fight through the difficulties change based on the level. Although the lore/story are short, I found them very good and unique, honestly one of my favorite parts of the game.10/10 - Would accidentally drift my ship into an asteroid again."
,Not Recommended,283160,34730890,Posted: 4 September,all,Rak,"This game has very satisfying graphics style that is reminiscent of Homeworld and the ship handling is pretty good. Dogfights feel satisfying.However, there is very little content in this game. When you beat the campaign which takes about 2-3 hours or so, there's very little reason to keep playing. The story was pretty standard too. Since the core gameplay is so much fun I feel like this game wasted lots of its potential. It could have been bigger and more epic. Instead what we have is just a series of ""Go in and destroy X before the timer runs out."" type of challenges.I hope for the next game the developer invests in the story and mission making more now that the mechanics are in place. It's a good game if you're into space combat but know that it only will last at most 3 hours with very little story content if you're not a completionist."
76561197970547814,Recommended,283160,24970087,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,C0MBINE S0LDIER,Interesting
76561198093061896,Recommended,283160,23798101,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,chasetheace,Very happy with my purchase. This game is awesome.
,Recommended,283160,28605397,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Napoleon Blownapart,"House of the Dying Sun is a great fast-paced space combat game. I played with my HTC Vive and Steam Controller, which provided a great experience, and I am sure it would be fun out of VR as well. The game offers a great challenge without being impossible, and the missions are short enough that you can feel accomplishement even if you only have 15 minutes to play. The ""hit and run"" playstyle is a blast, and adds just enough tension to keep you on the edge of your seat without feeling overly stressed."
,Recommended,283160,28452007,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,JamDark,"Just started playing, awesome space fighter sim, had to stop myself from trying to touch parts of the cockpit."
,Recommended,283160,28551412,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,kahn66,"It's Battlestar Galactica the game! It takes some time to get used to manuevering in space, but once you get it the game quickly becomes the most immersive VR game available."
,Recommended,283160,32244348,Posted: 7 June,all,andybak,Beautiful and easy to get the hang of. I just need to find the time to play more of it.
76561198023255114,Recommended,283160,23446509,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ev9d,"Wow,   this game is awesome. feels like I am flying a viper in battlestar."
,Recommended,283160,27320839,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LucanC,Live out your battlestar genocide fantasy.
,Recommended,283160,27701927,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hendar23,"There is a lot of concern that this game is 'too short'. Yes, you could crash through the missions once in an evening, but that is not how the game is supposed to played. Each mission is designed to played played multiple times in different diffculty modes. Then there are the daily challenges, the 'end game' if you will. I've put 30 hours into this game so far, thats far more than most game I buy.To the game proper. The minute to minute gameplay is excellent. Fast, brutal dogfighting. I can't say much about the game mechanics, just trust me if you like old school space sim combat then you are in safe hands here.The atmosphere though, oh my. The muffled, almost subsonic rumble of the weapons. The radio chatter. The audio is incredible. The story is beautifully hinted at. You will want to unlock all the story snippets. Grand space opera light on details. Loved it.Oh but you have a Vive? Yeah then just buy it. I've had a chance to play a few VR games, and the ones I've seen so far are really just mini game tech demos. This game blew me away when I tried it in VR. You are in your ship. The increase in situational awareness is amazing, Ships and asteriods are vast, physical things. The sense of being in a vehicle whipping about in 3D space is incredible.So yeah, I like it."
76561197961380748,Recommended,283160,23445789,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jovian,Just picked up this game and I am very happy so far! You play with a controller. I had some hiccups with dropped frames in VR so I turned down anti-aliasing from x4 to 0 and now it runs very smooth (GPU is a 970 by the way).Very cool art (reminds me of Homeworld as well) and so far I am having a blast!Great job devs!
,Recommended,283160,28651028,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,maggy,Really good space fighter game. But i have nothing to compare this game to so yeah
,Recommended,283160,23492194,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Silencer,"This game does almost everything perfectly as far as a space shooter goes, I would say if you like space shooters and liked Homeworld then this is a must buy. The only thing that I felt was lacking was the same thing that everyone else felt was lacking: CONTENT. There simply isn't enough meat in here yet, but by the end of Summer the devs expect to add new modes which will probably make this one of my fav games. The immersion was absolutely astounding and I hope more space shooters lean in this direction in the future. There is some replay value in the campaign in the form of difficulty modes. But if you don't like that then you should wait until it gets out of EA. As far as it being in EA I haven't noticed a single bug and the game runs perfectly, I can't vouch for VR playability however as I do not have one. Overall I think this game knows what it is doing and won't dissapoint fans of the space shooter genre."
76561198076134164,Recommended,283160,30322504,Posted: 4 March,all,Mr. Potato Head,star wars
,Recommended,283160,23506616,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,andyF,"Not played for long, but with an Oculus Rift it's a fun, immersive game that feels more fun for me than the likes of EVE Valk. The core gameplay seems solid, so this is an early access thumbs up for now! Love the graphic style and the homeworld-y feel of the tactical overview / fleet order screen. Very nice indeed.No apparent motion sickness symptoms after 30 mins of playing."
76561198060615896,Recommended,283160,23514703,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Yatem,"Pros- Super nice controls- Great gameplay mechanics (diping in and out of shields, long range attacks, drifting)- Some actual strats are necessary to win most levels- good homeworld esc rts interface- beautifull minamalistic esthetic- amazing sound design- enticing mission descriptions and background lore- (on hardbringer) features actually challenging levels that are very rewarding once completed- you play as the bad guys for once :DCons- a bit of a short campain, (6 hours on the hardest difficulty)- as you progress and build your fleet missions seem to only get easier rather than harder- not alot of atatchement to your fleet. (You never feek bad when you lose a frigate or a fighter because once you get enough kills another one will pop in, or by the next level your fleet will be replenished)Overall I'd give it a 6.5/10 mainly for how short the game is at the moment. If there were more missions, maybe double the length it is now with new mechanics and twists included I'd give it an 8.5. I still think it's worth the pick up right now, it really is a fun game."
76561198020455049,Recommended,283160,23509450,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,DigitalMartyr,"For a game that's early access. I am very impressed. The game might as well be finished, I never like to gamble with early access games but this one made me glad I did. Looking forward to what ""House of the Dying Sun"" has to offer in the future."
76561197972326046,Recommended,283160,29119859,Posted: 8 January,all,icepik,10/10 would purge the galaxy of rebels again.
,Recommended,283160,23838206,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Crover C. Crewe,"If become an Ace pilot doesn't cut for you? Order everyone to fire at the biggest ship, sit back and watch some space war opera from the best view possible.This is a must get for anyone who love space combat....but not too complicate....and have a VR headset too."
76561198038079571,Recommended,283160,23651121,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,suncat,House of the Dying Sun is amazing!!!
,Recommended,283160,23440339,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,WILL-E,badass game
76561197964062996,Recommended,283160,29266184,Posted: 14 January,all,Gillies,"awesome seated vr experience, probably the best"
,Recommended,283160,34248094,Posted: 14 August,all,Vorktis,house of the dying sun is the sequel to the song house of the rising sun made by some boys uhhhh i know some of my friends say its really a spiritual sucessor but they are dumb ignore them please
,Recommended,283160,32367050,Posted: 12 June,all,TheRyderShotgun,THE EMPEROR IS NOT DEAD.NAUGHT BUT LIES SPUN BY THE AGENTS OF CHAOS.WE ARE THE IMPERIAL NAVY. AND WE WILL PURGE ALL HERETICS AND TRAITORS THAT DARE TREAD UPON IMPERIAL SPACE.
76561198067922813,Recommended,283160,26090693,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Professor Heat,"fun game, lacks content"
,Recommended,283160,25968834,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Langis,"Very short, but incredibly atmospheric and well made."
,Recommended,283160,25892450,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,<deft>,"Very fun in VR. If you liked the x-wing series of games, this is for you"
,Recommended,283160,23529874,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SlurpyDurpy,"Loved the game. Was tons of fun and an incredible VR experience. Elite dangerous promised VR but failed to suport it properly, game looksed awful and pixalated. House of the Dying Sun provided a good mix of a small rts element and a nice good cockpit piloting. Yes the game is short but the expirience is very much so worth it.  ***SPOILER***The final mission reminded me of Ender's Game ending, and I loved it.***SPOILER END*** This is currently one of the best VR games, and my personaly favorite.Pros:-Best VR Flying Sim Game so Far.-Interesting mechanics with the ability to controll and order a squadren.-Gameplay is very smoth and well made.-Graphically plecent and is a nice style for VR.___EDIT:___Well looks like there are no more cons left as the developers added a survival wave mode. Got to wave 14 with screaming, laughting, crying and just a blender of emotions. 10/10 would blow some♥♥♥♥♥♥up again."
,Recommended,283160,23652726,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,GHoooSTS,SPACE FIGHTplay it u idiot
76561198047280627,Recommended,283160,27054728,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Can't Believe He,"Seen some reviews comparing this to a lovechild of Freespace 2 and Homeworld, their absolutely right.Also, this is the best VR game I've played.Bring them ruin, Dragon."
76561198025938704,Recommended,283160,23457926,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Dr.NaCl,So sweet when a ship flies over your head and you can eaily look up and get locked back on!
76561198047771937,Not Recommended,283160,25000469,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,RAPTOR JESUS,great game buuuuuut...... that's it. There not planing on adding any new content at all what your buying is what your getting. A cool space sim that will keep you busy for 4 hours. Definitely not worth the 22$ price tag.
,Recommended,283160,23460963,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,WillyWheels,10/10 It's everything you wanted from Battlestar Galatica.
,Recommended,283160,23473681,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TovarishchDoge,You can order your wingman to kamikaze an enemy 10/10 would be honorable again.
,Not Recommended,283160,23458486,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SoapyTarantula,Great space combat with not enough game to really justify picking it up.
,Recommended,283160,26377942,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TheDaringCaptain,"Only buy it on sale, as amazing as the presentation is there's almost no actual game to recommend."
76561197988392714,Recommended,283160,26378184,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,WASP,"It's like flying a Hiigaran interceptor in the mission ""Great Wastelands"".You want revenge, and you will get it!"
76561198068633638,Recommended,283160,24529366,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,StingingRumble,"Playing on the HTC VIVE, was a bit tough tring to figure out how to properly configure my HOTAS, but once all the controls were mapped out the game was a load of fun! im currenlty stuck on the second mission.... trying to beat on highest difficulty.... i cant do it haahaha.. gotta kill off the bonus fighter ships to upgrade my ship.. game is very well made!"
76561198026375593,Recommended,283160,28455110,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,hotel_apocalypso,"This game is totally awesome, please for god's sake release some DLC missions!I loved this game, so pure!"
,Recommended,283160,23442759,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Epiclol86,"tl,dr : This game is really impressive!pros:-stunning visuals-really nice controls, on keyboard and mice and with a controller-unintrusive HUD-stellar performance, lots of fps even with settings on ultra-high content/price ratio!-the levels are not too easy, and can be very hard if you choose toocons:-still has some bugs (i've written this review on first day of earlz access, they should be fixed soon)-the voices have too much interference in them, making them quite hard to understand-the campain is a bit short (3 hours and you should have finished all levels, though not on high difficulty)other comments:the game is a bit silent, but i find this quite nice and immersive. there still is music in the background but it's quite low relative to the noise of chatter, engines and guns. It is quite impressive how this game has a stellar performance, considering the impressive visuals, even when the graphics are set to ultra. I will certainly keep playing it after beating the campain!I recommend this game to anyone!"
76561197960830998,Recommended,283160,25256543,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,-=DVF=-De-Guvnor,"Update - Still a great game, will take some time to 100% despite what some people are saying in here. Smooth, great sound effects, graphics and ""atmosphere"" - certainly in my top 5 of finished and polished seated Vive games.>>> OLD REVIEWOwned this since launch - it's a fast paced classic space combat simulator in the style of the good ol' days.I'm using an xbox one controller and it maps well.HTC VIVE owner, bought this on launch, popped in for 5 minutes or so a few times and came back to it now (August) the progress is outstanding and its becoming very well polished.Good to enough to consider as a current Vive title in my library, I hope I get to plough hours into this."
76561198199304935,Recommended,283160,32331742,Posted: 10 June,all,Fincal123,no refund needed
76561198048974553,Recommended,283160,26364747,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Popcork,"Really tight game that scratches that space starfighter itch everyone has at somepoint. The campaign by itself will only take you 3-5 hours, but most of its longevity comes from trying harder difficulties and playing the challenge mode. Generally something you dont binge for hours on end though."
,Recommended,283160,26364936,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Alexis,"What an outstanding little game, with the tiny install size from the low fidelity graphics yet clean and beautiful presentation make this immersive space shooter a true successor to the space games of the 90s and noughtiesVery well done!"
,Recommended,283160,26368431,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Xlis1,"verry imersive, fun combat, looks nice, only downside i can think of is you cant doge projectiles"
76561198077699521,Not Recommended,283160,23515987,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Black Ygritte,My Saitek X52 Stick would not work! Sad face will not play without a stick.
,Recommended,283160,23438825,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Faust,"I'm only four mission in, but I'm enjoying this game emmensely so far. The controller scheeme is just right, responsive and not too complex or too simple. The tactical focus of the game really shines through, and I love the map feature on each level. The difficulty and bonus objectives seem just right as well, I have enjoyed multiple playthoughs of each of the early levels on multiple difficulty settings, asnd I appreciate how higher difficulty levels are achieved, the scenarios change somewhat, as opposed to simply tweaking weapon damage and such.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys tactical shooters and space games."
,Not Recommended,283160,23463197,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,XanatosTV,It's soooooo much fun but it's just too short.
,Not Recommended,283160,23481176,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,LiveSlowDieWhenever,"Mouse and keyboard control is a pain, wildly inconsistent damage model (point blank shots on targeted enemies weren't connecting while long range hail mary shots with the same weapon seemed to melt them) tutorial teaches you virtually nothing, and I failed the second mission at least half a dozen times due to being unable to find the damn escape vector - which you would expect to be fairly obvious - after a completing a mission and ended up getting torn apart by the flagship.Might be fun in VR where you can actually look around, but this game is NOT for standard mouse and keyboard PC play."
,Recommended,283160,32154182,Posted: 3 June,all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"updated reviewAfter putting some more time into this game i must say it starts off easy ...but can really test your skills lolThis game is pretty and i like the lighting and the ships look also.Controls are right on and i like how you can take over a fighter and join in and comand the rest of your forces <which grow as you play>.Camera spin when out of ship is awesome and gives you a look at the battlefield so you always know whats going on around your fleet.The load outs are cool and you pick them to suit your needs for each mission and also for your forces so picking the right loadout later when things get harder is key to victory.This is not an open world where you fly around looking to fight but a timed fast paced game that makes you have to fight .You pick a mission try to get the bonus objectives to gain more points to upgrade your fleet.Challenge mode is fun and keeps you going after you play though missions <I still must beat the game but have seen a friend play who has> Feels a little bit like everspace but on a timer.Sound is good but the sound of the ships engines are abit overpoweringOverall I like the game and will keep playing , if on a sale pick it up if you feel more comfortable."
76561198257053394,Not Recommended,283160,23487733,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,I Use My Male Intuition,"Games like these are really good, and have great potential, but I found the controls on this game to be weird and hard to use, which kept me from enjoying the game."
,Not Recommended,283160,24151854,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TuftyIndigo,"I have been super hyped about this game for more than a year but the reality is super disappointing. Continual hangs make the game unplayable in VR. The developer has proposed a workaround (disable VR and use DX9 mode) but that only reduces the problem: it still hangs frequently. The HUD is hard to use and not very pretty, and the sound design is awful. Important voice messages from your wingmen are muffled and almost inaudible.The developer changed the way the one remaining game mode works shortly before release, and the gameplay feels lacklustre as a result. It's more like an arcade shooter than a tactical experience, but without the visceral rewards that the best arcade games offer."
,Recommended,283160,23441329,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Godislove4u,way cool u got to start steam vr first then it works on the oculus rift if u have a dk2 just download the runtime for the cv1 it worls on the dk2 this game is very cool looks nice in vr a nice change from elite dangerous and star citizen very cool praise Jesus
,Recommended,283160,26702458,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,heftyfunseeker,just buy it
76561198014344003,Recommended,283160,23459320,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Viix ☭,This game is a real good surpriseIt work really well with the htc viveI recomend it if you like fighting like elite dangerous
,Not Recommended,283160,30253823,Posted: 28 February,all,BEEEEEES,"20$ ""get killed by missiles simulator"". Interceptors are such♥♥♥♥♥♥ants to start and I don't think I have the patience to farm up to flak drones just to not be killed by missiles all the time."
,Not Recommended,283160,23949940,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Drake Andrews,"This is a very pretty game, and the sound design is fantastic. But it expects that you already know how to play it, gives virtually zero feedback and swings between ludicrously easy (early levels on lower difficulties) and basically impossible (mid-game levels).- There is very little feedback for motion or speed.- There is very little feedback when you get hit- The UI contains very little visual feedback for anything- Weapons feel completely anemic- The upgrade system has zero explanation- The tutorial explains the absolute basics on how to fly and nothing else- The tactical view is never really explained- Orders are too vague to be of any use- You are repeadely punished with reinforcements because ""a ship escaped"". This happened multiple times when I was following the only ship left alive- It's often really hard to find out what you're actually supposed to do in a mission+ It's pretty+ The sound design is mostly very good+ Did I mention it's pretty? It is very pretty"
,Not Recommended,283160,24606309,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,"Where's the leak, ma'am?","The concept is quite cool, but there isn't enough content as of now. Even flying around gets boring after a little while, and really the entire game is doing just that."
,Not Recommended,283160,24607773,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Dorkseid,Simply not enough content to warrant the current price tag.
,Not Recommended,283160,25044203,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kylon99,"If you want to play in VR or with a controller that is not the XBOX controller, don't get this game.  Don't even try VR WITH a joystick.  You can't even get past menus!It's been awhile but they have simply not fixed the menu problems.  They have recently overhauled the input system but it takes an inordinate amount of time to bind to the tons of buttons for a very simple arcade space game.  If you must play, get an XBOX controller, or try to fly with mouse and keyboard.  And don't bother with VR.If they ever fix this, I'll change my review.  If... ever... they fix it."
76561197969710226,Recommended,283160,26369119,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Real_warrior,This is the game i've been looking for since Freespace 2.  I just wish it was longer.Absolutely still worth the 20 bucks though.
,Not Recommended,283160,32783247,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,"Has some good ideas, it feels like a mix between strategy and space fighter sim, but NO STORY and it's quite repetative you will really get bored."
76561197979022348,Not Recommended,283160,29615824,Posted: 31 January,all,OverDhill,This game is written using Unity and Rewired (an adavnced inout system for Unity) and thus should be able to handle any joystick setup. Unfortunately the implementation within this game has a flaw in that it will not save the joystick assignments even though they work while playing the game but not after a reload. So that is why it now states it supports only gamepads.I swear these programmers today seem to have a lot of problems with joysticks (most don't even own one). If you have a couple controllers hooked to your system it should work but otherwise forget it.
76561198052074944,Not Recommended,283160,29510454,Posted: 26 January,all,Koerschgen,"As a Spacesim fan buying this after i got my VR was a no brainer.But in the end I refunded it mainly because of two reasons.1) The options for the controls are very simple and lacking. I like me some very complicated control schemes in my Space-Sim and this game just provides the absolute basics.2) Number 2. and the real reason for the refund was the max resolution in VR mode.It's not even near what the HMDs actually can render on their screens and because of this the game becomes a blurry mess, especially in the faster paced parts of gameplay.Normally i wouldn't care that much about the resolution on the game.But space + blurry mess + VR = eyestrain.It was basically impossible for me to endure for longer periods of time and is a problem i don't have in a comparable game like Elite:Dangerous that gives you more freedom with your GFX settings."
,Recommended,283160,32270535,Posted: 8 June,all,Bear,fun
,Not Recommended,283160,23652135,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Daimo,"I've followed this for years on the forums and even bought the enemy starfighter poster.Bottom line It's just damn unsatisfying to play.The story is barebones (click, click, click I'm in game - don't know why I'll just read the objectives).The ships are paper thin, even a slight nudge will kill you.Combat is weak - can't dodge shots in any way just wait for them to hit you and when they do there is little feedback until you die.Sound is muddy, which is stylistic but conveys no actual information. Again it's up to you to read the briefing and play it by ear.Nothing has any permanence - fail a mission? Doesn't matter hit replay. Lose a ship, doesn't matter try a previous mission on a higher difficulty. Grind to unlock until you win.If I could get a refund I would."
,Not Recommended,283160,24261281,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,eobet,"This was going to be the ""killer app"" for VR in my book... well, that was before Star Citizen and Elite (yes, that's how long its been in development). It was going to have a dynamically generated campaign with infinite rouge-like content and fleet management. Instead, we got 14 canned missions, some which can be completed in around 3 minutes...I'm not totally sad about it though, because to my great surprise, even though it looks fantastic, it feels... ""off""... at least in VR. Something is not right about either the scale, or the design of the cockpit and environments. Gameplay also feels ""off"" somehow. Perhaps it's the fact that you are flying a spaceship with a gamepad. It doesn't officially support other controllers, and it is very difficult to remap to a stick and still feel that you have a playable game.I will play more, but so far, this has been my biggest gaming disappointment since Godus."
,Not Recommended,283160,28852511,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cbnnexus,"Embarrassingly bad UI. Horrible training. Very little explanation of how to juggle mission objectives and bonuses, or control wingmen. Wish I'd never bought it. Looks fun, but is NOT fun to play. Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,283160,24399591,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Face Hugger,"Hold off until they can do some tuning. One quickly encounters enemies that are ultra aware, unerringly firing upon all targets no matter which direction they're facing. Such enemies may even fly in pairs, simultaneously engaging targets (your spacecraft) behind and in front of them, making any victory plain dumb luck rather than any kind of tactical or skillful achievement.There's plenty of promise here but it's painfully clear that this game is in early, early access."
76561197970653316,Not Recommended,283160,24100415,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nova66,This thing doesn't use the Vive controllers and that's a real pity. The cockpit might as well not even exist as the xbox controller offers no hand presence at all and the control scheme is simply horrible to use.
76561197970419448,Not Recommended,283160,26379212,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Jikharev,"A spacegame without official HOTAS support... That's like a racing game that doesn't support a wheel and pedals. Steam says I've played for over 2 hours, but most of that time was spent fiddling with controls in menus, trying to find which hidden binding conflicted with another binding I never use. I don't get what all the hype is, it just doesn't do it for me. I tried to like it, really did, but ultimately can't be bothered."
,Not Recommended,283160,34883046,Posted: 11 September,all,jasmeralia,"I had high hopes for this game after investing in a good HOTAS rig for Elite Dangerous. When actually in a dog fight, this game performs admirably, but that's the best I can say about it, that they got to core mechanics right. There's a story premise to this game but it doesn't actually do jack for telling that story. It's just a set of missions. Adding in some cinematics to lay down story beats at the start of the game and at various progression points would make this much better. Also their HOTAS support is bunk, I had to manually configure the game to put it into Saitek mode on every launch of the game, and the controls are very unintuitive compared to Elite Dangerous ao I had to remap some important keys (I think I also had to do that every launch but I can't remember at this point). I know the game supports VR; my opinion is that is sacrificed the story bu#ger for the VR budget."
76561198082959567,Not Recommended,283160,26699210,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BurgerKrieg,"Nope. It's just too confusing and non descript to be anything other that frustrating. What does all that beeping mean? Is that a good sound or a bad one? Who knows, the dev? Well he's not telling. It must be a secret.I could go into detail but rather here's one little thing that says it all.Enemy targets are highlighted in Blue, friendly ships in Orange/red.So no.Just no."
,Not Recommended,283160,32323231,Posted: 10 June,all,Rafport,"VR user here, I bought the game discounted (half price) and even so I'm quite disappointed. My bigger fear was the known short lenght than instead is not so terrible thanks to upgrades, so you can play the few missions more than one time to cover a few hours. The problem is you can loose your interest even before that point.cons1) dogfighting is the most basic thing you can image. It lacks any depth or realism;2) heavy stutters with my GTX970 with everything off, details on low, downsapling at 80% (horribly blurry and almost unreadable in few parts);3) the strategic side is irrelevant;4) the low poly style is gorgeous from distance, but the cockpit view is seriously cheap.pro1) the evident Homeworld style graphics is cool;2) good for those who wants just to aim and shot;3) not an early access."
76561198030195554,Not Recommended,283160,28850622,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TactusMortis,"Disappointing, controls are awkward, graphics so so. Glad it was only $10, only played 45 min, doubt I'll play it more."
76561197970940421,Recommended,283160,26373578,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[Budjus]Grrowl,SO good! So very good!
,Not Recommended,283160,23456409,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lion Heart,"Absolutely unplayable with mouse and keyboard, such a shame this has devolved into a vr game with mouse and keyboard as an after thought."
76561197972722649,Not Recommended,283160,29050686,Posted: 5 January,all,Digital Coma,"I purchased this game specifically for VR to play on mouse and keyboard. After fiddling with the controls scheme for 30 minutes and googling an issue with my mouse not working, I discovered that this game does not have actual mouse support in VR. If I wanted to actually play this game properly I would have to purchase a console-type controller. Unfortunately I would have no other use for such a controller, so refund requested."
76561197961439297,Not Recommended,283160,23442154,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,R0g3r M00r3,"I'd like to recommend this game, the dev is active responding to people's problems etcand the game has some promise.Sadly the cockpit design needs a rework since the scale is wonky which breaks immersion. If you were sitting on the seat in real life you would not be able to see over the dashboard, which results in a rather bizzare requirement to recentre the HMD whilct sitting up, then you can see over the dashboard but you appear to be a couple of feet above the chair,The first mission, well I just flew about binding keys to the X52, I received no AI messages at any point telling me what I needed to do, no enemies fired at me, and to be honest it seemed a bit samey with some nonsensical radio chatter going off in the background. I was not well directed as to my purpose.Me and this game got off on the wrong foot, it's £14 . For that cash, simple things like the issues I instantly came acrosss and wasted my time with shouldn't really be there.Refunded till it's fixed"
,Not Recommended,283160,26541859,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,R3volve,I don't know anything about the gameplay.I am not recommending this product because the VR is trash.It is extremely apparent the game was not intended to be played in VR.It was added is a gimmick. Nothing more.Do not purchase this game if you wanted a VR space shooter.Their VR is nothing more than a proof of concept. It does not function in real gameplay.I have requested a refund.
76561197987133263,Not Recommended,283160,30843457,Posted: 30 March,all,lizrdfishr,I tried it for 15 minutes. I was hoping for something like FreeSpace2 or X3 but this is utterly incomprehensible. I couldn't complete the tutorial. It made no sense at all. I could not figure out which buttons to press to do what the tutorial wanted me to do.I asked for a refund with .2 hours of play. I have played games on Steam since HalfLife2 came out and this is my first ever request for a refund.I tried this in 2D thinking I would use my Vive once I figured out the controls. I never even tried it in VR. The controls make no sense.
76561198000715778,Not Recommended,283160,26436315,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nixon In Hell,No hotas support. Will gladly thumbs up this reveiw when support is added.
76561198237735502,Not Recommended,283160,33442456,Posted: 10 July,all,kyle.murray100,"My PC is too far outside of my play area to play this game. It wouldn't be hard to make the game work with vive controllers. I'm refunding this game, but would probably rebuy it if it gets vive controller support.Also your controls make no sense. You need to use both the arrow keys to move and mouse to shoot? Clearly I'm missing something bc nobody else seems to have an issue."
76561197970674613,Not Recommended,283160,29570711,Posted: 29 January,all,MedV,Gamepad required to play in VR?  Booo.  I'm a keyboar+mouse gamer!
,Not Recommended,283160,26403041,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Scooter,"Idk why so many people say the graphics are good, cause they are not. It feels like you're flying around in a low polygon cartoon world. As far as gameplay goes it's quite fun, but as other said here, it's short. I do not recommend this game for that price."
,Not Recommended,283160,26348327,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Talonveyk,"I own 22 VR games on Steam.  The descripotion of this game says VR Support HTC Vive and Oculus Rift.  However, this game does NOT offer an Oculus Rift selection, only SteamVR.  For some reason, I cannot get SteamVR to work on this one game.  I wish it has an Oculus Rift setting selection as well, as the game looks pretty awesome in 2D."
76561198000023213,Recommended,283160,29519743,Posted: 27 January,all,Longevity,"love this gamevery similar to colony wars, tie fighter, wing commander but without the story or characters, easy arcade controls. no sim stuff here thank godkinda short if you just wanna bust all the missions in easy modethis game would benefit IMMENSELY from a bigger dev team to add a story, characters and tons more missions"
,Recommended,283160,30549180,Posted: 16 March,all,7FluffyKittens,A tough but exciting game. Makes me want to buy VR.
76561198006937680,Recommended,283160,30487733,Posted: 13 March,all,Teacup,"Magnificent. The gameplay strikes the perfect balance between sim and arcade. That, coupled with a spectacular visual style as well as a fantastic soundtrack, surprisingly deep lore and EXCELLENT replayability, makes it the best $12 I've spent in a while."
,Recommended,283160,23544908,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,PhysicalPariah,"Even in Early Access the game is polished, immersive and just downright feels awesome.I may have completed the game in < 3 hours, but I feel it was worth at least every cent. Probably more.If you enjoy dogfighting, homeworld, X-Wing or anything else this has been related to, I couldn't reccomend this more."
76561198024850348,Recommended,283160,23546988,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,kaliddarkmorrow,"Lot of potential here, someone compared it to Homeworld and it got me interested off the bat.  I really enjoyed it.  Ran through all the missions at least once in the first day I got it, but it has a ton of potential.  If there was one thing to complain about is that it is very short.  I hope for more missions or something to add more replayability.  Nothing that I saw to knock it down from having 5 star potential here."
76561198007278438,Recommended,283160,23545263,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Estabulous Bane,"This is an excellent space sim. The action is fast paced. Your foes are cunning and vicious. The switch between strategy and dogfighting is seamless and allows you much more control than even some of the finest sims out there. How many times in a game have you wanted to tell your allied AI to stop attacking something they just can't handle? Well now you can.There are some obvious influences. I beleive the project was originally a modified version of homeworld so it's no surprise to find that same cell shaded aesthetic in play. The music and atmosphere take a que from the BSG reboot. But there are plenty of references stuffed into this little gem of a game.I can't speak to the VR support of the game, but I would imagine that the current generation lends itself well to the idea of being in a cockpit.The one problem is its length. I'm about 4 hours in and I'd say i've done most of what the game currently offers. We're apparently getting a wave defence mode of some sort so that should help with game length a bit. Still, as it is, I would absolutely recommend buying it for the gameplay and immersion."
76561198079505988,Recommended,283160,23468844,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,GeoffTheRuiner,"Fun but short game.Pros:VR Support is great, tactical view in VR was cooler than expected.Cockpit design feels cool.Flight controls are tight, I appreciate the addition of the Drift button and functionalityOrdering your Capital Ships to take down your enemies capital ships is satisfying.cool visual designCons:No body in cockpit breaks immersionthere are no lasting consequences to losing ships, so there is no incentive to abandon mission if things aren't going wellAI is weak, enemies will chase you down, but your fleet follows your orders to a T, there is no sense of human fault anywhere in the teammates or enemies. They are too predictable.Limited weapon loadouts, and unlimited resources when outfitting a missionNo real need to use tactical view during combat, most scenarios can be conquered from just the cockpitUI elements are occasionally obscured by environmental elements, creates the weird effect of a distant asteroid being closer than screen elements.Suggestions:Add an ""Ironman"" mode that will give weight to losing ships, especially capital ships. Those things should be expensive, and weighty losses in the gameConstrain the budget for each mission at each difficulty. You shouldn't be able to bring your frigate with you into the first level's warlord difficultyMake sure your UI and Environmental camera layers are setup correctly.Add a body to the cockpit with a hand on the stick, it gives VR players a sense of being there. the body doesn't even have to move.I like the quick scenarios that make up these missions, it would be cool to have a scenario editor or something that would allow the player to create and share challenges with friends.I am probably the only person that wants this, but I would like to be able to fly the capital ships, I know they are slow and big, but a first person view from the helm of the bridge, and controlling the fleet from the true seat of power would be cool.I know this was way too long, but the game was fun, and pretty polished for a early access game."
76561197969195728,Recommended,283160,24410942,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,archipelago,"Fantastic game, great VR support, awesome gameplay."
76561198064428805,Recommended,283160,24146799,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,NanookofdaNorth,"This is a VR review using a HOTAS.Among the many games which I've played in VR, this one is among the best. There is hours of content to be had. Upon beating the game, I felt proud. I don't think I was very good at the game though. Because of the immersion, it was easy to buy into the intense passion that is the drive of the story.Setting things up with my HOTAS was frustrating, but after getting used to everything it became easy. The capital ships in your command often are more useless than useful. The upgrade system changes up gameplay while sticking to the core idea of the game.For a VR game, I recommend it."
76561197971070441,Recommended,283160,24173421,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,relax,I don't usually play space fighter sims but this game is a blast. The story is minimal but the action is intense. The sound effects are amazing. I sure hope this game expands in the future.
76561197995018142,Recommended,283160,24172983,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,instinctual07,"My favorite VR game so far. You can't beat boosting past an asteroid, looking overhead to get eyes on your target, going into drift mode to keep your momentum but still rotate your ship, fire off a couple of torpedoes and watching an enemy Destroyer burst into flames."
,Recommended,283160,24508284,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Vasily Krysov,"This game is awesome.This is a tactical* space fighter sim game that has be polished to a mirror shine. The sounds are amazing and tactile, the visual look of the game is evocative and the gameplay is just totally spot on. The writing is sparse, but a great example of ""show, don't tell"" and is entirely fitting with the game's theme.*tactical in the sense that you need to think about what you are doing and can juggle commanding a small force at the same time as fighting.The campaign is a fun, short romp into the game mechanics with a few nice set pieces that should only take you a few hours to finish on even the hardest difficulty. However then you'll be well prepared to face the challenge mode which is a timed wave defense game that'll need the best of your abilities and guile to survive.Your ""Executor"" class interceptors that you pilot in the game are apex predators that are a delight to fly and can pack a varied arsenal, from space-shotguns to a three-pack of micro-thermonuclear bombs.I've only been playing with a M+KB on a laptop and it's very controllable and fun, it definitely doesn't need a game-pad, joystick or VR headset (though that will make it even more fun!).So, press start (or rather, ""add to cart"") to start fighting enemy star fighters. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,283160,24528068,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Thoth,"Combat is viscerally satisfying, sound design is amazing, and the ability to direct capitals and other fighters in tactical view is awesome."
76561198142162763,Recommended,283160,24266800,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,marcus.falden,"AMAZING Space shooter, will gladly buy more dlc when it becomes available."
,Recommended,283160,24290046,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Chinoborracho,"First of all, this game is incredibly short and sweet. It's my biggest gripe.But there's a lot of meat on the bone. HotDS is a Newtonian fleet combat game with a focus on hit-and-run attacks against high value targets. You can customize loadouts to suit a particular mission, issue commands to divide and conquer objectives, and pursue secondary goals while racing the clock to get out before the enemy flagship (a heavily armed missile cruiser) FTLs in. It's exciting. Seriously.There are some interesting tactics that you won't get with other aerial combat games: using a tactical FTL fold to close in to an enemy face to face, instantly turning around with inertia, hitting the brakes, and ending up inside his energy shield. Target a subsystem (such as engines) and blast away with the canister shot. Stay in his wash and his weapons can't hit you and his shields can't protect him. It's a potent tactic you won't find in Freespace / IWar games.This game has an interesting bedfellow, a Square Enix 360-exclusive Project Sylpheed. They both have fleet-on-fleet action where the strike fighters play a pivotal role in taking down subsystems and providing much-needed fighter screen. To a lesser extent, Strike Suit Zero and Macross VO hit the same sweet spot.If this game was purely about the ambiance: the Battlestar-like music, the Homeworld-like radio chatter and contrails, the fantasy sci-fi of Destiny, then you would be perfectly content watching this game on YouTube. Don't. It plays like the PC port of Sylpheed we've needed for years."
76561197993290538,Recommended,283160,24674186,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tyrants_Reach,At first I dreaded the thought of another VR space game. Now I dread the thought of nearly missing out on this unbelievable experience.
,Recommended,283160,24983143,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GekoPrime,"This is really two games in one - starts out as a first person arcade spacefighter, as you build your squad you unlock tactical commands, and finally the endgame becomes an RTS against the computer, with the option to agent smith into your fighter units to micromanage.It's well balanced and has a consistent, effective art style. The sound design is perfectI finished in around 6 hours, mouse and keyboard. There might be another 6 hours of completionism in there. I anticipate coming back to it as a sofa gameDefinitely worth a try"
76561198137248596,Recommended,283160,25214867,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,mtgear1,"Playing on Oculus rift with 1080...awesome game, reminds me of the battlestar galactica remake, not quite as detailed / polished as eve valkerie, but its a lot more fun."
76561198037099687,Recommended,283160,24759225,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ChemicalBR0,"my new favourite VR game. (playing on the vive)works flawlessly with both my X52 pro and 360 joypad, head tracking and VR implementation is really good.(although it would be nice if the devs would put in a pilot model for the ship as its a  bit wierd looking down and not seeing your hands :)performance is great (but you would expect that as the graphics are not the most demanding you'll ever see)(i7 4790k,gtx980,16gb ram)it still looks fantastic tho in a superhot kinda way (I really like the minimalist art style that a lot of games seem to be using nowadays)it also has the cleanest crispest Ui i've seen so far in VR, everything is pin sharp."
,Recommended,283160,24747574,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Fortis In Arduis,"So, I played the original homeworld back in the day, along with the sequels.  I loved the atmosphere of those games and always wondered what it would be like to be in the battle instead of directing it from Fleet Command in the mother ship.  House of the Dying Sun gives you a glimpse into what playing Homeworld from the first-person perspective of a fighter-jock might be like.  And, for that I give this game a hearty Hells Yeah!I hope that the dev does not stop here.  There is so much more that can be done with this IP.  I can see being able to work your way up from fighter-jock to an admiral commanding a massive capital ship.There may be some who will balk at the price, but I felt like $20 was perfectly fair considering the amount of attention the devs gave this game.  It is obvious that the creators put some heart and soul into this game, but they didn't have the resources to make it a AAA title with awesome cut scenes and celebrity voice talent.My message to the devs is this, ""don't sit on this IP too long, you've got a winner here!"""
,Recommended,283160,24884098,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MrPotatoe,"House of a Dying sun is a really fun game to play but is very laggy in the menu section but not in the battles for some reason (that may just be for me, although there is no reason for it.)It's really fun to play missions and hunt the traitor lords but it would be great to add some evasive maneuvers so the dog fighting and avoidance of heavy fire from destroyers easier."
76561198000847265,Recommended,283160,24502984,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,[GWJ] NothingWitty,"Very good space fighter/space tactics game;In House of the Dying Sun, you fly missions to defend a falling empire. In a sequence of story-missions, you achieve your objectives in two ways:1. Macro-management: command ships from a 3D overview map; send them to attack, bomb, kamikaze or defend. This overview is key in all but the very first missions2. Take command of fighters to do attack runs yourselfBoth are implemented in a graphically simple, but cohesive way. Switching between these modes keeps things fresh.Outside of the tactical component, there is also a strategic component that lets you select missions and upgrade your fleet. This is servicable, and certainly not the focus of the game.While the game is ""Early Access"", is still feels complete.I highly recommend House of the Dying Sun to everybody."
76561198025370041,Recommended,283160,24639228,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Melodom,"After trying Elite Dangerous and refunding it, I was very sceptical of another VR space sim.  I'm glad I took the risk, because House of the Dying Sun is an amazing game.  This game has a quick and useful tutorial (a must-have, in my book), and progression through the game seems to scale well.  Of course, I've not put in many hours into the game, so I may come back and edit this review.  But as things stand now, I recommend this game for anyone looking for a good VR space sim."
76561198092813127,Recommended,283160,24737926,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,BuzzBomb,House of the dying sun: the only $20 anger management issue diagnoser out there!
,Recommended,283160,24598277,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,countstex,"House of the Dying Sun is a high paced, action packed series of well crafted missions placing you in the cockpit of a star fighter from which you can direct the actions, eventually, of a fleet of ships. Each mission is played within a pretty tight time limit, and you have more than enough to cope with within the 5 or so minutes each run of a mission lasts. This is helped immeasurably by the music which sets the tone and gets the pulse racing before you've even fired off a single shot.If you crave a solid space combat game that you can play either in a long run, or even for the occasional quick blast, with plenty of replayability House of the Dying Sun is a great entry in the genre with it’s own clever take on proceedings."
,Recommended,283160,24514471,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Austin,"What a fascinating hybrid!I enjoy how combat strongly favors tactics over thumb-skill by having weapons of all types strongly lock onto targets when in range and within angle. Adding to that the ability to pause the game and examine the situation on the tactical-map is also quite excellent, as that supports depth being added to the game (eg. stronger  shield/armor/countermeasure considerations), such as explicitly commanding your long-range units to disable a ship's engines so the slower craft can catch up. There's also fun details such as most ship shielding being large enough that brave fighters can actually fly through and directly hammer on the hull (eg. with the shotgun), which adds neat ""seeing the whites of their eyes"" experiences.The time-pressure on each scenario (in the form of a capital ship always hunting you down) is also quite interesting, as it means each attempt on a level is both short (success or failure), and feels like a puzzle whenever your current armada is well-matched to the current difficulty (each scenario has three difficulties for replayability).On a side note, I'm also very thankful for the flat-shaded graphical style, both for the Homeworld-nostalgia (which is quite substantial), but also to make sure this game plays smoothly in VR. After having Elite Dangerous never be 100% consistent for staying above 90 fps, it was great to see Dying Sun's focus on gameplay over detailed graphics pay off."
76561198136492238,Recommended,283160,24585996,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Bunnyman34,Absolutely incredible! This game is amazing in VR. I´m playing with the htc vive and a xbox controller. Don´t even think about it. Buy it
76561197989357968,Recommended,283160,25806660,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DustyCloak,"House of the Dying Sun is a supremely focused game. That focus is on two things: dogfighting and atmosphere. In those two areas, the game shines.The feel of piloting the Interceptor is just so tight, so intuitive, you're flying like an ace pilot within minutes.The art style is mature, consistent, and bold. From the flare of local suns as your fleet drops out of warp, to the pseudo-polygonal ship designs, to the sleek UI of the Interceptor's targeting system, the polish is remarkable. The audio design is also notable, with almost all sound being suppressed and distorted in some subtle way to enhance the feeling that space is truly just outside your tiny cockpit.The game suffers from lack of variety, lack of content, and in my opinion, lack of difficulty. The missions, while beautifully hand-designed, are just too short and too unvaried to provide any lasting stimulation. This isn't like X-Wing of old, with multi-stage missions where you're updated with new objectives as you complete current ones, moving through phases of a battle. You're given one main objective as soon as you warp in, and a single bonus objective. Most missions are over within a few short minutes. These are always skirmish battles, which is where the lack of variety in mission type comes in. At only 14 missions plus the challenge mode, I'm already feeling heavy-hearted in recognizing this dearth of content isn't going to be able to bring me back over and over again. Which is such a shame!Having played on all three difficulty levels, my ship was only ever destroyed when I rammed into something by accident, or when the flagship arrived and I dallied too long. While the combat is fun and satisfying, it is not very challenging.As far as customization goes, there isn't much. You get to pilot one ship, the Interceptor, and there are a couple handfuls of weapon and armour upgrades.The tactical aspect of the game is the only area where House of the Dying Sun's tight design falters. The tactical UI is confusing, and it just feels unnecessary. As I said previously, I was never in much danger so there wasn't much incentive to mess around with my fleet's orders, unlike a game like Mount & Blade where unit orders can really change the course of a battle.Finally, I'd like to give a nod to the lore of the game. The worldbuilding is done in a very effective manner which makes use of evocative titles, great font, and brevity. The universe is hinted at through these things, letting you fill in the details with your imagination. You end up with vague impressions of who these people are and where they come from, and what the Empire might have been like. Which is great.***Overall, I can definitely recommend this game. I recommend it to people who love unique experiences, and who relish a game which can produce a very specific feel when played. If you love dogfighting, appreciate excellent and tightly focussed design, and don't mind how short the game is (it is very, very short), get this game. The current price point feels much too expensive to me for what you're getting; I feel like I'm paying for art and sound more than gameplay content, which is not what I expect from a game labelled as a tactical space shooter. House of the Dying Sun has so much good in its brief few missions: I truly hope Marauder Interactive hears the cries for more content and expands the game to be what it deserves to be."
,Recommended,283160,25781113,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,snero3,"Just a brilliant game. Left me wanting for more, which is always a good thing!"
76561197967654621,Recommended,283160,25784091,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,gizmoand2309,Completed the game in 80min. Some may say thats a Taaaad to short.Its a decent game overall. Needs alot of work tho.
76561197970385125,Recommended,283160,24999126,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Cobra,"A nice SciFi action game with uncomplicated controls and without simulation aspects. Good to play with a Xbox controller. Early access is an understatement. Didn't experience any bugs or problems so far. It has a brief story, configuration of ships, fleets and is very action focused.The nicest feature is the mixture of Homeworld-like strategy game and in-cockpit space battles. In both cases, the experience with a Vive is phantastic. Much more intense as in 2D. If you own a VR-headset, I strongly recommend to buy this game.10 out of 10!"
76561197963235397,Recommended,283160,24976604,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,wrathVchild,"This game has been on my radar for a while.  I finally dove in after being completely dissapointed by NMS.  This game is not a dissapointment in any way.  It's everything it's billed as.  Fast, intense, brutal space combat!The developer doesn't screw around.  No hype train, no vague promises, just good content.  They make frequent updates.  Honestly, I had to do a double take at the ""early access game"" notification, as it feels like a complete game to me.  This team is definitely on my short list of groups to watch in the future.Sound is great, very immersive.The graphics are perfect for what the game is going for.Gameplay is unique and fun.  11/10 on gameplay.  It scratches an itch I didn't know I had.The game will start out very easy for anyone who is a gamer, but give it a few missions and realize that you are playing on baby mode.  It is expected that you will try to complete the missions on all 3 difficulty modes, and let me tell you it gets very hard very fast."
76561198025478757,Recommended,283160,24984877,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,get fricked,"I can say without a doubt, this is the most fun space fighting Sim I've ever played.The best way I can describe this game is as follows:Imagine the SABER mission from halo reach, but an entire game of that intense space dogfighting."
76561198059513330,Recommended,283160,25065450,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,jeep,One of the best I have played in quite a while.  Definately the best on Rift right now.
76561198090486766,Recommended,283160,25065620,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Captainapollo,"This game stands out from every other game on the market. I really hope you guys improve and push updates often. This has the potential to become a very unique and fun game. Keep up the great work guys.I do want to get one point across however. I think the game is unique however, as of right now, I do not think it has enought content to justify its 20 dollar price. I hope the devs push for more content, multiplayer, more ship classes, missions, skirmish mode, etc. to freshen up the game."
,Recommended,283160,25061158,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Maclintok,"This is the closest I've seen a space sim post-90s nail the fundamentals perfected by my old favourites like TIE Fighter and Wing Commander. All the modern touches they've added, from the gorgeous graphics and Homeworld-meets-Warhammer 40K atmosphere to the light tactical overlay and non-existent load times make this such an easy sim to get into. The features and content are understandably light for the asking price so fence-sitters may just want to wait for an official release."
76561197995815176,Recommended,283160,24955368,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,LeadSponge,"House of the Dying Sun is really sharp spacefighter game with RTS elements. The atmosphere is very engaging and the sound design reminds me of Battlestar Galactica. I'm not playing it with VR, but I'm sure it's great that way too. I was worried about the keyboard controls for the game since I play a number of spacesims, but the controls are solid. The game pad controls are great, and I'd use those if I could manage to keep the batteries in my controller from dying.The great thing about the game is the length of missions. It really is designed for short sessions and you constantly feel like you're under preassure. You really do feel like a rebel pilot raiding your enemies.It's a great game. If you like space sims, then just stop thinking about it and by the game. The price point just makes it all the better. I'd honestly pay more for it.The only thing I wish it had was a co-op mode."
,Recommended,283160,24910182,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Scrub,Just a tad too short.
76561197974070555,Recommended,283160,25777641,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Revenant,"Executive summary: definately buy!After first level I was like meh...this is too easy and gonna go too quick...then after a few more levels I was like wow...this is actually way more fun than I expected for what I paid...can't wait to play that level again on harder.  Then I was like oh man...that was way too hard...gonna have to return to that later.   Finally with my whole fleet and upgrades done I truely became one with the universe's most terrifying starfighter.Fair amount of replayabilitiy with levels being fun to play on increasingly harder settings.  Realistic enough feeling controls, fun to control your fleet but nice it isnt required, big ships have targets for their different weapons which is cool.WISHLIST:-- levels need many more levels of harder difficulty.  The first few levels are a joke even on hardest.-- need 4x the levels.  Seems like it could be easy for devs to give us way more stories.  Just make up a few sentences for the senario of how enemies are protecting their lord for the drama and then randomly generate some groups of enemies.  Every lord should have a chain of prereq levels each encouraging different loadouts.-- Tutorial doesn't go over everything.  Took me a few missions to figure out how to change ships, control my other ships, queue up commands.-- asteroids look meh.  They should look a tiny bit better under ultra setting so they don't remind you its all fake.-- I want to play my non-fighter ships a little and doesn't seem possible.-- would be nice to be able to customize each similar ship in fleet differently (ie each fighter has different weapons)-- daily challenge should give you more information when you finally die.  It just restarts without rewarding you for holding out so long.-- long distance guns make you feel powerful when you one hit kill from across the map but are overpowered and take away from the fighting experience.  Should fire 4x faster, with 1/4 power of each shot, half the range to increase the drama.-- enemy ships should be way bigger, harder to kill at range and make it more easier/more clear you should target their weapons/shield generators to go down easier.  Big ships should have weak spots.-- i think it could be interesting to be able to allow more guns on the ship and be able to upgrade each one-- more types of weapons, missles, armor, shields, engines, drones and let me choose my type for each-- afterburner should recharge and have more disadvantage like draining shield power"
76561197984440686,Recommended,283160,25871167,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,KhorneFlakes,It's so freaking cool.That's all I can really say about this game...
,Recommended,283160,26083831,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,JollyFuchsia,An absolute blast to play in both VR (HTC Vive) and on a monitor/TV.The audio and visual aesthetic is strikingly pleasurable.It's easy to learn the basics and be competent but also feels like there are a few details that are still taking me time to master (drifting and learning how to take advantage of all the upgrades well).Highly recommended.
,Recommended,283160,23687892,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Cybercyrus,"Ok so, I have always been a fan of space combat, looking at those sequences from Star Wars, Battlestar... etcI must say this game brings you the best experience for that, and adds its own little style to it with its tactical options. This is really a great game that delivers on a simple yet hard to achieve-premise it's going for.I love all kinds of space games, but as combat goes, this is my favorite along with Elite. The major difference being this is much more fast pace arcade like.If you have an VR headset, get this game asap! It's one of the best experiences out there. Perfect completed game, stunning visuals and sounds, perfect mechanics, you're in for a treat!"
76561197973058139,Recommended,283160,26498330,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Uumeran,"I've never written a review on Steam before, but I liked this game so much I figured now was a great time to start.This game is pure fun. From the very first mission, you're thrown immediately into battle and the action never ceases throughout the campaign. The only thing negative I have to say about this game is that it's made me want to buy a VR headset! Controls feel very smooth and intuitive on an XBone controller, and I appreciated the Homeworld-like feel of the tactical map. Drift mode also blew my mind—there's something immensely satisfying about flipping around backwards without changing trajectory and shooting down a pursuer.I do agree with others that the campaign itself is short—it took about 5 hours to get through the first time around, and I just completed all achievements in 20 hours. Still, at $20 retail, it's tough to fault a game that provided that much entertainment for just $1/hour. Knowing what I know about the game now, I'd have gladly paid double that.The only question left is: when's the sequel coming out?"
76561197968379869,Recommended,283160,27768657,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fortr0n,"Jump in,""Avenge the emperor"",Die,Repeat.At first at least...This game is a great ""pick up and play"" space game.No complex controls, just pure, refined space combat action.The common Tie Fighter meets homeworld description is a good start but it's worthy of deeper exploration.Also, it's amazing in VR.So it's a must own for fans of the genre and VR users alike."
76561198029887392,Recommended,283160,27711743,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PainGod,10/10 Never played a game that made me feel like I was Starbuck so much in my life. Fracking good game!
,Recommended,283160,27895711,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gravijaton,"There are a few things that i didn't like with the game. It's laughable short. (you could finish it and get the refund short)And as a starfighter like game, that you can only fly the one type of starfighter also feels very limited.But i do nominate the WHOOOOAAAAA, DUDE  award for the ending."
76561198008628919,Recommended,283160,27895859,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,=^.^= Italianmoose,"Sharp, distilled, honed brilliance. Immensely satisfying combat, the only downside is the slightly naff tactical view."
76561197996580817,Recommended,283160,27114213,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Melchiah,"Campaing is short but atmosphere, sound design and gameplay makes up for it."
,Recommended,283160,27190735,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,noxa #YOLO #BODYSHOTS,"The tactical battles of Homeworld in VR. Very, very cool and very polished."
76561197980114380,Recommended,283160,27007368,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zed,Solid game! Please try it!
76561197970941275,Recommended,283160,23547408,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,squeakywaffle,"As others have said, this is a short game, even if you replay the missions on the higher difficulty levels (which is where it really shines IMO). However, this short game is hewn from a solid block of pure awesome. It is basically a bite-size version of Homeworld with the addition of pitch-perfect first person piloting (there is a Homeworld-esque overview and you can also issue commands from the cockpit of your fighter). In VR, it really is something special; you can tell the developer put a lot of time into making everything feel just right, from the flight model to the surprisingly deep and complex soundscape.I'm not sure what it's like outside VR; I'll probably never find out. IMO, if you have a VR headset, this is a transcendently good experience and a no-brainer purchase."
,Recommended,283160,23538051,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,JTF2,"Great game. Honestly for 20 bucks it has what I expect in terms of $ to value.What's so great?SpaceGunsExplosionsInstant actionAnything not great?People complaining about the length of the game.OK this game costs less than a trip to the theater and last about twice as long. On the other hand, I did enjoy it and wished it was longer. Guess I will go after all of the achievements.For me, the Tannhäuser Gate level, compared to the rest, is overly difficult. This needs to be balanced out, preferably by making the others a bit more challenging.Conclusion: Great game, hope to see more from this dev, and really hope that if this is the end of this game the devs open it up to the community to build levels or that they develop some more as a dlc... my wallet is waiting."
,Recommended,283160,23522772,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,microlah,"Great space combat game, but a bit lack of content."
,Recommended,283160,23496069,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,wozmir,"A space opera game that makes you think. Bits of WH40k vibe here and there. This feels like a finished game, buy it and wait for... the rest of the content, right? :)"
,Recommended,283160,23496307,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,LiL Funny Man ᶘ ᵒᴥᵒᶅ™,Honestly really fun game and really good looking. I do hope they add more. This is addicting. :P
,Recommended,283160,23495057,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Sardonic,"Yeah I'm into this a lot.  Game delivers on its premise in spades.  $20 might be slightly steep, but it's definitely worth it for space sim fans."
,Recommended,283160,23504889,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,RudieMcSka,"Absolutely an amazing game. There is so much I love about it, the style, the ambiance, keep doing what you're doing!"
76561197965398889,Recommended,283160,23503134,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Lt. Whiskers,Simple. Fast. Fun.
76561197985018761,Recommended,283160,23505877,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,hybrid213,"If you have A VR headset and like space games, this is a must buy.Yes it's a little short, but at least it has missions/a little story unlike most of the wave based games out there.It's got great atmoshphere, sound design, and tight controls. The sense of scale is not quite perfect but still very immersive.You can finish the campaign quickly but it is very replayable with higher difficulties and unlocks.Dev is also very responsive. Hopefully we'll get more missions or a DLC down the line."
,Recommended,283160,23506413,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mr. Poopybutthole,"At first I was skeptical of no tracked controllers, I love interacting with VR space and this world begs for it, but the controller, I found, adds to the isolation of space in the game. As to atmosphere the game nails it, I was so immersed in the world and the idea of hunting these traitors down. The game looks great and runs great. It is a bit short and for a dying empire they sure have no problem supplying me with ships, but these do not take away from how enjoyable the game is to play. If you have a headset this is must own."
,Recommended,283160,23501851,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jimas213,It crashes in the level Blocade run at bastille gate but that does not overshadow the amazing controls and beautiful graphics and i can't wait for it to be complite
,Recommended,283160,23460152,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Captain828,"House of the Dying Sun, formerly known Enemy Starfighter, is best described as a highly streamlined Freespace.Why do I recommend it?If you're looking to get your fix for a modern quick-to-get-into Freespace-like game, then really this is going to be your only choice.You will not be dissapointed by the level of quality you're going to get out of this either, definitely representing the asking price.The game is not very lenghty, so do keep that in mind before making a purchase.You will probably experience everything it has to offer in roughly 3-4 hours, and that is with replaying scenarios to get more upgrade points.If you're looking for some good gameplay footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edWm-CzoKKYIf you're looking for something more ""hardcore"", then I recommend the free Diaspora: Shattered Armistice instead.Prosgreat (and stylised) visualsgreat audio effectsawesome Freespace-like gameplaydecent soundtrack (very BSG-esque)nice and clean ship designs (Homeworld-looking)easy to get into and out, with very short scenariosscenario objectives are fairly variedvery well polished for an Early Access title (had no crashes or found any game-breaking bugs)developer is very active in fixing any issues reported by the communitygood VR supportno over-the-top storyConstactical mode is not intuitive or too helpful (while it looks like HW, the UX is plain bad in comparison)game is very short, with not a lot of replayabilityjust a few enemy types, so not a lot of variance in terms of combatvery little to offer in terms of viable weaponryControversy related to current state vs what was blogged on about until last yearThis game has been in development for about 3 years, during which the initial open-world and dynamic nature was dropped in favour of the more static and scripted nature of the game that we have today.Some disagree with the change, myself included to be fair, but... this is a one-man-game andnothing was promisedin the form of a crowdfunding campaign or anything like that to us, the customers, which is definitely something to be respected."
76561197970476046,Recommended,283160,23460181,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,adam,"The upsides: amazing flight model, good atmosphere.The downside: simple mission design which leads to a very short (3-4 hour) campaign. The idea of a 4 hour campaign worked well when it was a rougelike and being able to complete a game in one session like FTL worked well. With a more tailored singleplayer experience mission design should draw some more notes from FreeSpace and Homeworld on pacing and variety of objectives.Overall the game has a lot of potential even if it is down the road with mission packs. The overall gameplay is quick and furious, and the core game mechanics are great."
76561198002432311,Recommended,283160,23489726,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BigDizzl,"Just a few missions in and I can say this game has it where it counts. A very worthy space sim, with fast-paced missions and an AI that can punish you."
,Recommended,283160,23492072,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,KnowledgeableAnt,"Great game. Excellent gameplay, Upgrade system, fleet controls. The game only needs more missions and general content, and I would love the ability to directly control larger ships, even though I would spend 90% of my time in a fighter."
76561198079560830,Recommended,283160,23490711,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,crow,Good to see a early access game that is very good. 8/10
,Recommended,283160,23459744,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,V3RTIGO,"This is an Early Access review, and things are subject to change, remember that.This game is like Elite Dangerous, if you took out the ""simulation,"" and replaced it with a superb feeling arcade look and feel. It not only runs well, but it plays better. There is no better feeling than drifting perpendicular to an enemy blasting him to bits like the ""Teacher"" in Sky Crawlers. This, obviously, is the main point of the game. If you do not enjoy somewhat non-realism, then please don't buy it. If you like fun, then you're missing out if you don't drop that wallet.Starting with the post/pre-mission, each weapon and ability that can be equipped to your fighters, destroyers, or frigates, affects how you should use them. On Harbinger difficulty, prepare for a phyrric victory. Losing all your (and only your) fighters is the end of you, which was hard to understand at first, but the reveal at the end somewhat explains that, while raising a billion more questions. It's something you are more likely to find either A) wierd and interesting as hell or B) not something worth paying attention to.But there is no contest, gameplay has been put first. You have FPS fighter controls that you operate manually, and a RTS esque strategy mode in which you can command your ships. It is about as depthy command wise as most generic RTS' out there (go here, attack this, bomb this, kamikazi that, etc.), which came as a surprise to me given the polish of the fighter controls. You can even command ships while in fighter mode. There are actually a lot of command/strategy controls that aren't addressed in the ""tutorial,"" so please check your bindings and experiment before putting down the controller or keyboard.Generally, once you have more than one fighter, you may be micro-ing by switching between each manually, and turning the flowing tide of combat, similar to the  Men of War series (a WWII RTS), while pausing the gameplay to give bigger command queues to your other ships in strategy mode. The styling of the strategic gameplay isn't super in depth of course, but it does more than I would have normally asked for based on the premise of the title.There is a difference between a good pilot, and a good commander, and if you are both, the harbinger difficulty will be far easier. Knowing which ships and weapons in each mission becomes a neccessity, and while it may be easy to send a wave of ships at a target, wisely managing each to manage the different objectives may be the only way to result in total victory (bonus objectives, which add more ""favor"" for upgrades), or crippling defeat (I have beaten the current campaign on all difficulties in just a few hours).The upgrade system itself is unshamefully arcade like, you have weapon sets and two buffs for each type of ship in your fleet. The bigger ships often function as bullet shields, whilst the ""Executor"" strike fighters act as the sword to strike enemies of the emperor down.You are not a good guy, hence ""Enemy Starfighter"" (original title). You pillage and kill at will, and if they try to eject in an escape pod... blow it up, ram it... kill them, so their heresy may never continue.The campaign is short at this time, however, there will be  survival/wave mode added in the future.The story is bare-bones, with more questions than answers, but as I said, everything else has meat where there should be fat.It's a beefy, brawly, space fighter, and you are the baddest of the bad guys.PS: I would like to note, as other reviewers have, that the ""upgrade system"" and ""strategy mode"" options aren't particularly vast. It isn't, but to be honest, what aircraft dog-fighting arcade games have ever had either of those? The envisionment (from what I have gathered) is an supremely enjoyable arcade spacecraft fighter, with some rather unique mechanics thrown in, and it achieves that. For the price, even in this state, there are far worse games you could buy. Given that this is early access, and the campaign is going to be extended (along with the addition of a survival mode) I'm pretty satisfied with the purchase (it was on sale for a few bucks off when I got it). I won't force you to buy it, but honestly, I think the developer's could use the money to make more great games. Or was it developer...?EDIT (6/8/16): Found some hitching using gap drive whilst all my other fighters were in transit, likely due to the rapid movement affecting the GPU, first and only problem I've had running it so far, minus the 'chieves (which I could care less about)."
,Recommended,283160,23462512,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Hansag,"Early Access, but wow (looking forward to more content, but is content having compleated the whole thing in 2h)Looks really pretty and the atmosphere is really nice.Simple to play and you can redo the scenarios at harder dificulties (then again after amasing several interceptors, destroyers and a frigate, perhaps not so hard - very easy to manage all of them too).Remember to not fly into the C-beams though."
,Recommended,283160,23462621,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Keytone,"Summary:1. Game was change from the orginal vision.2. Magnificent atmosphere and sound design.3. Everything you see in the trailer is more or less representative of the game.4. Execute the Emperor's final edict.Protip, turn up the music in the settings menu.Most Similar to: Flotilla, but with lots of cocaine and a cinematice flair.Maybe I'm hooked by the premise, but from the moment I saw the trailer, having followed the game since its inception as enemy starfighter I fell in love. It's short and sweet with growing crescendos and sweeps. You'll have to forgive me for not being angry at the change in vision. For an Early Acces game (which this is) you're looking at more of a polished product.I happen to really like the premise and don't mind that the game is short, I'm having a blast replaying missions with different loadouts and difficulties.*HOWEVER* this game is like a really expensive dish at a fancy restaurant, absolutely delicious but tiny. If you don't immediately like the idea of this game and want to buy it, wait until their are more substantiative modes and acceptable joystick (HOTAS) support.Additionally there is still a bug or two banging around in the code and even a noticeable  moment of lag in the intro to one specific mission. Rough spots persist, but they are once in a blue moon."
,Recommended,283160,23526535,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Marikir,"Been following this game for a LONG time.  Loved the design and aesthetics of it, and the gameplay is one I've loved for decades.I've made my way through most of the missions, but am going back and doing them at higher levels to get the ""gold"" so I can buy all the upgrades for my ships.The game starts out with you being a lone wolf, but soon adds support ships to take some of the heat off you while giving you some fire support needed in some of the later and harder missions.  Scales up nicely, never felt overwhelming.The lore is pretty neat too, but you have to investigate it.  This isn't a long, in depth single player game, but it is very fun.  I have heard that there is going to be an added mode (wave clear) on release, but don't purchase it for that.  Purchase it because you like the gameplay, the visuals, and the feeling.  It might not last as long as an X game, but it's very well suited for when you have that dogfighting itch."
,Recommended,283160,23519741,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,admix,"This game is short, around three hours, but it has an incredible vibe. It is minimalistic in the best sense of it. There is nothing to take away, but what is there is just brilliant. The music and the ambient are so awesome that I want to turn it louder and louder. The story is simple but hooks you from the first verses. Reminded me of I-War.Avenge the Emperor!"
76561197988207139,Recommended,283160,23525479,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,The Teach,Great space VR game but very short. Finished campain in 3 hours.
76561198074035702,Recommended,283160,23526530,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ErwoodIsDead,"For Rift users.Maybe I am a noob, but I haven't had issues launching other titles, but this one was an issue. Launching in VR mode would cause steam to crash every time. Then launching Steam VR and chosing play in VR would also crash. The method seems to be to pre-launch steam VR, then chose the 'PLAY IN VR' button on the game, any other way seems to crash steam.Anyhow on to the game. It's basic and cool, I love the graphics, nothing fancy in terms of poly count, it reminds me of starfox, philseed and the like which is great. It has an oldschool feel to it which is great. It also reminds me of the movie 'The Last Starfighter'. I'm guessing this game took inspriration from old school movies like that and the games mentioned.The sound is good, and so are the war drums, but you better get used to them because that is the ONLY music in the game. A quick string chord followed by war drums, and more war drums lol. It suits the game, but it would be great to have a couple more just to keep thins from getting stale.Playing in VR is good, although it does need optimising. I can run all current VR titles on ultra with my machine, this one uses 60% of any GPU or each whether SLI enabled or disabled. Mostly the game will run smooth when in game, but oddly the menu screens are very glitchy and laggy. I observed zero difference in performance from runnig on the lowest settings to the highest, so clearly something needs tweaking with the engine.Gameplay is good, to start with you will find yourself going head on into dog fights, after a couple of hours play you will have a couple of fighters and some destroyers at your command. You'll then discover that it takes on a 'Homeworld-esq' flavour. You sit in the map, and look around in VR at your fleet, targeting them and sending commands watching the battle unfold, then jumping in and out of a craft when you think it is needed or want to. It leads to a pretty unique and original game which is fun.With more content and some optimisation it could be something quite special. At the moment though it is worth the price, just, even for a few hours of fun and to support the devs."
76561198045586632,Recommended,283160,23550368,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Lykasmitts,"A really good game; good sounds, good controls, good balance.As many have pointed out, the amount of content may seem small.Based on personal experience with this thhus far, I would buy it again; and any similar sized and similar quality expansions."
,Recommended,283160,23554788,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,erickpasta,"Short but sweet... But REALLY short. Some people were told this game would be more than it became. Fortunately for me, I purchased and played this without knowing what it was supposed to be before and enjoyed the $17 of content I paid for.Modding support would have made this into one of the greatest VR titles around for years. If that gets implemented, I will edit this review to a glowing one.I look forward to seeing what this dev makes next.tl;dr I recommend this game, but if you have a limited games budget, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,283160,23620741,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Quixotic,"House of the Dying Sun is a space combat game that I feel is 99.99999% inspired by Relic Enterteinment's Homeworld 2. The artstyle , music, ship designs, sounds, effects, and the mission design (especially the very last mission) all feel like a homage to Homeworld 2 and the parralels enhance the experience with a familiar yet fresh setting. If they could get the voice actor of Makaan the Vaygr Warlord it would be cosm♥♥♥♥♥♥ic. I fully reccomend this game despite its limited campaign since the developers have announced new content in the near future. I would aldo love to see a freeform campaign much like the one in the game but randomised and offering more ships and enemies."
,Recommended,283160,23646380,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Janx,This game is amazing in VR! and great fun to play.I like the command mode and planning your actions then jumping in to battle.The stylised graphics play to VR strengths and the UI design is clean crisp and well constructed.I only hope the developer will keep releasing missions or create an editor for community constructed missions.
,Recommended,283160,23642686,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jasonridesabike,"It's like homeworld, but first person. The combat is GREAT but the campaign is SHORT! I finished it in under 2 hours (albeit without all the collectables and upgrades). I know the dev said there would be more content updates, but I'm hoping he reconsiders. At least use this game (and the capital it provides) as the base of a much larger campaign expansion. At this point if feels like a demo of what should be a much more fleshed out experience.I get the feeling he's a perfectionist and what is there is as close to perfect as it could be; maybe time to hire level designers.Recommended. Normally at this price I'd say it's too short on content, but it's something special."
,Recommended,283160,23663732,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,BINGEBOY,This game is immersive. Tactical and stylized. Something between dune and battle star.One of the best designed Games I've played in a while. I love the font and the simple UI. So good.Oh yeah and VR is amazing. I could play this forever.
,Recommended,283160,23636643,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,james.w.anderson,A great game.
76561198002541514,Recommended,283160,23607494,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,WolfDen1,"The clear winner for the ""Battlestar Galactica"" viper pilot itch.   Just meaty enough for your first attempt to keep you coming back for more fun, without necessarily feeling that you have to eventually go to all the trouble of grabbing a HOTAS  (which apparently, you could!).A fantastically addictive space combat sim.I only wish it had multiplayer!"
,Recommended,283160,23606288,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BigDaddyQ,Very solid game. I love being in the cockpit
,Recommended,283160,23606344,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,leadgold,This is shaping up to be quite an amazing game! It's got some tight controls and gameplay... It scratches the Tie Fighter itch (you oldschool gamers know what I'm talking about).
,Recommended,283160,23606633,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Hyde Park Boot,"I've been tracking the development of this game for ages, and was excited to see it released.First - it's definitely worth the $20. If you ever played Vanquish, expect a similar level of holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that-was-awesome bursts of excitement. The dev has done an incredible job polishing this game to a great level of detail. It's a great space-fighter sim, and there's lots of room to maneuver (heh) in terms of gameplay.For the pros, I've gotta mention that the sound design is fantastic, something that a lot of games lack nowadays. It's definitely a throwback to hearing the radio chatter of squadrons and frigates in Homeworld. Hearing missile-tones and the muffled sounds of cannons inside the cockpit is awesome; it sounds exactly like I'd imagine flying a Viper Mk II. The overall aesthetic is similarly awesome: simple, clean, and immersive. Good effects and lighting let us appreciate how cool everything looks, but also keeps the framerate high for tight gameplay. Also, I got a couple smiles at the heavily sci-fi canon campaign (C-beams glittering in the dark near Tannhauser Gate, anyone?). The last mission is great, especially if you played Homeworld 2.As for cons, I was a little disappointed to hear about the scale-back on the overall project. I know this game has been sitting in development for a good amount of time, so it wasn't entirely unexpected either. Some of the RTS mechanics might need a retweak, and I hope that a fleet composition tool will be added in the future (akin to how it was hinted at in earlier gameplay videos). However, I understand the developer's need to get this out the door. I'm looking forward to the wave mode - but what I really want is a skirmish/scenario designer. I hope that modtools or similar devkits may be released if the developer decides to move on from this.Personally, I really really hope that the positive response to this release shows how much people appreciate and want this kind of game, and that somehow we get more content for it. Honestly, the action in the game blows E: D out of the water, and I don't say that lightly. It's a great game and well worth the $20."
,Recommended,283160,23568642,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kukkuripa,Fantastic game!Check out this great reviews:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xhpd7B0I8Mhttps://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/06/09/house-of-the-dying-sun-early-access-review/
,Recommended,283160,23563631,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Dark chocolate,Awesome game . Highly recommend for rift user
,Recommended,283160,23564198,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Aten_Ra,"This is a must have game in any vive or rifter's library. I only have 0.4 hours in as off this review but I am already happy with my purchase.Pros:*Visuals, it has been said before but to reiterate, if you loved the homeworld aesthetic this game will work for you. From the 3d view of your ship and the space around you to the design of the cockpit, simple and elegant.*Controls, fluid and easy to pick up. I used the xbox 360 controller for my first run and I am planning on mapping my x52pro for further gaming. The force feedback when firing weapons enhances the immersion greatly. The drift capabilities of the fighter is something special, arcady but makes you feel like an ace pilot.*Gameplay, the first four missions i flew, quick and dirty warping into a region, taking out the target and warping out before the capital ship showed up, consecutively, was an exciting adrenaline pumping experience.Cons:*I understand there is only 14 missions. Considering how quickly I flew through the first four that does not seem like much.Is this worth the money? For me yes. I love the aesthetic, the feel of the ship and pretty much everything else about the game. I may finish the campaign in the next hour but it will have been worth the CDN $21.99."
76561198002651830,Recommended,283160,23574218,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Danimal Kingdom,"I've never written a review on Steam before but I wanted to say just how good I think this game is. The campaign is relatively short, yes, but that really isn't a bad thing, and I think it's a little ludicrous to expect a sprawling 40-hour game from a lone developer. I really like the length and the replayability of the missions.If you skip the rest of this review, at least read this paragraph:The tension and pace of this game is brilliant. You could choose a mission at random, and I'll guarantee you'll experience a series of dramatic, desperate dogfights - fighters pirouetting in the emptiness as tracer fire streaks past - while dispatching orders to your fleet. You hear something large explode and turn to see your prized frigate in pieces. You improvise, and hurl your own fighter at the enemy capital ship, dodging its flak batteries and dropping your payload into its bridge. Just when you think you have the upper hand, the enemy flagship warps in, and you have to hurriedly line up your warp coordinates and jump out of the system as the warning alarms scream, hurtling past planets that seemed impossibly distant seconds ago. And then you look at the mission timer: 3 minutes. You just had the ride of your life in just 3 minutes. On to the next one.I haven't played a space combat game this good since, well, ever. It personally reminds me of Colony Wars: Vengeance, which was a PS1 game with a similar premise: an empire had been vanquished and you flew as a member of its remnant forces, waging a war of retribution against the 'good guys' who had defeated it a generation before.I really like the simple setup in this game. It's so stripped back and unencumbered by lore and context, that the depth of the combat and gameplay stands out that much more. Everything, from the games title, to the locations, ships and missions, is named excellently. I know that's a weird thing to praise but this guy just ♥♥♥♥ing nailed it. I loved that in the final mission there's an enemy ship called 'Poor Yorick'. I still think Enemy Starfighter is a baller name. Wish he'd stuck with it.Obviously Battlestar Galactica looms large in this game. The style of combat and the sound design both tip a hat to that brilliant show, and it's not just dressing. The muted exterior sound contrasts with the immediacy of the interior sounds. And the driving martial music, as anyone who's played the game will attest, is perfect.I don't really get these people who talk about getting 'their money's worth'; I don't want to play a game that takes 40+ hours to complete! I have a job and commitments, and a short game, intelligently made, shockingly well-paced, is just what I need.I would love to see a field-of-view, stealth mechanic in this kind of game. So much of it involves avoiding asteroids, it would be cool to use those to hide your approach to an enemy, and relay line-of-sight info between units, as you would in games like X-Com or Take Command. The game already feels a bit like Dishonored, so more depth in that regard would be welcome."
76561198015669077,Recommended,283160,23472731,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Halleluyah,"My initial review was negative due to poor HOTAS support. I have decided to rewrite it and recommend the game based on what is probably the best developer response in the history of gaming. He has put out two patches in as many days and worked very hard to implement some changes to Throttle and Stick gameplay. It is not perfect, but much better and I have been able to get mine working fairly well.The game itself is great. VR experience is top notch. It is much more action oriented than games like ED and much less complicated which I really enjoy.I hope in the future controls for common HOTAS systems like Thrustmaster T-Flight X and others will be prebound with the option to change them similar to how the mouse/keyboard and xbox controller is set up. It can be a very slow and frustrating process binding every action, but that isn't enough for me to give it a negative review and it seems like this developer is really working hard so that may happen in the future.Good game, buy it now while it's on sale. You won't regret it."
76561198044467128,Recommended,283160,23449292,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DEATH PENIS,"Amazing game, piloting feels intuitive and simple, fights are engaging and intense, the game itself is kinda short though. Wish i had vr-thing it was designed for.I personally will buy any content DLC if any will roll out."
76561197999593901,Recommended,283160,23565872,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,triteboon,This is a cool game not sure about VR as i dont have that but....... yeah this is cool
76561198006935960,Recommended,283160,23564391,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,GIB CHECHENS,"TL:DR: Freespace 2 vibes, tight dogfighting, good ideas, cool univere, worth the price, wish there was more to it.PROS:- Combat scales to player skill and will to learn, if you don't want to aim most weapons have incredibly forgiving aim assist, which also looks pretty cool when missiles are chsing down targets and cannon rounds are firing.-Campaign is tight, fast, exhilerating, and immersive. Huge Freespace:2 vibes, and I couldn't give it a higher praise than that.- Drifting is a fantastic feature, coupled with the drums and aim assist it adds the best things about Battlestar Galactica style fighter combat to the genre-Art style is gorgeous, with Chriss Foss/ Peter Elson Vibes mixed with Homeworld, Vic Vipers, and more modern looking capships, an interesing, unique blend that also calls back to the gorgeous paintings of the 1970s'.- The universe itself is a classic homage to all those ancient galactic empires of classic science-fiction, and I just love it.-Music/soundrack/ and soundeffects are fantastic, and incrediblt immersive.CONS:- Fairly short campaign (finished ai 1lvl difficulty in 2 hours, with about half done at 2 difficulty- Tactical command needs more septh- Story is light, but at times the narrative is a little byzantine, and difficult to discern, by the end I think I understood what had happened, and the original title of ""Enemy Starfighter"" may still be valid.Hopes and Dreams:-Campaign expansion-Increased tactical and strategic depth, providing the player to actually pick which fleet elements he or she would like to take on given missions.- Map-based campaign with a strategic layer of multiple fleets moving around for control of startegic assets (planets gates, shipyards, etc.) a pipe-dream based on what the developer has said aboid random encounters atm, but I think it would just add more playtime and a little more control for the player which would be fantastic"
76561197997727569,Recommended,283160,23562736,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,etienne,"I was very excited after reading some reviews from people running similar setups as myself and decided to gamble on some early access since the VR offerings are still slim.First off I'm running an i7 with a GTX970, 16GB of RAM...  sound familiar?Right away, just in the menus, I was dropping frames like crazy.  Fortunately there are quality settings in the options.  Once everything was down to the lowest possible settings the game ran relatively problem free.Mapping controls is a definite time sync as there weren't any presets for my Thrustmaster HOTAS, but it mostly got done.Then i tried to complete the first tutorial mission.  I guess I got stuck in some sort of bug because I was never given any directives after exiting the tactical map (pretty cool feature btw) and entering cockpit view in my ship.  So i just flew around shooting containers and watchng all of the other ships fly away.At this point my game time allotment for the night ran out and I had to quit out feeling unfulfilled but hopeful for future potential.PROS:Good potentialQuality settings for budget VR rigsCONS:Poor onboardingBuggyNo HOTAS preset mappings (that I could find)"
76561197991673073,Recommended,283160,23801333,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tormund Normiesbane,I don't know why people are complaining about lack of content. theres a lot more replayability here than any of the VR titles in the $30-$40 range.
,Recommended,283160,23657006,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,KakeMonster,"TLDR: Some hazels, but they are worth it. Get it if you a)you own aVR headsetb)wanted aHome Woldfighter game. DLC could push this game from good to great.In the beta client (opposite click in library, beta tab) removing binding for the axes with double-mapping/issues, then rebing them fixed the problems for me.As of writing this review (19th Jun 2016) the most urgent issue with this game is the randomness of rebinding keys/axes, something makes it inconsistent. And I have to the bindings every time I load up the game! I expects this to be fixed, but now you know.VR note, moving the ship (max yaw) creates inconsistent movement of/in the background textures, moving the headset (at approximately the same speed) does not cause this. For me this wasn't to much of a deal, but it may cause you to suffer vertigo. PS. I've seen this in other Unity games as well (high end AMD cards ~90 fps average, no DPC latency problems).With that out of the way, it's a solid game and it gives you some options (ship customization) in how to tackle the missions. I got the game for the equivalent of 20$ while it's not cheap (for the length), it sits well together withPool Nation VRandSpace Pirate Traineras one of the games youshouldown if you have a VR headset. If you don't have a VR headset, it'll probably end up feeling a bit expensive."
,Recommended,283160,24096154,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dextar,Looks great!
,Recommended,283160,24098059,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mithril,"This is a good space shooter. I know this game is in development, so I'll keep this brief for now. This is a game perfect for a quick sitting, and enjoy a bit of space battle without much complications. And for that, this game is fun. However, if there is not much else to this game in final form.. then I will be a bit more worried. Because there is very little story to this, and longer sittings will quickly be tedious (again, in its current form) But mostly because the missions are not very complicated, or long for that matter. Then again, I have not played through everything there is to play yet. But this far in, I doubt it will change much. Once this is released in final form, I will have another deeper look at this. The graphics are OK, a bit like Homeworld (a game I think they take quite a bit of inspiration from) But it is still too early to saying more on that. Good game though, I recommend it! Even in its current form. I just have a nagging feeling there is not much more to it. I hope this is not the case."
,Recommended,283160,23904573,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Carnivore Angel,"This is a tentative reccomendation.  The game's core is stellar - it looks and sounds fantastic, the setting is interesting, the story is dark and engaging - the problem is, it took me about two and a half hours to beat the game on its lowest difficulty. I'm now most of the way through a second playthrough, this time at its highest difficulty, and it's only taken me another hour and a half to get as far as I have.  If you're willing to spend twenty bucks for four to six hours of entertainment, then go for it by all means, but if you have budget constraints and want more bang for your buck, House of the Dying Sun is very short.  With luck, a lot more content will be added by release."
,Recommended,283160,23902609,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kl0rgas,Fantastic game to show of what a VR set is capable off. Its not Elite dangerous in any way but its very good in its own. I am going to return to this often.
,Recommended,283160,24093308,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Awesomepossum,"This game may be a little difficult to get used to, but once you do; you can destroy entire fleets in only minutes. It also runs very smoothly. Definitely worth playing. 9/10."
,Recommended,283160,24068755,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SirRomeTheGreat,Great game and a fun VR experience without the motion sickness.
,Recommended,283160,24230263,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mac-n-Kill,"A well executed game for VR. Like being in one of the fighter ships from Homeworld. It's not a very long game, but definitely worth the cost for the experience and gameplay."
,Recommended,283160,24231953,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,kojin,"Played the entire game in VR (Vive). Ran fine for me on a 970, so no complaints there.Overall, solid stuff. Around 3-4 hours for the price. If that doesn't bother you then its an easy recommendation.Has a strong Homeworld feel to it, a solidly exectued aesthetic, and enjoyable - if fairly straightforward - fighter combat as the meat of the gameplay. Tactical layer adds something interesting to the overall mix and does a good job of making the battle larger than just your fighter's cockpit.For the VR aspect specifically, its a solid implementation. The whole game, including menus, works well and feels cohesive in the headset. Text and gauges are easily readable.Plot/story is thin, but perfectly servicable. The focus in that area is more about atmosphere and the feel of the world than it is about an explicitly told story. Works well for it is.The notable weakness of the game is its relatively short length. The missions can be repeated on harder difficulties (different configurations and more opponents, not just inflated health pools), which awards more unlock points. I repeated quite a few on the way to finishing the game. The missions themselves are fairly simple, contained tactical challenges, but statisfying nonetheless. In all it took me a little over 4 hours all up. Reasonable enough for the price, but a little more would have been appreciated."
76561197994288420,Recommended,283160,24223019,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Deadly Ham Sandwich,The only con is that this game is short. I want to play more! It's so fun!
76561198014033374,Recommended,283160,24231147,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,m2ark,"I like it.  This is a straight forward space fighter game.Good graphic and sound execution.I wish the campaign was longer but the whole package as is, is well done."
,Recommended,283160,24063262,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,zergbong,"Pretty cool thus far. I had a little trouble at first getting it to work with my Oculus but it works fine after I figured out how SteamVR works. Also has good Xbox One controller controls. For the price I think it's a great game for anyone that enjoys space shooter type of games, especially if you have a VR headset."
,Recommended,283160,24008520,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cerv,This game is prettyyyy awesome. If you're into space games or space sims then I definitely recommend this game. The game is beautiful and the gameplay is amazing. The controls are easy to learn and everything feels smooth. If you ever wondered what Homeworld's fighters would feel like in first person then this is your game. I'm definitely looking forward to future content and development.
,Recommended,283160,24020536,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dr_Red_MD,"Fantastic asthetics, great gameplay. I've been waiting for this game since I saw it at PAX East a few years ago."
76561198077656636,Recommended,283160,24015568,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BigMac,"I go into the world with nothing by my vive and an xbox controller, a few missions in I command my extra fighter to kamikaze the assassination target. Mission accomplished 10/10 would kill my own commanded ship again."
,Recommended,283160,23905604,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Leo3D,"Finally, a VR space combat game with a single player campaign.   The controls feel great.  The VR is immersive."
,Recommended,283160,23911422,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dudeman Jones,"Played this game using the HTC Vive, and all I can say is WOW.  Shockingly no motion sickness, the sense of 3d and of presence was very convincing, and the use of 3D really worked wonders as far as depth perception and the feeling of distance from far off ships.  The controls were not bad, but on my Steam Controller I was having difficulty resetting my profile, so I didn't end up banking my ship almost at all.  I suspect this aided in my avoiding motion sickness, but only time will tell.As for the game itself, it's a somewhat slim, but extremely engrossing space combat game.  Play occurs on two interfaces, the tactical view for issuing commands to your fleet and assessing the battlezone, and fighter view, which places you into a ship and sends you off to engage the enemy directly.  You generally want to be doing this, as it seems like you do more damage when you are piloting a fighter than when you are telling a fighter to shoot stuff.The story is thin, but this is a smaller experience, and the restraint lets the game get into the action very quickly.All and all, highly recommended.  Seeing how well this plays makes me hopeful for Gearbox to release a VR mode for Homefront, even if just for the strategy gameplay."
,Recommended,283160,23977937,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[DUBB],Simple and elegant design. I've been looking for a space sim to replace the Freespace series for a long time and this looks like having a solid chance of doing just that. Sound design is particularly good!
,Recommended,283160,24241735,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,elektro,"Intense atmosphere, great combat, HOTAS support.VR for the tactical view is great. While the 3D effect in combat is limited, VR gives all the benefits of head tracking and a nice feeling of presence if you can take a moment to look at the fighter around you.Audio is great, greatly contributing to the tension at critical moments."
76561198014480784,Recommended,283160,24270979,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,RoMoon,"Excellent game - played through the whole thing in VR and thoroughly enjoyed every second. The fighter is a joy to pilot, combat is quick and has weight to it, the whole thing feels tense and the story is minimalist but great. The final mission is outstanding and actually in a way harrowing.Is it short? Yes, i played through the whole thing in a few hours. There is replay value, with each mission being playable on a higher difficulty setting. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes space and fighter games.Thumbs up from me."
76561197971543348,Recommended,283160,24384193,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Exigeous,"I've read a lot of ""best game for VR"" statements about games that I didn't even remotely like.  HoDS is finally that game.  Visually stunning it uses a great style of rather simple ships/objects that are presented in such a way that they look amazing.  The VR experience is utterly fantastic, if you like Elite Dangerous but think it's too complicated give this a try - I can't see how you wouldn't love it.  I'm using it with a Thrustmaster Warthog HOTAS and flight pedals and while the UI for setting that up was far from easy to understand now that I have it all configured it's amazing.  Sitting in my racing/flight cockpit with those controls and VR - well, you're there.  Hands down the most immersive experience I've had.  My only real complaint is the sound - it's very accurate meaning you wouldn't really hear you blasters, etc. in space so you don't here.  Can't recommend this enough, wow."
,Recommended,283160,24366674,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,alpha54,"Very larely do I bother reviewing my purchases on Steam, but this game is outstanding.The gameplay is fun as hell, and the graphics/art style are awesome. So is the music.And the VR implementation is awesome - one of the standout titles I've played on my Rift so far."
,Recommended,283160,24365973,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,[GWJ] NavyFish,"Wow, this is easily the best space combat game I've played since Tie Fighter. I've been playing with a Rift CV1, and the immersion is impeccable.  Exquisite audio cueing, beautiful stylized visuals, intuitive controls, and a surprisingly informative HUD reduces the translation layer between you and the game to such a degree that it's easy to get into a state of ""flow"", linking from fighter to fighter, switching to torpedos and lobbing a shot, then diverting back to the nearby pestering frigates.Most missions have a strong sense of urgency, which really rewards you for efficiency and accuracy of your kills, as each second you save buys you that much more time at the end when, inevitably, the enemy's flagship arrives. And that thing *will* take you down.10/10 Beats the pants off of Elite."
76561198033719090,Recommended,283160,24511445,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SgtRicko,"Hoo boy, was this game a pleasant surprise.  I grabbed it during the 2016 Summer Sale and didn't regret it.  What's most surprising is the amount of polish House of the Dying Sun has.  It runs smoothly, controls perfectly (with my PS4 controller, that is), and feels like a complete product, not an Early Access game.The gameplay is lighting quick.  With a couple of exceptions, each battle is framed as a hit-and-run mission.  You're encouraged to only focus upon completing the primary objective, dealing with immediate threats in the way, completing the bonus objective if time permits, and then successfully warping out before the enemy Flagship arrives.  Thus, battles are finished within less than 10 minutes.  Trying to clear out every single enemy provides no bonus and is a foolish idea in most situations, especially since you're often heavily outgunned and won't have any effective options to deal with the Flagship until the last couple of missions.You're encouraged to use the tactical view and give orders to the starships, doubly so on the higher difficulties.  This is because while you do have the edge in firepower, your fleet mostly consists of 'glass cannons' and will easily be wiped out by the superior numbers and capital ships the enemy often receives each mission.  It's at this point that you'll begin to get a strong Homeworld vibe from the game, because the tactical view looks and controls much like Homeworld's, and it's indeed possible to flank enemies from above or below - this is three-dimensional space, after all.  Furthermore, each time a ship surivives a mission, it gains experience.  It's most notable with the Interceptors, who will be more intelligent during bombing runs, deal with enemy fighters on their tails more effectively, and dodge incoming fire - something the standard rank Interceptors kinda suck at.The sound design is EXCELLENT.  The developer chose to go for a more realisitc muffled audio for everything outside of the fighter, and allowing the player to hear all of the subtle noises inside the cockpit, including the pilot's breathing and background radio chatter.  The few times you hear a loud bang become notable and worrisome, because it means that you suffered a direct hit and may see the damage in the form of cracking glass or loose parts on the exterior hull.  The music  and it's drums only help to add to the game.However, the biggest complaint that everyone else has - that the game is too short - is indeed true.  Chances are that if you were to play only the easy mode you'll end up beating the game in 3 - 4 hours.  Granted it took me longer to beat the game due to playing on the normal and hard difficulties, not to mention unlocking all of the upgrades, and finally trying out the survival mode, (hence why I have 12 hours on record), but that's still not very much.  And it's not because the game is incomplete either - with the recent addition of the survival mode, we're probably not going to see much else added before the game is finally considered a finished product.NOTE: I don't own a VR headset, so I can't give any critique on that aspect of the game.TL;DR?  Get it if you're more into quality over quantity, and more a fan of the tactical dogfighting part of space combat sims versus the slow, grindy style of Elite: Dangerous."
,Recommended,283160,23445632,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Serothel,"House of the Dying Sun is the best game I'd never heard ofThis space shooter hits all the right marks: The combat is solid, satisfying, and fun. The atmosphere is engaging, and the setting and story elements hit the balance of vague but not obtuse in an excellent manner, similar to the backstory of Homeworld. While we're drawing comparisons, yes, the art style evokes the Homeworld games (and is great), and it kinda feels like the space shooter version of Homeworld I never knew I wanted. Participating in fleet actions is fun, although I wish your AI-controlled fleet was a little more active, and the scale of combat is interesting. Instead of being able to be a one-man army in a strike craft like other games (here's lookin' at you, Freelancer), youwilldie if you're not careful. So will your fleet, although it's less ""aw hell, I messed up"" and more ""My frigate died? Why?"", which can cause some frustration, especially after your fleet gets loaded up with promotions which presumably make them more effective in combat, but isn't entirely clear.The biggest complaint I have with the game is a lack of depth - there's a 14-mission campaign mode with 1 optional bonus objective and 3 difficulty missions per mission, and only the Harbinger difficulty really evokes the space brawls of the 199X/200X space combat sims, at which point you're dipping your toes into the Dark Souls of space sims. Previous dev updates look like there might be a wave clear skirmish combat mode in the works, which will add a depth of replayability to the game.It's high praise to House of the Dying Sun that the biggest complaint I have is that I wish there was more of it. Follow this game closely as it evolves in Early Access and if you want an excellent spiritual successor to X-Wing/TIE Fighter, Freespace, Starlancer/Freelancer, and the like, this looks like the go-to game."
,Recommended,283160,23445759,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,DEATHN0ZZLE,"I'm enjoying the game. I'll make a quick pros/cons list:Pros:-Looks good.-Runs great (all settings maxed using a GTX 980)-Sounds are cool.-Controls well with a gamepad (I haven't tried the kb/m yet)-Combat is fun overall.-Weapons are pretty fun.-Ships control predictably.-Newtonian drift mode so you can ""slide"" while you turn, which is cool.-Ship size and scale is pretty cool (big ships vs. little ships).-Dogfighting is what the game is built around.Cons:-Repetitive. Each mission feels basically the same. My biggest gripe, by far.-I've played through quite a few missions and have only upgraded two things, so feels a little grindy. To be fair, I am playing on the first ""star"" option of each mission, so lower rewards. It warns against going higher though if you're ""new to the game"".-The ship radar could use a little more color to help assist with not just where something is, but WHAT something is.-I have trouble finding the ""warp out"" point at the end of a level sometimes. Not sure if that's a bug, or if it is just something that doesn't show up on radar all the time.-By default, there doesn't appear to be any left/right/up/down (horizontal or veritcal) thrust, which seems really weird to be absent from a space flight game. I can pitch, roll and yaw, but not thrust up/down/left/right. Maybe it's in the controls somewhere, but by default it doesn't appear to be enabled unless I am missing something (using an Xbox 360 gamepad).I say it is worth the $20 if you like space dogfighter games. It's a well built game. The repetitive nature, for me, is the biggest down side of it. However, if you have VR (I do not), then I imagine this game is EASILY worth $20. I'm guessing it probably looks pretty amazing with VR, because it's not bad looking on a regular monitor.I give it a 7/10. If you like space dogfighter-type games, this is a good pick."
,Recommended,283160,23446035,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,kirbykibble,"This game is funI'm bad at reviews so lets do a pro and cons listPros:-Fun-Good Controls-Controller and VR support-Did I mention funCons:-Short-Like hella short-like i finished the main story in 2 hours shortBecause I have written this on the day of release, I will assume that the devs will add (many) more levels and so forth.Also, I seem to experience a serious frame drop in the mission selection screen. (maybe fix that?)Oh ya, one more thingIt's hella fun"
76561198047887251,Recommended,283160,23446383,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Conviniently Greasy,"Lots of fun, the art is spot on, the sound design feels awesome, flies great, and runs smooth. The first person combat is amazing and using the tactical mode to control my small fleet is awesome! It really feels like you are going on fast paced hit and run assasination missions, without being so rushed that you can't enjoy yourself."
76561197977777173,Recommended,283160,23446433,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,skullmonkeys,"If you're tired of waiting for the next Tie Fighter or freelancer, stop waiting and get this instead."
,Recommended,283160,23446453,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Veddan,"Impressive.  Only played a short while this evening but the artistic quality of this game is worth the price of admission alone.  Well done.My only critique is that it could divide up the training mission.  Maybe ""fly to checkpoints,"" ""drifting,"" target practice,"" etc."
,Recommended,283160,23446581,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Naravail,"This is the first space game I've ever played and I think it's great. I think I'm around halfway done (with little over two hours played), but I've only been playing on the lowest difficulty and depending on what occurs at higher difficulties I think will determine re-play-ability. I've read countless complaints on other games (Elite Dangerous) regarding text legibility and the text looks great in this and I haven't had any trouble reading it (note: using a Vive). The levels themselves (so far) are rather stagnant play-wise. It's centered around destroying a ship or two paired with a bonus for destroying something else. Once this is completed, warp out. I'm perfectly ok with this, but I do think more could definitely be added. I am not a huge fan of the cockpit itself simply because I don't find it super user-friendly or futuristic.Things I would personally like to see added:- A more futuristic cockpit (or just cockpit UI) since I feel like I'm looking at a 1940's doppler radar and then a little screen.- Destructible environments (ex: Asteroids if shot by a massive cannon don't just continue floating around)- Larger variance in missions (I am still 100% alright with current missions just being built on, but would be nice).- An open world set in this universe where I can kind of just fly around and run into whatever (would drastically change the game, but yeah).Also, for those who are wondering, the Steam Controller works wonderfully."
,Recommended,283160,23441191,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Just Read The Instructions,"Some damn fine dogfighting. You're a glass cannon starfighter that only can take a few hits, but can take out a destroyer with one well done gun run (if you have the AP ammo, at least). The missions are highly replayable, and the difficulty is tuned so you'll want to go back when you have a bigger fleet, or better guns, or are just plain better at the game, and there's a good mix of dogfights, frantic fights to survive against waves of oncoming reinforcements, escort missions (with well-done AI for once), and so on.Great game so far, and I'm sure I'll be playing it for years."
,Recommended,283160,23441384,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,LinkVanyali,"An overall great game.In some games, you can see the passion that the developer has. Dying Sun is one of those games.Set in the aftermath of the Emperor's betrayal, you and a small band of allies set out to assassinate those who rose up against him. The story, beautifully written and sumpremely understated, never intrudes on the main aim of the game: to kill as many of the traitors as you can.And there is plenty of killing. Much in the vein of Elite, you pilot a spacecraft from a first-person perspective. Similar to Homeworld, you have a tactical map to order your ships around. WIth a wide variety of ship types and weapons, you have to decide mid-battle who to attack, where to defend, and things can get a little crazy. This game is punishingly difficult on higher difficulty levels, and not for one second does it hold your hand. You get a 2 minute tutorial, and the rest is up to you. From the second you warp into a new area to the second you warp out, the action comes thick and fast. Indeed, the only time I had a chance to breathe was in the menu between levels!  You can complete bonus objectives for extra Honor, which can be used to upgrade and unlock new things for your ship between levels which can make you very powerful and able to tackle the harder difficulties.The graphics are excellent and the soundtrack is perfectly suited. Buy this game if you like fast-paced arcade style action with a beautiful graphical style, great music and a supportive developer. 5/5"
,Recommended,283160,23440385,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NETrom,"Waoo that was fun. It lacks some story, but it definitely has a lot of potentiel. Best VR space game to date."
,Recommended,283160,24150633,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Toxide,"I loved this game.Fantastic controls.Amazing sound design, seriously, the cracks and thunks you hear as you fire your weapons and get hit just sound right. They don't sound futuristic at all, just real.It's a short but damn well designed campaign. Every mission is hard when you first try it (I don't know if I've gotten through one on the first try besides the tutorial level, but you learn the ropes and by the time you finish the campaign you'll be making space-tracks and drifting to fire whenever your weapons reload.If you have a VR headset, absolutely get this game."
,Recommended,283160,24115810,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Shima,"This game is great mix of arcade space sim combat with Homeworld strategy. You can freely switch between controlling each of your ships manually. Controls are smooth and combat is fun.I have to especially commend the music. As a Battlestar Galactica fan - I LOVE IT. It is very energetic and goes greatly with the flow of the combat.During the campaign your ships get experience, you can upgrade them and you get various rewards for missions like new ships or weapons. This keeps the game fresh and there is always something new to look forward to. Which is an important feature many current VR games are missing.I had no VR motion sickness despite doing some heavy maneuvering while personally controlling my fighters and quick camera angle switching in strategy mode.Only issue I had was a lot of dropped frames and stutter (I have 980Ti), but changing Power management mode from Adaptive to Prefer maximum performace in Nvidia Control Panel (thanks for the tip dev!) solved that and I can play on all settings maxed no problem (with a dropped frame here and there, not noticeable).It is one of the few VR games I see myself coming back to frequently."
,Recommended,283160,28624571,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Delthanesh,"TLDR; Got to purge some heretics in a non-40k game 10/10- Good controls (gamepad-enabled)- Nice to have strategic and piloting modes, although strategic AI isnt good.- Nostalgic music if you like BSG.- Cheaper than EVE: Valkyrie or Elite: I also like to live Dangerously.- Can haz VR sofa.- Great options, all VR games need to follow suit.- On Sale."
76561197972152523,Recommended,283160,28679342,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,QC_cournoyer,very cool games.if you like tie fighter .the game is for you.
76561198045615358,Recommended,283160,29506202,Posted: 26 January,all,rustille,"Overall I'd give this 7/10, it's alright. Ever since X-Wing came out in the early 90s I've been waiting for a replacement. Although this game promises the same space combat experience, it falls short in a couple of key areas. The first is mission design, they're all the same, *spoiler alert*, you warp in, blow up a couple of ships and warp out a couple of minutes later (no need to turn up for the pilots' briefing). In X-wing there was a great variety of mission types. The second shortcoming is there's very little you can do in your ship, you can't divert power to the shields or weapons for example. The third shortcoming is there are no tight dogfights, you just kind of sit a distance away and strafe the baddies, hoping you don't get picked off yourself. I realise this is still an early release and hope the game improves, as there is a kernel of a good game in here."
76561197990132219,Recommended,283160,28913234,Posted: 1 January,all,Odysseus,"Tremendously fun, varied scenarios, challenge scalable for any skill level."
76561198001917027,Recommended,283160,28810284,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Beerai,"Really tight game. Controls well, has the perfect mix of strategy and dogfighting and doesn't overstay its welcome. Would love to see more abilities and units for our fleets to use in the challenge mode. Otherwise, a lot of fun."
76561198011674252,Recommended,283160,29048560,Posted: 5 January,all,dumhuman,"Who doesn't want to be a Viper pilot when they grow up?The controls are a bit simplified. I wanted full 6 axis thruster control but all you get is a simplified ""glide"" sort of thing for advanced maneuvers. Not a huge issue. The story is minimal and I burned through the campaign with several replays in 4 hours. I've probably got at least that many again replaying missions though. I'd really love to see more of the story fleshed out.I may sound a bit ""meh"", but for the price of a movie ticket I can't complain at all. My only negative is the amount of content; what is here is great quality.My 2009 AMD x955 and 2010 Radeon 6970 run this game at 60fps on medium quite comfortably and I've never noticed any FPS dips using the non-DX9 option, whatever that is."
76561197979918816,Recommended,283160,29953198,Posted: 15 February,all,rcdemoral,"This is a pretty fun arcadey flight sim.  Think Tie Fighter/wing commander, but shorter missions.I've been playing for a bit and I'm already glad that I bought it.  If you like space dog fighting, this game is for you.  It's under 20 bucks so that should set your expectations well."
,Recommended,283160,29695262,Posted: 4 February,all,Justinian,"It may be a relatively short experience but what an experience it is! Excellent space combat gameplay combined with some incredible art direction and sound design. It's also highly replayable with higher difficulty modes and challenges, which the tight gameplay mechanics support beautifully. You can really tell where the development effort went - to impeccable mission design and gameplay, not padding out the game unnecessarily. Highly recommended!"
76561197975752110,Recommended,283160,29692404,Posted: 4 February,all,Komandantvold,Really good immediate action fun.  Good Vive integration.
,Recommended,283160,29710200,Posted: 4 February,all,ShaveIceBaby,One of the best VR games I've played yet.
,Recommended,283160,29590728,Posted: 30 January,all,h3.,"Coming from the dogfighting of X3 I really enjoyed this game. It just felt incredibly short. Played under 5 hours and seen pretty much all the game has to offer. And being so linear the replayability is pretty low. Might do another run through it sometime though. The fighting and controls and execution just feels fantastic, it really is great fun. Just really lacking content. Would probably give a 6 / 10. Pick it up on sale."
76561198010521897,Recommended,283160,29837183,Posted: 10 February,all,wookiemart,If you are a fan of Homeworld and babylon 5 this one is totally up your alley.
,Recommended,283160,30990605,Posted: 6 April,all,Chihippo,"This game is awesome. the war drums, the colors, the whole die for the emperor thing, I love it. It also runs super smooth (except menus) on the GPD WIN handheld and in VR. I cant think of any other game where Ive played it on the train then got home and played the next mission in VR. Worth it."
,Recommended,283160,29002856,Posted: 4 January,all,Evill Bob,"Short but sweet; you can finish the game in about 2 hours, and possibly all side objectives in about another hour or two. You can only pilot one ship, but you have a good degree of customization on it as well as the few heavier ships under your command. If that's worth the current asking price however is up to you."
,Recommended,283160,29787666,Posted: 8 February,all,Xakura ∇,"Great presentation, and a great VR experience."
,Recommended,283160,29790544,Posted: 8 February,all,Mr Dinsdale,Good fun although probably a little expensive for the amount of content. Luckily has a lot of replay and feels good with dual sticks. Would love to see a sequel or additional content.If you have a VR headset this game would be awesome.
,Recommended,283160,28661611,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,KURT ANGLE,"this game in VR is a ♥♥♥♥ton of fun. hands down my favorite VR game thus far. wish it had some more objectives or mission styles though, good purchase overall. 11/10 would buy again."
76561198025271216,Recommended,283160,28653722,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Spokkun,"Just amazing game mechanincs. It even tops my previous favorite in the genre, Tie Fighter.My only complaint is that I really wanted more.What is here is well worth the price and the game really is highly replayable.I just hope they take these mechanics and make a bigger game."
76561197963973496,Recommended,283160,27518455,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[GA] Doops,One of the BEST action space sims to come out since FreeSpace.nuff said
,Recommended,283160,29472794,Posted: 24 January,all,Trace,Legit
,Recommended,283160,29477195,Posted: 24 January,all,Cosmonaut,"I'll start this off by saying that I was ready to give this a ""not recommended"" rating BEFORE I found out the the missions often change completely when attemting a new difficulty level. It was a pretty big letdown when, after around 2 hours of playing the game, I had reached and completed the final mission.After finding that there was actually quite a bit more to do I was much less disappointed, but I still feel that the game was mcuh too short for it's own good (and pricepoint).The game itself is pretty fun, and gets downright satisfying as you get into the groove of commanding your units and begin picking apark frigates and capships.I would definitely recommend House of the Dying Sun to any space sim fans, but unless you absolutely need the game NOW to wait for a sale, as the main game is still quite short."
76561197990081896,Recommended,283160,29468260,Posted: 24 January,all,ninjeratu,"I've used an HTC Vive to play this game.Yeah! Almost got kinetosis (motion sickness) the first time. Awesome!That said it's a slick space shooter with an almost retro-style graphical style. Thing is.. It works really well. The UI, the graphics, the framerate, the gameplay is almost stupidly VR friendly. Well done, devs. Well done!And, this needs to be mentioned again, almost motion sicknesss due to immersion and framerate!Using a Saitek X52 is a bit of a nightmare, because even if the game recognizes that I'm using it almost no mappings are done by default. (Could be my install?) Uhm, yeah, I'll map 50+ functions. Or not. But even a few mappings will make this a new experience.Almost nothing in the cockpit moves with your controller like in Elite Dangerous -but that's ok! Means a few extra fps I suppose. And you shouldn't really look at your lap anyway, too much is happening in space around you!This is an almost perfect example of the old VR dream of flying a space ship and making it fell like you're actually there.You have an advantage by being able to looking around you, finding your targets and avoiding debris/asteroids/stuff.I think I like this more than Elite Dangerous, because ED is so much more .. complicated? Boring is another word. ED is trying so hard to be ""realistic"" that you also notice everything that's not or is ""non-Euclidean"" so to speak. ED is pretty, HoTS is cool enough. ED is ""simulator"", HoTS is arcade action.And to be honest .. The more simplistic graphics in HoDS is forgotten the first enemy you attack. Pew pew!I also enjoy the sound effects and music in HoTS a lot as I feel they work with the game instead of being distracting.This is fast paced, excellent action and it gives me cramps in my flight-stick hand. (I might need to change the sensitivity setting..)Highly recommended!"
76561198223309056,Recommended,283160,29413508,Posted: 21 January,all,FriendlyFryer,"This game was a dream come true to me. I love space games and dogfighting games and this product brings both of those together. It even has a little RTS added to it!  The controls r easy, game smooth and the art style detailed yet minimal. VR support is good and its playable without VR. Can be easy or difficult or extremely, pain stakingly, absolutely pulverizingly difficult. 10/10"
76561198066117282,Recommended,283160,23446223,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,marcusb1976,"''Get Ready for an Wild Awesome Ride""""One of the best space Sims I have ever played in a long time""""Simple fantastic Graphics, great sim interface, excellent menus, solid Game play, nice combat, heart pounding campaign, very good music, audio Qaulity and FX sound""""What a Great Game""88/100 ( Double eight's all the way!)"
76561197995033326,Recommended,283160,32298010,Posted: 9 June,all,SappyJayJay,"Fantastic little space shooter for VR, highly recommend it to fill that VR gap for small decent games. I use a Sidewinder 3d pro joystick and it works great. Please make some more Devs!"
76561197988695089,Recommended,283160,32305172,Posted: 9 June,all,[Coa] Kirshak,"One of the best space shooter I have ever played !the Sound design, music and gameplay is outstanding.The bad note however is it's short life, you will complete the game in less than 5 hours, 10 hours at max if you want to replay the missions."
76561198016564201,Recommended,283160,32281831,Posted: 8 June,all,Canuck117,"A well done space fighter with light strategy elements; give simple commands to fellow fighters and allied destroyers and frigates.  The sound design is exceptional; you hear the muffled weapons fire from your ship, the rumble of distant explosions, and your comrades' radio chatter, along with various beeps and buzzes from your instruments. It sounds like you're in space, isolated in your fighter; sound doesn't travel in space.Fun and pretty, but short; get it on sale."
,Recommended,283160,32310128,Posted: 9 June,all,nanospartan,Game is sick. Everything about it is great but the length. Beat it twice.
76561198271712693,Recommended,283160,32334050,Posted: 10 June,all,Andrew_F_K,"Graphics are beautiful and the environment is immersive. Combat is refreshingly arcadey and straightforward. It can be overwhelming sometimes, as tends to be the nature of cockpit sims. The story is intriguing and reminds me of fiction by Yoon Ha Lee. A definite purchase if you're at all a fan of games like Rogue Leader, Elite, Rodina, or even Homeworld, given the RTS elements.8/10: a solid time-waster. Really want to see more games like this."
76561197969580846,Recommended,283160,32347170,Posted: 11 June,all,Kriegar,"Really good fun. Fast paced, has a learning curve to fly the ships.  A really good VR experience."
76561198393361576,Recommended,283160,32378514,Posted: 12 June,all,Ialochin,Scratched the Wing Commander/Tie Fighter itch that hasn't been scratched in years.  AV8R joystick worked ok.  Need to see about a better stick.Can't wait for a sequel.
76561198393829773,Recommended,283160,32545885,Posted: 18 June,all,stenersjoe,nice game. like the radio chatter
,Recommended,283160,34120677,Posted: 9 August,all,Trithemius|,"This game is fantastic. It is quick, fun, and has a compelling story told in a very appealing light touch manner rather than pasted on like a space-operatic paste. This game is more like opera opera. In a good way."
,Recommended,283160,34137161,Posted: 9 August,all,musicalfish,"HotDS is Battlestar Galactica distilled down into <10 minute missions that are both fun and replayable.  Command fleets from the pilot seat of your fighter while trying to dodge incoming fire.  This is not as micro-ey as it sounds because the orders are pretty simple ""Attack my target"", ""Cover me"", etc.  The sound and feel of the game is spot on and though the game is short, it is meant for lots of replayability."
,Recommended,283160,34134613,Posted: 9 August,all,Songbearer,"No-frills spacefighting action. Immediate fun, cuts right to the chase and has a simple yet more than effective control scheme and flightmodel that lets you feel like a pro pilot within moments of loading the game up. Playing this in VR is an absolute treat and the low-poly graphical style gives the game a unique look as well as a buttery smooth framerate.You'll get to fly with other AI ships on your wing, all of which can be given orders via a sleek tactical map, which is incredibly useful for finding targets and getting a feel of how the fight is going. Switching between commanding your team and piloting your own ship is incredibly fast and gives you a great feeling of control, even during hectic situations.The presentation of the game is top notch, with solid sound design, non-intrusive radio chatter and well-written preambles for each mission that really gives the game a dark atmosphere without it feeling like it's trying too hard. You'll definitely feel like a complete badass while commiting all the questionable acts you'll be asked to perform throughout the game."
76561198199779867,Recommended,283160,34196929,Posted: 12 August,all,Al And Paris,"I've only played a tiny bit, but this is a really impressive VR starfighter game. Bought it while it was half-price but it's worth full price without question. Minimal motion sickness (unless you barrel roll!!!) and there is sheer joy to be had when you track an enemy ship flying above you just by looking up through the glass roof. If you want Battlestar Galactica dog fights in VR, this is the one for you - and I've not even got into the multiple ship strategy element yet. Very glad I grabbed this, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,283160,34204931,Posted: 12 August,all,TheBruce,"If you are a Battlestar Galactica fan, this is the closest you'll get to being a Viper pilot anytime soon!"
,Recommended,283160,34140247,Posted: 9 August,all,R0BIT KING,"An absolutely phenomenal game. Fun and fluid gameplay, a cool universe to explore, lots of stuff to blow up - what's not to like? Not to say it doesnt' have it's issues.The games graphics and lighting are amazing. Kind of like No Man's Sky, but it feels a lot more refined and everything follows a more simplistic design and feel. However, I did run into an alarming number of random FPS drops at the most random times. For instance, one time I was in the menu and out of nowhere I went from about 80 FPS to 4.However, perhaps the biggest shortcoming of this game is just how short it is. I would have loved to make my way around the whole Galaxy, destroying bases and purging heretics before getting to the homeworld - but instead I got a very linear and very short path directly through the center of the Galaxy to the enemy homeworld (which would make sense in a realistic military scenario, but doesn't serve this game too well). All in all it only took me about 3 hours to complete all of the missions on at least 2 difficulties, unlock most of the more important perks, and get 4th place on the daily challenge. It was a blast, but a very short one.Another thing that betrays this game is it's potential to have much cooler and bigger fleet battles than it does. Don't get me wrong - the game is awesome as it is.But when you unlock some of the capital ships and add them to your fleet and begin taking on enemy flagships, it becomes very clear that this game could acheive so much more if it let you control a bigger fleet. Also I want to fly a capital ship. That would be amazing.Final Score:4.5/5Carriers are OP as ♥♥♥♥ by the by. Theyre even more annoying than flagships, in my opinion."
,Recommended,283160,35141104,Posted: 22 September,all,GenericAlias,"Tie Fighter for the modern era. Definitely recommended with a VR headset, it really improves the experience."
76561198028363153,Recommended,283160,34227449,Posted: 13 August,all,covgaz pusb,wot are you waiting for like space shooters.
76561198041571110,Recommended,283160,34235965,Posted: 14 August,all,Turjav,"I tried it out.. I like it kind of. It is potentially a very good game which is nonetheless held back by its underdeveloped and mean-spirited storyline. I like linear games like G-police, Colony Wars 3, etc. a bit better that the ""Lost in Space"" genre (X series, Parkan 2 etc.) but this game is notably deficient in a lack of cutscenes or story to give you a reason to care about what you are doing. It seems that this game is just about hunting down and killing spaceships after the war is already over anyway... very mean spirited and not fleshed out enough to be interesting. I don't need pretty graphics but at least give me a reason to care... 5/10... maybe buy it on sale?"
,Recommended,283160,34384260,Posted: 20 August,all,FakeSwede,"A short and sweet, well-crafted space opera shooter. Lies somewhere between Top Gun and Homeworld. The developer listened to feedback and did quite a few balance tweaks. Main drawback remains replayability even with the addition of a survival mode.P.S. A frigate is smaller than a destroyer, not bigger, FYI."
76561198031201473,Recommended,283160,34364251,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,Really cool VR space shooter. But really tough too.
76561198036083973,Recommended,283160,34530559,Posted: 27 August,all,UberSwarbie,"Simply the best £8 (on sale) Ive spent on a game in a long, long time.Played on an Oculus RiftEasy to get into, and with a steady but ever increasing difficulty curve, this game is so immersive that its difficult to tear yourself way from that 'just one more try' thinking after being shot down yet again...Fans of the Battlestar Galactica reboot with feel right at home here, with taiko drum music building the tension, round casings flying away as you fire your cannons and carrier class bad guys launching fighters at you when you least need it.Its not the longest game in the world, and the great back story is hardly touched, a missed opportunity, but as far as a pick up and fly game goes, it ticks every box.  Some people complain it has no replay value, but with many interchangble power ups, there as much to explore replaying each level as you could hope for, but not for grinders, as there is no reward but the playing of the game itself.No multiplayer, but with the tactical time freeze, I dont see how you could add that without changing the game dynamics completely.  Not all of us want screaming kids shouting 'noobs' at us anyway  ;)Whether this has the same impact without VR I have no idea, but if you have a VIVE or Oculus, this game is a worthy addition to your collection."
,Recommended,283160,34569527,Posted: 28 August,all,Roy Battery,Uncomplicated but rich. Thick atmosphere but concise.
,Recommended,283160,34709715,Posted: 3 September,all,Kappawaii,Much Wow.Even more wow in VR.
,Recommended,283160,34808070,Posted: 7 September,all,Expert Button Presser,This is the one VR space sim I've played that actually feels immersive. I'm not sure how exactly it managed to do that (not too dark background? no tryharding on textures so we can suspend our disbelief with the flat-ish shaded things? better gun sounds/visuals? the flight model?) but it does.
