user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,283290,12392575,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Murikov,"An overall pretty good experience. It's actually short enough to keep you entertained for one evening (I saw the ending after 4.5 hours).The obsolete graphics and the bulky melee controls may dissapoint you at first, but after getting into the game for about 1.5 hours, you'll really begin to enjoy it. Try to save your family from the fangs of the evil Count!The Good:+ Atmosphere+ Fast game pace and progression+ Weapons+ Story and concept+ Enemies (bosses included)The Bad:- Some minor bugs (like invisible enemies)- Some minor illogicalities (like the procedure to save the last two family members)- Quite shortThe Ugly:- The graphics, oh gawd...Give this game a shot and don't forget to install thewidescreen resolution patchas well. I've seen way worse titles from that era.7/10By the way, this game includes one of the most badass grandfathers of all times. You have been warned."
76561197984281829,Recommended,283290,9360698,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Kasepats,"This is my favorite PC game.I've grown up with games like Resident Evil, Silent Hill, Fatal Frame etc. Then i discovered Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi. This game is for me a synonym to survival horror game. It has perfect atmosphere and suitable weapons against Evil.WARNING! This game has bad graphics and sound. It's buggy as hell. Hit detection screws you over.Have fun."
,Recommended,283290,9362704,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Marcusq(chel wuz here),"Lets start off with the Negatives just to get it out of the way. Currently there are 0 graphics options in this game like none what so ever. The graphics are olllllld like Clive Barkers undying but slightly uglier at least by todays standards. I grew up with a Nintendo entertainment system so when the quake stuff game to market that is why my heart was and always will be I don't need smancy graphicsSo Negative summary* Graphics (depeding on when you grew up not a real issue for me)*No resolution options D:Postives list*Rogue like difficulty and if you don't save you can play it like a rogue like this game does not auto save*Randomly generated castles :D* AI is very creepy has no Tehtering( this means monsters will follow you freely until you dispatch of them D:* Real Survival horror.... none of that RE4 crows drop grenades ,you have limited ammo and health Runnnnn RUNNNNNN*Lots of Atmosphere* Fairly compitent sound design :Dhope this helps you decide on getting the game or not ^_^"
,Recommended,283290,15137216,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Eilibex,"Ill get the most important points out of the way quick.Is this game older? Yes. 2003 to be precise.Does its age show in graphics? Yes, despite being around the same time as games like Unreal Tournament 2003/4, its still a very old and barebones game, visually.But is it fun? Quite so.The very first time you go through this game, you will be slow, unsure and downright inefficient. Youll use your precious ammo in far too high a quantity on enemies that you could slap down with ease. Youll walk into easily avoidable traps... and.. oh yeah, some of the people you are there to save WILL DIE.The very first time i went through this game, despite all the difficulties i had due to various members of the group dying (and hence i dont get the items they give you) it was one of the most enjoyable times of gaming.I recently bought it when i saw it was on steam (it actually disappeared from most locations you could get it for a few years, basically requiring a torrent to acquire), and played through it again. Despite finishing it easily in less than a couple of hours, it still remained just as enjoyable from the very start to end.You are given multiple weapons, with varying uses and effectiveness of each one. You start with just a cane sword and stakes to begin with, but then acquire the flintlock pistol (and a short time later the rifle too, but its basically just a slightly more powerful and ranged flintlock pistol). Then if you do well enough youll find the revolver, grail and machine gun.But funnily enough, the pistol and rifle are actually powerful enough to get you through the majority of the game, so it still remains playable no matter how badly you are doing.Now, the focus of this game is to save your family members and kill the big boss vampire and his minions. Typical story, but useful enough in this situation.There are two ways your family members get killed in this:1. You take too long to find them. Every few in game hours one of your family members dies off in order, assuming you havent saved that one already. Meaning if you take too long to find someone, they get killed and you cant open their suitcase to get their item (some of which are VERY useful).2. They get killed when youre bringing them back to the entrance. THIS PROBABLY WILL HAPPEN. Just saying this right now. Theres a good chance that the unfortunately terrible AI that control your family will get them killed more than once. When enemies attack they immediately either fart themselves into a corner in panic, or run a short distance away like an idiot. And once youve gone forward and cleared the enemies, you have to go back and tell the morons to start following you again. The fun part is when theyve followed you, but you still have to stop and walk back to them every 20ft because theyve gotten stuck on a box, or wall, or door that closed in their face and they somehow lack the ability to open it now. And if youre lucky, the MIGHT not lose half their health as they sprint down stairs and take fall damage. (your own character can do this quite frequently too.).Now, That might make the game sound frustrating at best, but as long as you save your game frequently its not the biggest issue.Also, unfortunately due to the simplicity of this game, i cant really describe much more without giving out spoilers or ruining parts of the game, but lets just say that the map is quite brilliantly designed. It weaves in and around itself, giving you more shortcuts and back paths as you acquire more keys and access the doors between rooms and floors. There are many hidden caches of items that are sometimes a savior, and other times a nasty trap to lure you into rooms.Unfortunately the whole ""Enemy hiding above doorway"" idea is overused to all hell and becomes trivial when you hear the audio cue upon opening a door. Or just looking up and seeing the extended lintel.But anyway, This is a real gem of a game, and despite its flaws and pains its a enjoyable experience. Truly one of the games of the last many years which really grasped the idea of how to make progressive and atmostpheric gameplay. A game which truly didnt rely on its graphics to sell it.Twilight Stress Relief Simulator/10. Recommended."
,Recommended,283290,13792790,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kaffle,"Can you save your family from the clutches of evil?!Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachiis an intriguing game and story where you are James Patterson; The man who's sister is about to be married to the Count of a Romanian family and you happen to be arriving late. Surprise! The count and his entire family are made up of vampires and you and your family are on the dinner menu. There are several things about this game that may positively or negatively influence your opinion so it's good to be aware of what you're buying.What works:+Music:Built to increase tension, Nosferatu's score consists of several ambient tracks and string arrangements that can easily keep you on your toes as you venture through the castle.+Ranged Combat:The gunplay is very satisfying and explosive. There is nothing quite like waiting for that one ghoul to pop around the corner just so you can flintlock him in the face.+Level Design:Imagine Castlevania type theming with all the exploratory rooms you could ask for. Oh and it's randomly generated.+Enemy Difficulty:While not overbearing or a slap on the wrist, nothing screams good mechanics like the feeling that it's all your fault when you lose health or die.What doesn't quite work-Melee Combat:Chunky and reminiscent of games where they were just testing this kind of thing out. Like Daikatana.-Hilarious Physics Bugs:I suppose you've always wanted to walk into a chest, be subsequently tossed into the air and make a loud ""umph"" as you slap against the floor. No? Well okay too bad then.-AI From Hell:The AI characters really love getting stuck trying to follow you. This includes any obstacles or doors in your way. God forbid you have to escort more than one at any time.Overall, I recommend Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi because it's still very enjoyable and easy to get into despite the silly glitches.7.5/10 Knock yourself out"
,Recommended,283290,30961664,Posted: 5 April,all,Whiteswart,"Old but gold. Nosferatu is one of those horror games where you'll be walking in constant stress, checking and over-checking what's behind your back over and over again. It's the game where even the ""easy"" game difficulty might be over-the-head-hard for some of the new casual-breeded gamers. Where you can die from one hit and even just from too strong blood pressure! Yeah, there is a game mechanic which follows your stress level along with depleted stamina from sprint runs and melee fights. And you have to run, there is a timer ticking, with less than 2 hours to save your people from the overmighty vampires.. With all said, I'd like to highlight it again - it is the type of horror game where you can strike back. And if you're skillful enough, you can kill all the demons and save all the people, which, ultimately, makes you a hero. Not the start of the game makes you a hero, no, oh, Lord! Only your success!Technically, the game aged fairly, but not perfectly. Yeah, the resolution is quite low. The visuals are obviously bad, you'll not find there any of all those flashy things gamedevs are using to earn people's attention by the book of Crytek, EA and other game producers who are all about money soaking. What's still there is just a solid gameplay of overcome-the-horror type. There are not so many good games in that sub-genre, and Nosferatu: the wrath of Malachi is still one of the best. So, I'd like to recommend this game to all people above the age of 12, who can bear the sword and the crucifix and overcome monsters lurking in the dark and always spawning on your back...My mark is 8.2/10. Game's not perfect, sure, but it is still rock hard."
,Recommended,283290,33064534,Posted: 30 June,all,Pseudolukian; Birthday in 3 days,"Oh, James! Get us out of here!Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is asurvival horrorgame, and it's a pretty good one. But it has it's flaws.Nosferatu tells the story of the Patterson family, an aristocratic family who is running the risk of going bankrupt. To avoid such a fate, your father decides to marry your elder sister Rebecca to a wealthy Romanian Count. The festivities would take place in Transylvania, but there's something more to it..You are James Patterson, son of Mrs. Patterson and Mr. Patterson. You have recently lost a fencing contest in Sweden, so you arrive a day late to the 'festivities'. Upon arriving, you notice your family's trunks scattered around and closed, and when you are hurried out of the cart and into the castle, the doors behind you close.God help us all.Positive parts of the gameRandomly generated castle where EVERYTHING is randomly placed as you start the game and load your saved onesChilly music and ambience, very well done on the gothic and satanic aspectProvides a good dose of the vampire cliché, mixed in with some demons from hellBattling monsters is intense. Any encounter may be your last oneThe lack of some elements such as a map to help you navigate the castle is a nice touchThe game does not fool around when it says your family members will die, pushing in a lot of tension into the player's head!Neutral parts of the gameThe game can get too easy later onMost boss fights are ridiculously easy to beat, since one of the weapons can kill them in 2 hitsGameplay is repetitiveNegative parts of the gameBox-of-nails AI: Escorting your family members to safety can be often infuriating at times if they get stuck on objects, and the enemy AI will often get stuck aswellThe randomizer factor can be often exploited, thus making the game very easierSome enemies have clippy and buggy hitboxes, often making you waste a lot of shots where they would take only a couple bullets to dieOverall Score8.0/10Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi does not provide too much replayability unfortunately, but it is still a good game to waste your time. It's best bought in a sale however, since as stated above, there is not enough replayability in this game. It's a ""play it and forget it"" game. Depending on how fast you are, you can even beat the game in less than 2 hours and refund! Though it'll take a lot of tough luck.I haven't encountered a lot of physics issues like most reviews say - i was never flung up into the sky after touching a crate or something."
76561198028207361,Recommended,283290,9374885,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Gore G'lore,"A decent game, bringing back the true terrors of Vampires and ancient lore.  It's entire castle is actually randomly generated, so it allows for a generally new experience each time through.Off the bat, the graphics are rather outdated, but dark, dreary and remind me alot of the static-feeling of Silent Hill.  On a lighter note, the gameplay reminds me a lot of Doom and Wolfenstein.  I feel that they could update some of the graphics, such as being able to slide the priest around while he's on the floor and vampires falling through walls.The weapons are relatively normal for horror-survival, being a melee, a gun, and several other items, but it also adds a new twist with a cruicifix that stuns enemies and even kills the Vampires.  Their range of swings are pretty far, even when you've got them in a corner beating them to death, so it feels slightly unfair.The monsters are creepy-looking, able to give me a good jump on several occasions, and even make sense in the areas they are in.  The satanic spawn portal looks very creepy and gives you the sense of impending doom when walking in on one.Audio could be better.  The grunts and groans come off as cliche and often times feel half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  In the end, they actually hinder the experience a bit.  The cries of the monsters are scary and leave me paranoid, so as long as they don't hit me, I feel that the game plays well.The characters are annoying.  Once you save anyone (usually by stumbling upon them inside a room), they are supposed to follow you until you can lead them somewhere safe, but the doors keep shutting on them and cutting thier A.I.s, forcing you to open the door, interact with them, and drag them through before the door shuts again.  It gets very tedious and downright deadly when there's a spawn portal in the room you want them to go into.  Finally, when you do get them somewhere safe, you have to be sure to interact with them to tell them to keep put and stay far away from them when you walk by, otherwise they'll decide to follow and get caught in the same cycle as before.As I've played, I've come across some rather bothersome bugs.  I came upon a glitch where the vampire actually disappeared and attacked me while invisible.  If not for his shadow on the ground, I would've been killed by him.  I think the cause for this glitch was holding the crucifix and holding the attack before he could rise from the coffin.  Also, I'm not sure if it's part of the game or if it's just bad programming, but when I saved Aunt and I brought her back to the courtyard before running off to clear out anymore Hellspawns, I got a message that tolled on my screen, saying that she'd died.  When I went to the inventory, I saw her picture crossed out.  It's probably a bug that kills the NPC reguardless of location.In the end, it feels rather unpolished.  It had a chunk of potential- giving the vampires their good names once again, but they don't really try to update it and it just feels abandoned.  I would recommend getting it on when it's on sale or with a coupon, but that's probably the only best times- not really worth full price just yet.  So, my recommendation is to enjoy it as if it were in an Alpha state, and accept that this may just be the best we'll get for it.Controls: 3/4Gameplay: 2/4Terror: 4/4"
,Recommended,283290,18776407,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fellvoid,"This is a delightfully old-school experience, with a managable difficulty setting and great features that will keep you coming again.I first played this when I was a kid, and it freaked me out a lot. It was scary back then, before the HD era. Nowadays, sure - it looks really outdated. But it's systems are not. Part roguelike, part metroidvanian FPS survival-horror experience, this game is sure to keep you engaged for quite some time. Even after all of these years, with the automatic upscalling and all, the game looks pretty good on a modern monitor.The graphics glitch out sometimes, but it's not something a game restart can't fix.Even now, in 2015, you can see all the work that went into this - it oozes with atmosphere and the creep factor never drops. Even all the typical moments of the old times seem cute now - like struggling to find your path because of ""logical"" game design (this castle Malachai's architect is probably the same one who designed Dracula's). Puzzles are never too easy, neither too hard. The hardest thing is memorizing the environment, as it's a large Castle and, well - you have no map, which actually adds to the experience in my opinion. The game's ""Random Castle"" perk is probably one of it's most notable features - each time you start, the castle is different. And the difficulties do a lot to change up things too.There's a lot to discover, a great challange and ... well, I'm not gonna spoil it.If you're into horror and you don't mind it beeing old and not super-high-spec-HD, get this game. If you are a fan of old-school horror movies, you should try it also. The game is absolutely modeled after the Hammer-era horror movies.This game is a FPS metroidvania and it's awesome for being just that. When I was a kid, this is what I expected the ""new"" Castlevania games to be like. They weren't, but hey - this game is still awesome. I absolutely recommend it!All in All:+ Random Castle in Each New Game+ Great Atmosphere+ Still Holds Up+ A thing that I should not spoil but it's awesome and you will know what it is if you play the game+ Fun!+ Good scares, different each time!- It looks outdated, mainly because of the low res options- It's a hard game, even on easy, in the beggining, until you get the hang of it- Graphical glitches on newer hardwareOverall, as a old-school fan, I rate this a solid 8/10 for awesome atmoshpere and fantastic fun factor! If you are not a old-school fan and you want to try it out, consider the rating to be a 6.5/10 - it will be fun if you manage to get into it."
,Recommended,283290,12619488,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Vanwolfster,"The game is very fun aside from having some bot enemies getting stuck on certain locations, but that happens rarely. The story is very interesting and unique where your mission is to try and save all your family members and friends from getting hunted down and sacrificed to the Almighty Malachi who Nosferatu tries to resurrect. Depending on the family members and friends you save, you will be rewarded with power ups and weapon unlocks plus an unlimited supply of health given the form of being a doctor. There are moments in the game where you have to conserve your ammo if you are trigger happy, using your cane sword to slash and hack enemies, but my favorite combo is impaling the demons of the night with a stake then finish them off by beating them to a bloody pulp. In the story, there will be many bosses to face like about six unfortunately due to the game being a bit short, but still an entertaining game it is if you don't speed run and enjoy the dark atmosphere surrounding the castle and scaring yourself when enemies appear out of nowhere. Overall, the game is a great survival horror and makes you feel the adrenaline rush since you are giving a specific amount of time to save your family and friends. My advice though, is to save the Holy would be victims since you'll be given a very powerful and overpowered weapon that King Arthur's Knights were trying to find, but good thing you have it."
76561197983046354,Recommended,283290,9392677,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,jmc1999,"This game is awesome in a nutshell.ProsSoundtrack is great, best in combatTense not scary but real tense, the music helpsEnemys are nicely varied nothing specialNice randomization of creatures, items and peopleControls nicelyChallenging without being unfairConsNo options what so ever you need a outside tool to change screen ratio, yet that works perfectlyvoice acting, james... james... james... tear my ears offno crouching you'd be surprised how its needed sometimesnumbers are sometimes hard to see or are awkwardEdit also a con. Ai is terrible playable yet swarm like.In my opinion well worth it but as always wait for a steam sale."
,Recommended,283290,10110535,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lilith le Fay [DB],"I've just finished the game, in about 2 hours, so it's a pretty short game. But holy crap, what an amazing two hours they were! It's pretty hard to find good vampire-related games but this one is a classic. I cannot recommend it enough!"
76561198000564041,Recommended,283290,26301473,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,jefequeso,"Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is the sort of game that feels like it's flying apart as you play.  It's an authentically janky experience, filled with rough visuals, rough AI, and rough edges of all sorts... but a surprisingly playable, unique, charming, and fun ""janky experience.""At heart it's actually a fairly simple FPS--traditional, even, with its backtracking and weapon inventory and twitchy gunplay.  You're tasked with exploring a pseudo-random castle to rescue various family members and deal with the local vampire population.  ""Deal with"" in this case meaning ""slaughter.""The arsenal provided for this job is surprisingly unique and varied.  You begin with only a cane sword and your fists, neither of which are particularly effective and lead to a rather difficult initial experience.  Soon however, you're able to find a flintlock pistol and rifle, both of which provide enormous firepower but must be slowly reloaded after every shot.  The revolver is weaker but can of course fire multiple times before needing to be reloaded, and also features a surprisingly powerful alternate melee attack.  The crucifix has limited offensive use, but can be used both to keep weaker vampire creatures at bay and to turn basins of regular water into powerful holy water.  Said holy water can be carried in a holy chalice and will cause massive damage to most enemies, including bosses.  Stakes are a decent melee alternative to your sword/fists and can be used as torches for some extra light, but more importantly are the only way to kill vampires.  Finally, a good old machine gun does machine gun stuff, mowing through enemies and ammunition alike.The combat itself is workable, if somewhat clunky.  My biggest complaint is that enemy attacks tend to knock your view around (similar to Clive Barker's Undying) and it's quite difficult to get your own hits in at close range.  As a result the beginning melee-focused  areas of the game are easily the most difficult and offputting.  Even when firearms come into play, combat is really a matter of ""hit them before they hit you"" rather than any sort of give and take.  Still, the emphasis on non-traditional weapons is interesting, and outside of melee fights seldom feel unfair or frustrating.Enemies aren't the only threat, however.  The castle itself is labrinthine at best and downright overwhelming at worst, and the randomized nature of its layout means navigation can be challenging in and of itself.  And yes, sometimes frustrating as well.  That said, I found that after an hour or so I'd gotten used to the game's maze-like logic, and actually had very little trouble finding my way around or figuring out what to do next.  I even started to enjoy the ""exploration zen"" of having to keep track of where I'd been and where I had left to explore.I mean... there's a story too, but it's far from the main event.  Perhaps less ""story"" and more ""setup"" for the gameplay: you're trapped in a castle, Count Nosferatu is using your family members to summon something even more evil.  Go stop him.  The cutscenes and NPC dialogue are delightfully cheesy however, and a joy to listen to if you're into that sort of thing.Overall, this is a game for people who a) love vampire films, b) love janky shooters with interesting ideas, or c) both.  If you're going to get wrapped up in production values or polish, or don't have the patience for dealing with some quirks, Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is not for you.  But if you're looking for a flawed-but-charming little budget FPS with some unique weapons and a cool horror atmosphere, it's honestly a pretty good choice."
,Recommended,283290,23350081,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,golf,don't let this nosferatu guy next to your light switches⠀
,Recommended,283290,33886699,Posted: 29 July,all,Ungol,"-Arrive at castle-Hot as ♥♥♥♥ sister and family have been captured by evil vampire dude-Find out I am a fencer and I get a sword at the start-Realize that I can use my fists and that they do better damage than the sword-Also realize that I can puch as fast as I click-Become the succsesor of Hokuto Shinken-Screaming ""ATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATA"" at every enemy in game while pummeling them to death-Relatives don't seem to acknowledge the blinding speed of my fists-Nor the massive gore piles I leave behind-Fight other vampires, they took some time to punch to death-They don't realize that they were already dead-Vampires explode into bats-Repeat a few more times-Meet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who kidnapped my sister-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kills sister-Cry manly tears-Proceed to destroy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with kickass lighting effects-Fall in hole, with giant spoopy skeleton-Epic fist fight ensues-fight is almost over, him and I almost dead-""I pressed one of your pressure points."" I say-""What does that mean, mortal?"" Skele asks-""You are already dead."" I reply-NANI.JPG-Skele explodes-Leaves game with epic feeling inside10/10 Would be Kenshiro in 1900's againEdit: Addition of new story because why not, the review is ""popular"" (I guess.).-After beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything in sight, I decide to challenge myself-Instead of using my fists of fury, I take the route of the sword instead-Realize the sword is slow, and you can't block-Hopelessness increases-Realize that this is what Guts felt like when he was done with the eclipse-Become the black swordsman-Uses only sword, flintlock pistol and occasionaly machine gun-Game suddenly takes real forboding and Berserk esque feel-Yelling ""GRIFFIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITH"" at everything that vaguely looks like Griffith-Mainly all the ♥♥♥♥ing vampires- Game is also ♥♥♥♥ing hard as balls now-Feel like every fight is my last-Finally meet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again-As always, he stabs the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my hot as all hell sister-Rage insues-Obliterate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again with decently done lighting-Eat that, you necrophilical freak-Final boss battle occurs-Skele seems more wary of letting me near him again-It still happens the same as last time-His death, my victory, and another challenge finished-Look outside window-Find Kento Miura staring at me with an approving look in his eye-Vanishes after I look for closest pencil and paper to obtain autograph-Looks at computer-Restarts game-One last thing....Wait a bit for the epic conclusion, and see what happens next.Or just theorize what I will do next in the comments.What evs."
,Recommended,283290,22550221,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,XJ9,"This game is the one of the creepiest sh`t I played, even in 2016, the ugliness of the game (because it's old as hell, back in old days it was cool graphics :) ) gives it additional charisma.+Horrifying story+Most of the *monsters* spooky af, and most of them appear as jump scares - classic+10/10 brick-producing OST+Charismatic characters+This game can be very easy or unbelievable difficult depending on your actions - the more people you save the easier it gets, so you decide - save that priest or kick him into the darkness+Even in 2016 visuals makes you feel like you are watching the good old *Nosferatu (1922)* but you are the main character+Steamcards-You may have problems with maximum game resolution and windowed mode - as far as I remember *Dxwnd* (google it like Dxwnd window mode) should do the trick :)"
,Recommended,283290,12702518,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Rezi @stro,used jesus to kill a spooky monster10/10
,Recommended,283290,10249154,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Robot Joe,"Really interesting spooky shooter with slight random gen elements. Some rooms and the location of family members change in each playthrough. Big complaint is that you cannot adjust the resolution but thankfully you can find a hack out there that lets you do just that. GOod game, worth the 10 bux"
76561198044223878,Recommended,283290,12305355,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Doity Toilot,"This game is quirky, spooky, and very frustrating. The clunky AI and mechanics are so bad you can't help but laugh and keep playing. What sold me was that the game was produced to look like an old silent horror movie. Some of the game elements are pretty innovative for the time, like dynamic music, a pseudo-permadeath system and the use of procedural generation. And the final showdown with Orlock himself was so worth it."
76561198102931311,Recommended,283290,34301142,Posted: 16 August,all,FullMetalJackass,"Alrighty. Nosferatu: Wrath of Malachi.This one has been on my radar for a good while. I recently started playing Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth and discovered Clive Barker's Undying, so i've been on a late 90's-early 2000's survival horror kick of late.PREMISE:Rescue your family members from a sprawling castle before they are sacrificed and deal with that vampire infestation using victorian-era weaponry and holy artifacts.PLOT:Nothing really special about the game's plot, as it follows a man whose poor but noble family has traveled to a spooky castle (red flag 1) for the marriage of their daughter to a mysterious suitor of great wealth and influence (Red flag 2). He gets there and everybody's missing (red flag 3) and the main door has a TON of crucifixes bolted to it (red flag 4).He has to rescue his family members and destroy Malachi's servants. The plot is very minimalist, but it works pretty well for the feel of the game as it's a lot like playing through an early horror film.GAMEPLAY:Quite a bit like Clive Barker's Undying. Strafe and bunny hop through Castle Malachi like it's the 90's. There are a decent variety of enemy types that you'll be fighting with a machine gun (acquired quite late in the game), a musket, a revolver, a flintlock pistol, stakes, a holy chalice, a crucifix, your trusty cane sword and your bare fists.The weapons all feel pretty good, but the standouts here are the crucifix and the chalice. Channel your inner Van Helsing by making regular water holy using your crucifix and the throwing it from the chalice for massive damage. The stakes are also interesting because of the ability to use them as torches and to impale vampiric foes before they rise from their coffins.The servants of Malachi include all manner of things that go bump in the night and each contributes to the challenge in its own way. For example, some enemies will scared of the crucifix, while others can be killed outright by it and some are immune. This helps to keep things interesting as you Keanu Reeves your way through this spookshow. The boss fights are made up of the more powerful vampiric servants of Lord Malachi, with a few surprises. Stock up on that holy water whenever you can.The really interesting thing about the gameplay here is that it progresses in real time. Near the beginning, you'll be informed that one character has only thirty minutes to live. Watching the clock, you have to find him a doctor. Each character in the castle can die, both at a scheduled sacrifice time and as you are escorting them to the safe area. After they make it to safety, they open their trunk to give you useful weapons and items. However, the actual act of escorting your surviving family members is where I have a problem. While it's not gamebreaking, the AI of your followers is very, very dated. Sometimes they struggle with doors, block you, or stop following you without any notice so you have to backtrack to find them standing with their face in a wall somewhere. It should be noted that enemy AI is of decent quality, and the game can be quite difficult early on as a result.GRAPHICS:Nothing really special here either save for some pretty cool cutscenes and a vintage film line / grain effect that does a lot to sell you on the idea that you're in a silent movie from the early 1900's. I personally rather enjoy the look of the game, however. The environments are good, and the atmosphere is suitably spooky. The dark corridors and tombs of Castle Malachi definitely nail the look of old horror films, which is exactly what I was paying (and hoping)  for.SOUND:It goes with the time, but the SFX are fairly robotic and clunky. The monster sounds are hokey and fun, but the voice acting is quite stiff. As far as technical issues go, however, there's only really one. As is the case with most games released in 2003, you can definitely tell when a dialogue byte is playing due to a slight his and the occasional pop. These aren't likely to be noticeable; I am simply very picky about audio. These can be overlooked though, as the music in the game is good. Dramatic horror sweeps and suspense tones are used to a good effect and contribute to the gameplay by alerting you to nearby perils. Again, the atmosphere is pretty much nailed here.FINAL OPINION:Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is a great choice for any fan of Bram Stoker's Dracula. It suffers from a few of the flaws that most games from the early 2000's had, but it makes up for them in atmosphere, fun combat, and creative ways to fight the undead. The game takes about 3-4 hours to complete, so it's rather short. It's also only $10 and it's one i'll almost certainly be playing through again on the hardest difficulty.FINAL RATING:8.5 / 10"
76561198099682622,Recommended,283290,31967876,Posted: 26 May,all,Cigarette Goblin,"if you get over the motion sickness these old games will give you, you will find an amazing spooky experience of a classic fps"
,Recommended,283290,16178201,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,שלום,"This game is not difficulty but sometimes it looks so easy you let your guard down.Plus it's spooky, perfect for hipsters that dont wanna play the latest games and with no many bugs.Enjoy this masterpiece, fool human."
,Recommended,283290,32983954,Posted: 29 June,all,suriver22,I have been exposed to all types of horror and yet this game has successfully made me jump + is difficult.
,Recommended,283290,23400079,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Merim,"This is a really fun game, but can be confusing when it comes to trying to rescue everyone because from what I know of, its randomized. Also remember this game is also about TIME. As in, you must beat the clock or else you lose. But you'll have enough time on your hands to rescue everyone. Its not really impossible, as long as you know where to rescue them, and when. The game is scary at first, but that fear will be gone soon.Can you save everyone?"
76561198040024328,Recommended,283290,10980092,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The vintage feeling,"General info~Genre: Survival horror/Action~Number of players: 1~Completion time: 5-10 hours~Not compatible with all computers without installation of a graphic patchStrong points+Atmospheric: screams, growls, whispers, groans+Ambient music: (uploaded by BimberMistrz on Youtube)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAdRmSaoox0+Challenging: including time limit and nighmare difficulty+In-game clock: save your friends and family before Evil awakens or lose them forever+Rewarding valour: for each person saved a nice gift awaits you to help you in your struggle against the powers of Darkness+Nosferatu dead and loving it: fight vampires with traditional means, such as garlic and holy water+High replay value : the castle's architecture is rearranged everytime you start a new game+Inspired by F.W. Murnau'sNosferatu, eine Symphonie des GrauensWeaknesses-Bugs: including NPCs and monsters' behaviour-Outdated graphics and limited resolution options: partially fixed withthis patch-The constant race against time might stress some players and ruin their gaming experience-Price: considering the overall quality, it could have been cheaperMy rating3/5A unique survival horror game with outward flaws in graphics but with a chilling atmosphere, ambient soundtrack, and a satisfactory way of eradicating vampires with holy water! If you are interested in vampire games, buy it during a sale."
76561198024253448,Recommended,283290,33757757,Posted: 23 July,all,RecucklicWhiteMan,"very good, fun, but flawed, ill give a run downPROS:+Atmosphere is superb, as is the soundtrack it makes the game, dare i say, cinematic+makes use of vampire lore, you get to impale vampires in their coffins so you could end some enounters before they even begin+Shooting is not too bad, old school+Boss fights and enemy encounters can be tense+Exploration is fun+cutscenes and graphics (FOR THE TIME) are decent+also while nosferatu himself doesnt appear in teh game, the count is basically him so is all goodyou get to fight nosferatu as a final boss or someone that loks like him, so 10/10 title doesn;t lieCONS:-you want to reload mid clip, well too bad pham, those bullets'll go six feet under-Game can be very difficult if you don't know what you're doing-(FOLLOWUP) And then you get the flintlock pistol.....if you liked difficulty then too bad muh dude-escort missions can be annoying, not as bad as i expected though-biggest one: the layout is procedularly generated. though, not too many assets are recycled- its really shortand i was taking my time on normal about 4-6 hoursAll in all, wouldn't call it a favorite, but had a ton of fun with it. Certainly has some replayabilty.***ADDENDUM***IT IS ADVISABLE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD THE RESOLUTION MOD BEFORE PLAYING, IT FIXES THE TOOLBAR ISSUE AND REFORMATS THE GAME TO 16:9 HERE IS A LINKhttps://steamcommunity.com/app/283290/discussions/0/490121928363052633/"
,Recommended,283290,29149947,Posted: 9 January,all,Toilet_Wine_Connoisseur,"PROS:Atmosphere is beyond top notch. The art design is simple but effective. I especially love the grainy reel-to reel feel of the visuals. It really nails a black and white era horror film vibe. Which makes it better if you refer to the dog as ""Vincent Price's Dogmeat."" The semi-random layout of the castle adds replay value without making it feel disjointed.Weapons are an interesting mix of early 20th century weaponery and classic Vampire hunting holiness.You get a sword,a flintlock pistol(which hits like a brick)A revolver (with a gangsta♥♥♥♥♥pistol whip)A Flintlock Rifle (Which hits like a brick tied to a bigger brick)Holy water ( The BFG-9000 of this game)A crucifex for stunning some enemies and killing others.fists (great for dying in profoundly stupid fashion)A machine gun (For surviving in a profoundly awesome fashion)A stake. Best served medium rare.Enemy types run the range of hellhounds, ghouls, gargoyles, vampires, peasant rebels without a cause and of course more vampires.CONS:Path finding is a bit wonky for your hapless sap family members.Enemy AI is slightly below High School Diploma level.Holy water basically destroys any sense of challenge.Voice acting is a bit cheesy, which would be cheesy and charming if the rest of the games tone was not played so straight.Also,East wing tower music and the graveyard music are some the chilling tracks I have heard in a long time.Got it for $ .99 and got more fun otu of it than some games I paid at least 10x as much for."
76561198175014390,Recommended,283290,21245332,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The_Evolution,"First, yes, the game is old. But it's solid, that's what really matters for me and for a hell lot of people on steam. Now, let's cut the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, here's what you get:- The game is still very atmospheric regardless of it's age.- In each playthrough some stuff like items and enemies are replaced, so you never know what's coming for ya.- Sudden ambushes. Still creepy.- Escorting people is actually enjoyable! Now that's something i respect. Haven't seen it in a while.- Good voice acting and sound effects. OH BOY! the sound effects.- Crucifix, wooden stake, holy water. We're talking REAL vampire hunting here.- Paid less than a dollar for it on sale.The only cons I found so far:- Melee fighting, wich is a little tricky and dangerous.- Discarding remaining bullets in the ""clip"" when reloading.Overall, the game is a pearl. It have been there a long time, in the botton of the ocean. But the shell is open, you just need to get it."
,Recommended,283290,18856504,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Skam,"So uh this game managed to make me jump more than outlast. it's also 100x as fine. Freaking awesome. I doubted buying it because i though ""eh it's one of those 99 cent sale games it'll end up being♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; but it really really really REALLY wasn't. Havn't played it for long but i can definitely see myself wasting a good amount of time on this excellent game and it's aged really well. Just wish i'd managed to play it sooner.ps: If you own this game please consider nominating it for the ""Test Of Time"" award. it's really quite fun to play even today."
,Recommended,283290,26438676,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Fuck Me,it's like a 3D version of the original Doom and I seriously love it *^*
76561197960465381,Recommended,283290,9924314,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,mtkafka,Slender before Slender II before Amnesia.! Actually the game is great because its ten years old and the systems and gameplay still work in it!  Its as good to me as System Shock 2.  And like any roguelike... its REPLAYABLE!   The time mechanic and quest of saving family is simillar to Dead Rising games.   Great game and REALLY hoping the devs comeback to make a truly modeern sequel.  No game captures the style of Nosferatu even today!
,Recommended,283290,10477996,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Amor Fati 117,"If you like ""shock-style horror,"" as the cover art boasts, and are perfectly fine with playing older games, then you should love this one. It's old, and you'll be able to tell right away—for example, you need to use a mod fix to be able to change resolutions, and the AI and physics are rather rough around the edges. But other than that, the game has a number of really neat and interesting concepts behind it.While the structure of the entire castle is static and pre-determined, the non-essential items, enemy encounters, and locations of NPCs are all randomized upon entering and re-entering every room (aside from the NPCs, which I believe are randomized upon starting a new game), making the jump scare element of this game crazy good. You're also pressed against the clock with about two and a half hours (from 10:30PM to 1:00AM in-game) in which you have to try and save all 17 family members that are scattered randomly throughout the castle (a few are bound to specific rooms for plot-related reasons), otherwise everyone who you fail to rescue will automatically perish. Each member you fail to rescue affects the strength of the final boss, so you'll want to find everyone and escort them to the entrance of the castle as quickly as you can.The game has a number of other cool aspects to it, such as having to rely mostly on very restricted weapons (e.g. you have a crucifix but it only harms certain enemies or wards off others temporarily, flintlock guns that need to be reloaded every shot, losing the remainder of your loaded rounds if you reload prematurely, etc.), a fatigue system that drains very quickly, a whole bunch of different ways random enemy encounters can occur, brief texts throughout the castle with interesting tidbits on enemy and castle lore, atmospheric music, very low level lighting at some points, lots of areas to the castle, vampires that have to be killed the old-fashioned way (i.e. wooden stake in the heart), and of course, the timer—which does affect the deaths of certain family members!Overall, I was fairly surprised by this game. The AI for the family member escorts is rather primitive, but that didn't stop me from enjoying it immensely. Better than any recent indie horror game and certainly one of the only games to use random generation in a meaningful and non-lazy way. I recommend trying to beat it with zero deaths for the ultimate experience."
76561198217059347,Recommended,283290,28472793,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Termin8r,"This game is over 10 years old with old fashioned graphics, yet I'm STILL afraid of playing it in a closed room with the lights off! The music gives such an ominous feeling, I'm constantly turning off the music to keep myself from getting a heart attack.The Good:+ Creepy atmosphereThe music makes everything ESPECIALLY creepy. The dark atmosphere, gothic design, everything ensures you'll be having nightmares from an OUTDATED game.+ High replay valueEvery new game you start, there's always a new layout for the castle. Rooms are swapped and the entire castle itself works likes a labryinth sometimes.+ Intense and satisfying gameplayWhen you kill a vampire, you can't help but feel proud of yourself. And given all the adrenaline this game pumps into you, you'd be on your toes alot, watching your back for any vampires or monsters hunting you.The Bad:- Minor glitchesYou might get stuck in some areas.- ESCORTINGOne of the biggest pains in gaming and it's what you have to do to improve your chances and get new weapons. I hate escorts in videogames, but seeing the benefits, mildly softens the blow.The Ugly:- Graphics can be a little distracting an hard to look at- I really wish they gave this game a map system instead of following a glowing green light. It would be especially welcome, seeing how the castle ALWAYS changing when you start a new game.All in all, intense and creepy game that you'd best NOT play alone. 8/10 with a seal of approval."
76561198124626653,Recommended,283290,25343243,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Akul-man,"Good game. Worth the buy.PROs:-good atmosphere-plenty of jump scares-castle rooms are randomly generated each new game, so it has replay valueCONs:-no log/diary for objectives-no settings for video"
,Recommended,283290,23691720,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,LansKavankar,"Now let me begin by saying I'm not a big horror fan that likes games like Outlast or any from that genre with the jumpscares and stuff. BUT this game totally got me. Full on first person shooter with jumpscares. Nice mechanics. Simple gameplay. I screamed and cursed like mad. AND I ENJOYED IT. You shoot and you get scared at the same time. Always expect enemies. The map changes everytime. Quickload? Monster spawn changes again.Gameplay stuff: You have to race against time to save your family members against vampires. Every member you save will provide you with weapons or temporary upgrades, which includes some progression in the process. Enemies react to different kinds of weapons, making each weapon useful in its own right.The concept for this game is really good. Old school vampire story, Dracula lore based means its a very good premise to begin with. Everybody loves the old scary Dracula stuff. No school like the old school. The different gameplay aspects such as the time limit given to save your 16 family members (doggie bruce not in the list) and the possibility of not being able to save everyone makes it even more interesting. With a huge gothic castle as the location, it makes the plot even more enjoyable.The maps might not have much variety. But for a game of its size it is acceptable. Tedious and boring at times, but nothing to really intefere with the gameplay. For a gem this old, i think it did a really good job in doing something different for its genre.On the other hand, old games are bound to be filled with bugs. Enemies don't move properly at times. Can be frustrating for melee but not ranged.  Your family AI can be pretty dumb at following you. I can remember the times when Gregory and Bruce jumped to their deaths off the roof of the castle, because the AI is dumb. Not game breaking, just annoying. But most of the bugs are just minor annoyances, does not make the game unplayable.Only major issue is the screen resolution problem. When you start the game from steam, the game resolutin won't be right. Might be because of Windows 10. I'm not really sure. Only way to solve it is to download the fixes online. Plenty of it. Just go look for it. Or you can go to your Nosferatu folder and choose the start application in the folder. You get to customise the graphic settings. Not as good as getting a fix. But good for a temporay solution.Get it while it's on sale. Maybe when its at 1 dollar. Not really worth the full price. The game can be finished in 7 hours i think,or less. If you're replaying it might will take a maximum of 4 to 5 hours, if you load a lot, since you've familiarized yourself with the game and maps. So not really worth 6 dollars. Old games should be sold cheap, unless its a rare game.That is pretty much my review. I enjoyed the game. Fresh and enjoyable for an old game.  Played it for hours. I was offline when i played. Guess that why my hours were so little. But i can really recommend it to anyone, except the weak hearted. Not good for ye heart. Simple game, but with a different take for gameplay. Not your average FPS horror. Try something different.PS: Managed to get unlimited ammo and no reload for flintlock in one play through. Could not replicate result. Curios curiouser....The chalice is an awesome boss killer. Always use chalice for bosses. Saves time for family."
76561198166537849,Recommended,283290,32563211,Posted: 19 June,all,loomchild86,"An awesome game. Buggy but awesome. It has the best vampire's castle atmosphere I've ever met in videogames.The music is magnificent. The graphics is nice even today.  The game has a procedural generation algorithms so the castle is slightly different each time you play.The main goal of the game is to kill the vampire lord. But the final battle depends on how fast you act to rescue your family members from evil creatures. Because with every death the vampire grows stronger. After a successful escape each of the family members gives you a useful thing. It can be a new weapon or an amulet or even a dog.The castle is big. It has a few wings with dark rooms and corridors, high towers and catacombs and of course a cemetery.Each of the wings is really different and has some unique monsters. The fun thing is that you must follow the rules of vampire hunting. You have to use wooden stakes and to make holy water with your crucifix.The game feels not just like a standard FPS but more like a survival horror game. It even has kind of open world feeling. There is not much ammo to shoot rashly without precision. The monsters are tough enough and each one has its own weak point. Also you have to find medicine to heal yourself.I must warn you that the game has some bugs. For example dog is a really stupid one and it gets stuck almost everywhere. But these bugs are not critical, I have beaten the game two times.Maybe the game is not polished but it has a lot of things to have fun with it. And once again the music and ambient sounds are brilliant."
76561197984574042,Recommended,283290,31211359,Posted: 17 April,all,ƥƦơơƑ,"Quite nice with some flaws.This title is a decent mild horror first person shooter. It has a good setting and atmopshere.Graphics are still acceptable for a game from 2003, especially because you can use modern resolutions and enhance anti-aliasing (just search ""fixes"" here in the forum or ""Nosferatu"" and ""settings"" in your browser).Sound is wonderful, with the exception of some characters, which are sometimes a bit annoying.Speaking of annoying, one of the major problems with this game is that the characters sometimes do not follow you as they should. As the main part of this game is saving your family and friends, this can be frustrating. Actually, I liked the idea and the gameplay in general, also because of this rescuing and because of the randomly spawning enemies which are sufficiently varied. However, there is also one problem with this random system, as it also applies to the people (and dog) you have to rescue: It is fine that for most of them you need to look for yourself in different places. But when I played the game, I could not find one of the characters, so he died eventually. An even bigger problem was a bad design issue when I tried to rescue Sophie hanging from a chain. Please be careful when you do this! You can also find help on this here in the forum.Apart from the major flaws described, there are minor problems, particularly with clipping, so sometimes you or other characters are partly incorrectly moved behind objects or walls. But that did not bother me too much.All in all, this is a rather nice title with a dark and creepy atmoshere and even some smaller rpg elements.It could just need some polish, but I would still give it a 73 % rating.NB: The play time here on Steam is not accurate (i.e., too small), as I played it outside using the ""start""-file in the folder. I would recommend doing so because you can only use the full range of settings (and properly save them) if you use this method (for more info see the Steam forum)."
,Recommended,283290,13549363,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mankybus,"I loved this game back in the day and I still love it now. Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is a very interesting little horror FPS. It takes heavy influence from the classic horror films backing in the early 1900s (Nosferatu, Dracula, The Cabinet of Dr Caligari, Frankenstein and so much more) and brings it all together into an old school first person shooter much more akin to Wolfenstein 3D. The story is, your sister is getting married to the son of a wealthy count in Transylvania where you and your family have gone to visit to take part in the wedding ceremony but you arrive late to the party and it soon dawns upon you that things have gone horribly wrong, only to find out that the castle is haunted by vampires, wraiths, zombies, ghouls, demons and what other kind of classic monster you can throw in there. The count aims to resurrect the almighty Malachi and to bring the world to an end and it's your job is to save your family and to put a stop to the count from resurrecting Malachi.Since this is a Steam review, I want to break it down into simpler, more straight forward lists of pros and cons:Pros:- Open, explorative level design- Interesting weaponry- Fun gunplay- Great aesthetic, has that German Expressionism vibe to it- Really creepy and atmospheric- Old school, using medikits to heal as well as allowing you to carry all weapons and as well as powerups throughout- Very challenging even on easy for your first run- Randomly generated castle with each new playthrough (Some landmarks will stay the same but it's so you're not lost)- A wide variety of nasties of the night to fight- Enemy and item placement is randomized, leaving you wondering what's around the next corner- Fantastic amounts of replayability- Captures the feel of the classic horror films pretty much perfectly with it's soundtrack, story, theme, melodramatic voice acting, etcCons:- Some of the geometry can be very dodgy, making you get stuck or fall through places- The geometry can glitch out really badly sometimes, leaving holes to the neverending void of nothingness- The graphics look a lot like Quake 1 despite being released in 2003- Animation quality is quite laughable- The Wolf 3D maze-like levels will confuse a lot of people, just make sure you remember the layout when exploring- You are timed against a pretty strict clock, while times moves realistically you will often find yourself too late and some of the people you're meant to save will die off (The level design makes that even more of an annoyance)- Hit detection can be a pain sometimes- Not enough powerups in my honest opinion- Health and ammo is a little too plentiful, it can kill the survival horror element of it sometimes- The last boss is far too easy and underwhelming despite his cool design- The game runs for roughly 2-3 hours, that's too short for mostI think Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is a really great game with awesome ideas, good level design, solid gunplay and great survival horror experience. Taking ques from Wolfenstin 3D and being inspired by the films in the early 1900s makes it a pretty fantastic game for horror fans or old school FPS fans to pick and play for a little while. The level of replayability comes in by obviously completing the game in several difficulties but also saving your family members and completing the game as fast as possible, that leaves plenty of room to replay the game if you're really into it.Overall I would recommend this with all my heart and soul, it's so much fun to play and with it's short length, it's great to kick back and relax and watch the afternoon or evening go by playing this, by then you might have beaten the game already. But it's always fun to come back to every now and then. Your first playthrough will take you a lot longer, respectively, and you will lose some of the people you're meant to save and by the end of the game you will just want to hop back on the horse and do it all again, this time doing it faster so you can save everyone and that makes it a very fun and addictive game to play."
,Recommended,283290,22757542,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,[SubDesuH]Abed.e02.720p.Xvid.mkv,"Recently started playing this game and have to say I was surprised. I've found it really fun, but not for the reasons I expected. It doesn't feel so much like a horror game as much as an action adventure with horror trimmings. It has the spooky atmosphere but for the most part I've been lost in the surprising fast-paced and solid combat more than anything.The graphics, although not pretty, are solid and passable save for the annoying film grain filter that obscures anything with a low light source.The most interesting aspect, however, is definitely the alleged randomization of the items, enemy spawns, and (possibly?) objectives? That is definitely something I've never seen in a horror game before, and surprisingly it has a lot of potential.All in all a fun game, though not entirely scary. If you'd like, you can join me as I further venture into this little gem here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VviDXOTtSKY"
76561198048974498,Recommended,283290,11493911,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,rjmacready,"An oldie but a goodie, which still stands up nicely against the innumerable horror-themed first person games which have popped up since. A couple of the reviews I looked at early on made comparison with Clive Barker's Undying, and the comparisons are indeed quite valid...having said that, it has an atmosphere all its own, and hands-down one of the scariest soundtracks (music AND effects) in all of video game history!To be sure, as the game advances those suspenseful aural cues just make things decidedly ""easier"" as opposed to ""scarier"", but the game doesn't overstay its welcome length-wise and can, for the record, be played rather quickly if one chooses to ignore the numerous (and after a while, quite obvious) ""side-paths"" which serve little purpose other than to give over-cautious players the chance to comfortably stock up on ammo and healing 'til said goodies are pouring out of their orifices (all the other weapons eventually being rendered more-or-less obsolete by the supremely♥♥♥♥♥kicking Chalice, in any case).Oh, and you can also knock yourself out trying to save all your relatives and friends who've been imprisoned by the evil beasties, but this is neither essential nor, with the possible exception of the doctor (who kindly restores you to full health every time you visit him), particularly beneficial. In short, once you suss out how things ""work"", you can pretty much play the game at your own pace: good news for both the slow-churners AND speed-runners out there, I suspect.In short...something for everyone!  Well, maybe not absolutely everyone, but I could certainly imagine this game being worth a shot for the vast majority of first person and/or horror fans out there, which I think covers just about everyone who's liable to read this review, or almost anyone who has a Steam account, full-stop/end-of-story. Don't expect the most revelatory gaming experience of your life, just a super-solid diversion from the far greater horrors of normal, everyday existence, and chances are you'll be pleased. Though if you're the type who expects mega-value for your money, you may want to wait for a sale, 'cause it ain't a super-duper-mega-long'un.Verdict: 8.5/10."
,Recommended,283290,31178292,Posted: 16 April,all,Gurkan,"In my first and second gameplay, I shot Dr. Amersfield accidently, twice! (out of panic and shaking hands)Even with crappy graphics this game still scares you hard and pulls you into the story, from 14 years behind."
,Recommended,283290,34243457,Posted: 14 August,all,UFO_boxing,"Very old game that you can only play to have some fun for a while, I'd recommend it if is on sale!"
76561198154757644,Recommended,283290,13343610,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,simdel,"It gets creepier every time...This is a great title. I have played it quite a few times now and find it a bit too tough as I keep getting lost in the Garrison and East Wing area, but it's certainly an experience. The atmosphere is really scary, as the accompanying sound effects and music increase this feeling.I have only managed to rescue 4 people so far and to be honest, if they are all daft enough to be in there in the first place, I don't think the rest deserve to be rescued.Great addictive game."
,Recommended,283290,35133701,Posted: 22 September,all,♥ Boner ♥,"The game is hardly bugged and uses controls that sometimes will end your life (ingame of course) like no fast weapon switch combat and hardly slow down after jumps, also the A.I. isn't a best example in video games....So why i still love the game? 'cause it uses things you won't get anymore from modern games like:Great atmosphere with sounds to build up these even stronger.Real ingame time (every minute IS a real minute)You basically have nothing to do but waiting for the next day and kick the final boss butt (but you will need equipment and keys)Saving survivor grands you boosts and unlockable stuff like guns, health and ammonition.Random generated castle, you dont have a map but it anyway wouldn't help much.EVERY GUN find it use even the crapy old sword you find at the beginning (different enemies needs different weapons to take them down)Ammo that is already loaded will lost if you dont empty your gun and reload. (gives the game more Weapon management)You also can pickup guns multiple times and carry them. (carry 2 Revolver's or Rifle's)So even when the game has it's mistakes i will never start hating it, the game use interessting ideas and actually made them working.The game may be hard for beginners, not much introductions, rarely a way is lighted to mark where to go, many items are needed to continue throught the castle, you may will have no idea where to go and got problem with fights at the start, but give the game time, its worth it. (except you are a modern games graphic wh*re, then to hell with ya!)"
76561198273676211,Recommended,283290,21284238,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Adi Cesovic,As a teenager I loved how thrilling this game is. Had to buy it when I saw it here. The atmsphere is someting to be mentioned. It's a classic. Give it 10/10. P.S. set to xp sp3 comatibility if game chrashes.
76561198052368485,Recommended,283290,33256331,Posted: 4 July,all,davidmvp010,"The music, ambience and sound effects are the best part. You rely heavily on them during the start and middle of the game, but as the story progresses the sound will decieve you more. Just as you start to settle back into your chair, thinking you've mastered the synergy between the sound and monster proximity, the game throw's you curveball after curveball and you have no option but to resume your place at the end of your chair, grinding your teeth with your eyes pressed against the monitor.The lighting is also terrifying, as you only have a split second to react with the correct weapon to a given monster as it dives from the shadows. If you panic and are ill-equpied against your current foe then you immediatley feel that ""giving-into-fear"" sensation, bury your face in your arms and hope the monster kills you quickly so you can try again. Also, the monsters and quest targets will reset themselves after every load, so there's no memorizing spawns (i.e. be on-point the whole time).Buy the game if you can, read a quick guide on the internet or Steam, play in the dark with headphones, hardest difficulty. GL!!!"
76561198176734133,Recommended,283290,29973455,Posted: 16 February,all,Kobalt Frevath M.D,"In our current era of gaming with graphics that are all to realistic, there is a  certain edge, that has been taken off. We have truly desensitized ourselves with all the realism and feelings that we get from it. Nosferatu came out in 2003, the date is currently 2/16/2017, and I still find myself jumping from my chair with a foul word from the fright this game can give me. It provides a randomly generated challenge, with the ever nagging feeling of, what is going to be on the other side of this door. The entire castle is beautifully designed and is a amazing place to get lost in, other than when you come face to face with a portal and a room full of ghouls. All in all, this is one of my top 10 favorite games of all time. It ties in a great deal of vampiric lore, which is another one of my passions, and it lays way to a story that differs greatly from the usual, castlevania esc Vampire horor games. I would definetly recomment you check it out!!"
76561197995240688,Recommended,283290,32407583,Posted: 14 June,all,Jesusmann,Too spooky
,Recommended,283290,17665557,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,snuzi,Great training for taking care of the elderly.10/10 would escort Aunt Sophie down the stairs again.
,Recommended,283290,16855246,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,PatsDark,"What a pleasant surprise. I got this because i heard people worship it on the outlast forums as a worthy horror game. Didn't look like much when i looked at pics and watch movies but, it all makes sense once you give it a chance.  The ambience and soundwork is pure awesome. I recomend it , just keep in mind : It's a old game, not the prettiest. A real shame i didn't play this game in 2003."
76561198039394097,Recommended,283290,25167155,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Nitro,"I have not yet played very far into this game, but I assure you I am enjoying it immensely.This game feels like a quake-style shooter, doom or wolfenstien gameplay in 3D, but has many quirks and features that make it stand out on it's own.Nosferatu, The Wrath of Malachi, puts you as the sole able body in a huge family who have gone to a castle in transylvania to marry your sister to a powerful figure, who, of course, is not what he seems.The castle is filled with demons, from vampires to zombies to imps to spectres, and you must make your way through saving family and friends one by one. Each person saved grants you a new perk at the entrance, from new weapons to the ability to heal there. Your family members CAN DIE, and the enemies WILL GO NUTS ON THEM, so escorting family out of the castle can be a real horror fest. The game is also TIME LIMIT BASED, meaning if you dont book it, people start dying, so do you take old aunt whats-her-name deeper into the east wing to find the rest of the people trapped there, risking her life, or do you escort her out, wasting time backtracking and getting lost, and putting those still in the castle in greater danger?Rescource management is an important part of this game, you are given a supply of stakes and can find more, and you have to choose ""do i use this to make a torch, or save it for a vampire"" that kinda thing. You also start with a Crucifix which can ward off some enemies and even damage them, but does not work on all of them. All in all, the weapons in this game are surprisingly fun and satisfying to use, its hard not to feel like van helsing when throwing holy water on a demon. Some enemies require specific tactics to take down, such as the shadow vampire, a creepy thing that comes out of dark corners to rip you to shreds, can only be killed by the Crucifix.As a horror game, this game does a pretty good job of freaking the player out. Theres no huge jumpscares, but the environment and music can scare the crap out of you if you arent ready for it. Coming from a peaceful dungeon style room right into a hell portal room, the music suddenly goes full blown horror strings and you panic as demons flood out of the portal, in this way, this game fulfills the audio side of horror unlike any other ive played.The random generation gives it some replayability, but isnt anything groundbreaking. (Though keep in mind this game came out in 2003, long before random generation was a big deal in games)The pitfalls in this game are the shoddy pathfinding of your friends and the enemies, who get stuck on things often, and a few bugs. If you reload while already full on ammo, the animation plays and consumes a round of ammo, for instance.I heavily recommend playing on EASY the first time as this game starts off difficult and progressively gets easier, but on your first playthrough getting past the beginning can be hard. Save often.Conculsion!Nosferatu, The Wrath of Malachi, is a horror shooter with gameplay that will trigger moments of nostalgia in old school gamers, as well as be appealing to those who can look past it's simple graphics. The Christian-Folklore themed horror is very well put together and something we dont get to see very often anymore, with crucifixes and holy water and whatnot. If you have a craving for sticking a wooden stake into the chest of a REAL vampire (Sorry, no sparkling ones here) then get it, it will be worth it."
76561197978297674,Recommended,283290,11289981,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Strange Cargo,"This game costs about £1.70 at the moment.  What can you get these days for £1.70p?  A Good game, that's what.There's something a bit enchanting and charming about Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi.  It's definitely got a Murnau and Herzog feel to it and it's helped along by a fittingly beautiful albeit very eerie, orchestral score.The graphics are a bit outdated but you soon forget about that because of the excellent gameplay. At times though, it has to be said that the lighting is quite beautiful.It has made me jump at least twice so far and I haven't rescued anyone yet. The whole game has a retro feel to it which harks back to the playability and addictiveness, of some of the Playstation 1 classics.  I can't quite put my finger on what it is but you might see what I mean if you play it.And it's not without a few laughs, too.  I won't spoil it for you.Oh yes, it generates a random castle and the survivors are hidden in different locations etc, at the start of a new game, which is an amazing idea and already I am looking forward to starting a new game.So anyway, I would buy it. Don't forget to play it in the dark with your headphones on."
76561198070256301,Recommended,283290,15132761,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nightvision357,"I'm sure you'd buy this expecting to be mauled by vampires, devil dogs, and whatever else Satan has locked away in his fun zone but no... the true killer of this game isn't the terrifying nosferatu, or the savage werewolf, they are easily dispatched with a few pugilistic strikes to the face and/or torso, but is a creature so immensely evil that uttering it's very name sends shivers down the spine of even the most hardened survival horror veterans, that's right! I'm talking about the dreaded DOOR!!!! -shivers-"
76561198098229578,Recommended,283290,15211420,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,BadlyDrawnFox,"I'd never played this before, so the graphics are fairly dated and I can't really appreciate the nostalgia factor. That said, I found this game to be way more enjoyable than I expected and loved the gameplay (even though it's by no means perfect). Unfortunately due to the permadeath feature of the game I won't be trying another playthrough just yet, but this game will definitely be one that I'll keep coming back to for a while. Definitely worth £3-4 if you're a horror fan!6.5/10"
,Recommended,283290,9972342,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Fried Kittens,"Very Fun, Still good even though its over 10 years old, not scary but certainly tense."
,Recommended,283290,16122994,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ragevirusmusic23,"62p for a randomnly generated horror fps. What are you waiting for? Oh and remember, muskets take ages to reload. So get ready to dance backwards to avoid the enemies..."
,Recommended,283290,34910334,Posted: 12 September,all,❤ V V ❤,"Haven't played much of it yet to be honest, but I've already died several times, yet for some reason I feel inclined to keep trying. A rare feeling for me nowadays.I'm weirdly in love with it right away as result. Would recommend solely because of how cheap it is as well.It's quite old though, and it shows. So bear that in mind."
,Recommended,283290,26481803,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ArchironDW,"(I only just got the game one sale, but I have played and beaten it before. Please ignore the play hours)Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi. Not a great many games fill me with as much dread as this one. I remember my very first playthrough terrifying me to the point where I had to step away from my computer for awhile, and I had issues getting to sleep for the next few days after. That says something about this game, as only one other game in all the years since then has managed to ♥♥♥♥ with me so badly (Not even Amnesia gets me that bad)It's a vampire thriller game, made in the classic style of Vampires(hell the second to last boss fight looks like Nosferatu from the old movies)The story goes that your sister Rebecca is being married to the son of a wealthy Count. You show up late, the last of your family to arrive, only to find out that you and your family are now trapped in a randomly generated castle, filled to the brim with Vampires and zombies, among others. Your goal is simple: Rescue your family and friends from the clutches of Evil in a set real-time limit of 1 hour and 30 minutes. You need to hurry, as your family members WILL die if you don't.Visually, it's not the sharpest tool in the shed. It was released in 2003 and it sure looks like it. That being said, maybe it's just me, but it has quite a bit of charm to it.Gameplay wise, it's a first person game. I'm hesitant to call it a shooter, because while you do get Guns from certain family members if you rescue them and get them back to the Sanctuary in one piece, you also get your classic vampire hunting affair; Wooden Stakes that can be used to stake vampires or used as torches. A crucifix which can be used to repel vampires and kill ghosts, and a chalice that you can find and put water in with, then bless it with the crucifix to make holy water to kill monsters instantly.The game is truely an experience, if you're the type that understands graphics aren't the most important thing. In fact, if you can get past them, it's atmosphere and soundtrack alone make it better than most dreck put out today that people just eat up for some reason.Now pardon me while I go and further ruin my chances of sleeping well this week.tl;dr The visuals may be outdated, but the gameplay, the story, the sounds and music, and just the sheer atmosphere of the game make it absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,283290,34980891,Posted: 15 September,all,glockhead,"Scary and hard. Soundtrack is amazing. Graphics and engine are 'a bit' outdated (characters can easily stuck in textures), but overall it was a great experience."
,Recommended,283290,11356504,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,TΛPETRVE,"Now this here game is an interesting little oddity. Being a low-budget production from the early noughties, it never was meant to exhibit strong visuals or production values in general, and thus looks only the worse for wear after more than a decade. It also suffers from less-than-perfect collision detection, nearly non-existent enemy AI, and several frustrating bugs. What it lacks in polish, however, it sure as hell makes up with atmosphere and simple, but remarkably tight design."
,Recommended,283290,22888949,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,MagnificentTunaFish,"First off, this game does not work in fullscreen with Win 10 and you cannot see your health or ammo without using a program. I use Windowless Gaming which is on Steam for $10 and like it a lot.Secondly VAMPIRES! So many VAMPIRES to shoot in the face, punch, stab, and teach that the best letter of the alphabet is t for JESUS!The music is awsome. So is the filter. Enviorment is creepy and tense in that way modern Steam ""horror"" games think is jumpscares. Also there are VAMPIRES!"
,Recommended,283290,23691455,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Nima,it was the first game played on PC  many years agoit`s awesomeevery times u start to playing new game again many things such walls doors ،npcs place ..... changing
,Recommended,283290,9377697,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ceferistu,"Nosferatu is among the few horror games that would make me jump off the chair, its forté being the musical score. The rugged, gritty graphics help build the atmosphere and the well-placed sound cues complete the total immersion of the player. I've played and beaten this game countless times, yet i can honestly say it made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants every time i played it. It will probably scare me again, because i plan on beating it one more time. 5 stars out of 5, 10 points out of ten, you name it. Highly reccomended!"
76561197999782420,Recommended,283290,13059395,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MordaRazgrom,"Amazing randomized game of creepiness.  Very good atmosphere.  Graphics are dated, but I would say they are more ""nostalgic.""  Like the old Thief games from back in the day.  I think it adds to the atmosphere, and you can tell that a lot of love went into creating the overall creepy ""feel"" of the game.  There are occasional bugs, both graphical and gameplay."
76561198257479970,Recommended,283290,22538940,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Rly Cla$$y,Great horror old school game very hard to beat.Not seen any bugs and glitches yet but hoping for none :D Great game worth every penny 9/10
,Recommended,283290,29248961,Posted: 14 January,all,Sugartits,I wish I had played this back in 2003...would have♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants though.
76561198000368313,Recommended,283290,24508605,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Bazyboy,"Nosferatu: The Wrath of MalachiCons- Bugs- Horrible controls- Need third-party software to run on Windows 10 properly- Outdated graphics- Dumb AI- Escort missions- Escort missions combined with dumb AI- Weird design choices- Loud jumpscares- Its easy to get lost and wander around the castle without clue where to go next- Holy water is really overpowered and makes the game super easyPros+ Didn't you look at the screenshots? You are fighting old school vampires in an classic gothic castle to rescue your friends and family from being sacrificed for some ancient dark lord! Bring over a friend, buy some beer and enjoy this epic battle against undead and time. All the cons mentioned above only makes the experience more fun as long you have that friend to enjoy it with you all the way. You'll laugh at how frustratingly slow your aunt walks through the castle, blocking your way and holding you back, only to give you♥♥♥♥♥♥zero in return, You'll make jokes about how your dog Buster sometimes disappears only to be found alive and well outside like a freaking coward. And don't get me started how much fun it is to figure each unique enemy's weakness together and freaking shoot a Count Orlok look-a-like with a freaking machine gun in his ugly pale face!Great game, but best to be experienced together!"
,Recommended,283290,22515399,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[ChaosInc] (Chaos) Jester,"I've played an hour and a half of this game (pre-review writing) and can honestly say I like it, its a bit chunky on the graphics, a tad dated, but its fun, its never the same castle twice (Something that could keep me playing this for years to come) and saving people coes with massive benifits! Like a revolver, good greif is that thing a god-send! Besides all that heres a run downPros:Random world, enemy and loot generation, though starting rooms are the same.Variety of weapons and enemies, maybe not a huge variety but enough to keep things interestingSaving characters is a great boon! Seriously... I've never lost the preist, but if he never told me about that scroll...Theres a story and background here!And now... sadly, for the;Cons:Dated graphics, its pretty chunky on this frontA tad difficult. Be careful what you do...Appears to be slightly bugged with Windowed mode permanent and not quite full screenThats all I could think of, may add or take away as Iget on in the game. Did I mention there seems to be a time limit?In all seriousness though I cannot stress this enough,pick your bloody battles!"
,Recommended,283290,11317976,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Notice me Senpai,"My friends and I used to play it at the time Doom 3 had come out, and trust me Nosferatu is even scarier!"
76561198003323623,Recommended,283290,12134678,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,DX♥™Monsignor®✌☣,Good game has very good atmosphere classic
,Recommended,283290,16149387,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kimochiiiiii~~~~~~,"Nice game but very very buggy.Runs very smoothly. Using an HD6670 I got 700+ fps.About the bugs/pros:-AI is fairly stupid, especially your friends. After a battle or jumping down a short height they sometimes don't follow you or just disappear. It sucks having to battle your way through a castle with your grandpa in tow just to find out he's all the way back inside where you fired your first shot. Two of them disappeared when I went back for them. The dog reappeared at the kennel but shortly after it tells me the other guy died.-Reloading and choosing guns is an issue. 2 of your strongest weapons are the flintlock pistol and musket. They both carry only a single shot (as they should), but you can reload while there's still a shot in your gun, meaning you can lose ammo indefinitely (reloading makes you lose all ammo in the clip for guns, such as the machine gun and revolver. Flintlocks included.) Also sometimes when switching weapons using the scroll wheel and mouse button, the gun fires. Sometimes when I reload my pistol then my musket the pistol's bullet disappears.-AI is glitchy. Sometimes the enemy's head appears through the wall scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Every now and then they can hit you through walls and doors. While they spawn from portals they can't be hit or killed until their animation finishes. Sometimes they can't even hit you while you move although they're centimeters from your face..-No radar or map to tell you where to go (although the objectives are in constant places).-Going down stairs or ramps makes you lose control and can sometimes make you fall to your death since most boss battles are on rooftops.-Doesn't tell you about the weapons in the beginning you have to take from your caseI actually died one time going through the game trying to kill men with guns with my fists.-Time limit of 1.5-2 hours-No resolution options (No options at all, basically).+ Save feature with 9 slots+ Randomly generated to some extent+ Many weapons all with their own uses on certain enemies+ Never lags. You could possibly play this on intel atom (actually, maybe not).+ Fairly unique in it's own way+ Animations fairly good for its time as wellWould love to see this as a remake with a lot less bugs, better graphics and possibly multiplayer."
,Recommended,283290,10966084,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,It's Darion,"Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is a blast from the past.Starting as an FPS from 2003, It's been released on Steam for all to enjoy. And boy, did I enjoy it.Starting out at the entrance of a creepy mansion, our protagonist, James Patterson, is on a quest to save his beloved family. Sounds like the beginning of a classic horror movie, right? Well, that's pretty much what you'll get while playing this gem. The game is very immersive with sounds, music, and even the classic movie scratch overlay. I was constantly on the edge of my seat, and couldn't walk into a room, without fear of what was on the other side of the door. That's what a horror game is intended to do, and this one delivers. Let's talk about pros, and cons.Pros-Great detail, even for an older game- The shadows move ominously, and the darkness reaches around the walls, like in real life. I also loved the constant changing of the rooms, which made the game all the more interesting.Immersion- Everything from the small chants when you use the Crucifix, to the doors shutting behind you, really set the mood for this creepy game. The monsters, especially Shadow Vampires, are just amazingly eerie, as well.Intent- The intent of this game, to me, is scary, with an entertainment factor. I was creeped out within the first 5 minutes of the game, and that feeling didn't leave me, until I actually beat it. I liked being kept on edge, while still being able to have fun.Cons-Slightly buggy- While this didn't distract much from enjoying the game, it can still get in the way from time to time. There were points in the game, where I'd randomly die, for no reason(Happened, maybe 3 times). Make sure to save often! The doors can kill, or damage you, while opening at times. The Flintlock will randomly lose one of it's chambered rounds, which is a slight♥♥♥♥♥pain. Especially if you need to shoot something right away. The stakes won't auto-switch, if you use one. You'll have to manually pull out another one, if you want to use it again. Sometimes the family members will fall off stairs, and die. So make sure you walk slowly down them, and try to stay on the walls. The melee combat can be a little clunky, and sometimes the hit boxes will cause you to miss.In all honesty, Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is a great classic game. I'm looking forward to collecting all the trading cards, and beating the game on the other 2 difficulties. Maybe they'll add achievements in the future, to increase the play value. My final review for the game:Replay value: 3/5 - The most you'll do, is beat it on the 3 difficulty levels.Score: 8/10 - Like I mentioned earlier, the game is 2spooky5me, and the cons don't really distract from the game-play. Highly reccomended. Plus, this is probably the first time I stuck my wood in a sleeping girl, and she didn't call the cops."
,Recommended,283290,16278408,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,KorotuS,Best Game :x ( Un joc foarte bun ) ^_^
,Recommended,283290,16210140,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,succcc,"Very scary game, better than some other games of this franchise."
76561198190164117,Recommended,283290,27343329,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gella,The best shooter-horror ever.
76561198027541238,Recommended,283290,9622255,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,PrimeMover,"Never heard of this game until I saw it on steam, but it's not bad. I am a big fan of horror games and even considering its age it is still very creepy at first. Once you figure out the way enemies spawn and how to deal with them its not as bad. Game is fairly difficult even on normal difficulty, I reccomend easy. There are some bugs in the game and is the reason I am marking it down on my review. Stairs and elevators are especially buggy. All in all I gives this game a 4/5."
,Recommended,283290,9976990,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,NikogoNeZhalko,"Nosforatu: The Wrath of Malachi is a great throwback to classic Universal and Hammer horror films and borrows heavily from the silent film classic Nosferatu, including the film's take on Dracula, Count Orlok. It has chilling atmosphere and music, neat-o enemies that abide by the usual vampire rules, and plenty of ghoul killing weapons. The main goal of the game is to rescue your family, who, along with items, are randomized, so replay is a plenty. It is a bit buggy but not annoyingly so. If you're a fan of classic horror films or just want a spooky game, check it out."
,Recommended,283290,10104955,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Big Moist Topsy,"Just finished this bad boy and all I have to say is, wow what a great ♥♥♥♥ing game.It's easliy passable within a single sitting or two and it will leave all horror guru's hooked until the end.Also their are graphic settings in this game, you just have to find them.Computer>Local Disc (C:)>Program Files x86>Steam>Steamapps>Common>Nosferatu The Wrath of Malachi>start.exe and you'll have the launcher come up where you can adjust the setting and from there.Deff worth the $5."
,Recommended,283290,9996177,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Wavewiz,"Great game! the graphics are dated and it is quite old but i havent had this much fun in a long time, gotta be a classic 10/10"
76561198045807635,Recommended,283290,16126600,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Owlmanandy,"A surprisingly enjoyable horror/roguelike/FPS, especially if you can get it on sale.  Also surprisingly scary, too, even with graphics straight out of, well, 2003.Also the first horror game I know where I can punch both dogs and vampires to death, with my bare fists, in the same game, at the same time.  Bonus points for exploding floorboards."
76561198136410131,Recommended,283290,35017229,Posted: 17 September,all,Ya Boi Bruce,"Honestly, it's a pretty solid horror game. It's hard as hell, and a few mistakes even on Easy will get you dead in no time. This, combined with the excellent atmosphere and the grainy old film camera filter really give a good horror vibe, and you'll be jumping at the slightest sound thinking some monsters about to stomp your mudhole in. Plus every new playthrough randomly generates the castle, so it has some slight replayability as well.Wooden Stake/10"
,Recommended,283290,35152527,Posted: 23 September,all,Mylesmata,"A superb first-person horror shooter. Imagine Realms of the Haunting collided with Pathologic and you more-or-less have it. The main hurdle is getting this to run on modern machines (helped by the widescreen patches, although they're not infallible), but once it's working, it's an adrenaline-fuelled, semi-randomised rush through a gothic castle, trying to rescue your various family members before their (fairly arbitrary) death-clock time-limits expire. A decent mix of interesting weapons and clever power-ups, and the sound design is perfection itself.Yes, it's buggy. Yes, it's visually dated (although I personally love the aesthetic). Yes, it can be frustrating at times. But it's damn good fun and at such a low price, it's worth trying even if only one of your eyebrows are raised after reading this."
76561198055550434,Recommended,283290,35014030,Posted: 16 September,all,Cato,"Nosferatu is a great game with some amazing ideas and bad programming.Enemies have certain weaknesses and resistances against each of your weapons, encouraging you to use all of them, as each of them could be useful at any time.Except the cane sword which is pretty much only used if you're out of ammo or just have a deathwish.The layout of the castle is also pretty interesting, and has some fairly memorable rooms, with music that properly emphasizes the ""Horror"" aspect of the game.Stinger sound effects play sometimes when you enter a room with nothing in it, it's completely silent as a ghoul sneaks up behind you. Overall a very unsettling experience, although most of it could be attributed to the aforementioned bad programming.Characters will also die if you take too long exploring, creating a sense of urgency that may be offputting to some, or attractive to others. Although it does play into the story a bit, ie: the ""sacrificing someone by a certain time of the day"" trope.However, this game is not very well made.I've spent several agonizing minutes trapped in the furniture, or stray planks of wood, occasionally an opening door might push you into the wall, or into furniture.Any time you jump, your character jolts suddenly upon hitting the ground at any speed or height. It's extremely annoying, especially when you combine those two things in the thankfully infrequent platforming. Admittedly, there really isn't any platforming at all, but there is the rare occasion when you might try to cross a gap, or climb to a higher level by stepping on some thin planks. You'll see what I mean, especially if you find a way to get the revolver early, or try to climb out of the trapdoor in a certain vampire's room.There is also the fact that most of the time when you climb onto a roof or onto a gently ascending/descending elevator, your character shakes uncontrollably, making any movement extremely stuttered. The way you slide down rooftops could be intentional, but I sort of doubt it.The hitbox for enemies is for the most part fairly consistent, but it's incredibly difficult to determine exactly what the effective range is on most of your weapons.With all of this in mind, I still consider Nosferatu to be a very fun and unique game, sort of a Return to Castle Wolfenstein mixed with a bit of Castlevania.If that even means anything anymore."
,Not Recommended,283290,35449152,Posted: 3 October,all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),"I bought this for 0,99$ during sale and as much as it had few funny and entertaining moments,I don't recommend this game and here's why:Nosferatu is the first person shooter where you have to find and rescue bunch of NPC's randomly hidden all around the castle.Some of NPC's can be slain before even finding them due time limit, but saving all of them is not required to finish the game itself.You search for keys to access new areas and rescue NPC's for additional rewards such as items with passive bonus or new weapons. After finding/slain all of available NPC's, dawn starts and you can acces the final boss fight on top of the castle.The main idea of this game is randomization of items, NPC's and enemies (yet locations, rooms and overall game progression stays the same) but randomization is in real time which means you can just save/reload save state to re-roll what is inside of room (items, enemies, NPC's) and chest reward (before you gonna open them) kinda ruining whole idea.There is no any sort of in-game map and area layout is just beyond confusing. West Wing and bottom of the Castle are simple enough but East Wing and rest of the castle is gonna give you a headache. Not to mention that this game have way, way too many copy paste rooms with addition of auto closing doors behind you will make it even harder to remember what rooms you did already visit.Game engine is really broken. Visual bugs, flickering textures and weird artifacts all over this game, prerendered cutscenes, getting stuck on every objects, you slide on floor like on ice, sometimes even bounce of from stairs, walls and chests makes yout take fall damage quite often. This also applies to NPC's, which may couse their death at random point. Sometimes NPC may die for just standing still or if you move to far away from them. Quite often I died for no reason by just entering room and I still don't know why or how.Enemies can spawn when you revisit rooms, even behind you or on your eyes - getting even more cheap hits on you. Doors are closing itself constantly blocking enemies, allies or you. Heck, opening doors can even kill you at max health. Just instant death from being squashed by them at random points due engine error. Broken UI, mouse wheel changes weapon very slowly makes combat even more difficult. It will even sometimes say wrong number of ammo.Game mechanics are just beyond terrible: weapon reload sometimes work, sometimes doesn't, both enemies and ally NPC's will constatnly get stuck on everything or they will just straight block your way, sometimes forcing you to reload save state. Stamina that goes down really fast for just walking, running and melee combat may sounds like a good idea on paper but it gets annoying really fast, especially when you fight more than one enemy.Hidden timer on life of few NPC's is forcing you to hurry up which combined with how stamina works, castle layout and game engine will give you huge, annoying problems while playing.Also when timer will reach midnight enemies will start spawning like 3 times more often will drain your health and ammo really fast if you not hurry up.Combat is very simple yet broken. Enemies getting cheap shots on you when fighting with melee and range, can't even run away from them to reload your one shot musket because of how stamina works.Even weapons are broken: your first weapon available (fists) is one of the strongest weapons allowing you stunlock enemies until they die, Crucifix supposed to repel certain enemies but its sometimes work, sometimes not and Chalice is so strong that it kills any boss with one hit, including last finale boss.You can pick up ammo and health when max yet this couse you to waste them.Enemies and bosses deal so much damage that you will die and reload save state quite often in this game, even on easy difficulty.You can have up to 9 save states and you can save wherever you are but loading game may couse spawn of enemies right in front of you in the room.Overall game take less than 3 hours to finish.Game runs on very low resolution and there is no way to change that. Actually there is no options menu so you can't even change volume of SFX or music.Even keybinds aren't consistent as you can re-bind only half of them for some reason.Final verdict: Honesly, this game really need a proper remaster. There is some potential but it's really buried under a pile of glitches and some serious annoying problems.In short: this game didn't age well. I do recommend playing it only to fans of very old, clunky games and only on huge discount. Definitely not worth more than 2$."
,Recommended,283290,26326097,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dustpan,Interesting little game where you have to race against the clock to save your family from being sacrificed. It’s a bit buggy and you’ll have to grab a different .exe file online if you want to play in a modern resolution. But it has a lot of charm to it and it’s worth checking out.Hopefully one day someone like Nightdive Studios gives it a remaster.
,Recommended,283290,10104557,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Heinzy the Ketchup,"It's very short. It took me 3 hours to pretty much 100% complete it and there are no special challenges unlocked after completing it.The combat is fairly frantic, unless you got the musket which pretty much one-shot kills everything that is not a black imp/vampire.Lots of jumpscares, but they are not as annoying as you'd think.Should you get it? Sure whatever."
76561198093363183,Recommended,283290,29994524,Posted: 17 February,all,Smackm0nk3y,"This is one of those games where you should be able to be neutral.  I enjoyed the gameplsy, atmosphere and sounds.  The game has a nice spooky feeling to it.  I just can't do timed games since that really isn't my thing.  I recommend this game if you can get past that."
,Recommended,283290,10854639,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Boogie Man,Pretty Sweet
,Not Recommended,283290,18355215,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zephyranthes,"Dissapointed. I read lots of solid reviews for this game so I figured Id get it while its on sale. Play it and the very first conversation you have less than a minute in and the game won't let me close down the pop up for what the preist says. Just gets stuck everytime. Had to log out of my user account on the computer just to force the game to close so I could get past blue screen of death when trying to alt tab or even bring up the task manager.Couldn't find anything about this issue if anybody else had it, too many posts about how to get the game out of windowed mode for windows 10...Had to request a refund."
,Recommended,283290,17375609,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,VisitingTartarus,"Everybody buy this game. Its a fast-paced, vaguely roguelike, survival horror FPS with surprising replayablity, great gameplay, a simple story, a clear objective, a bunch of different weapons and enemies, its easy to just get lost in and play through in one go or pick up, play for a bit, put down, and come back to with almost none of that ""what was I doing last time?"" feeling and I guarantee no two playthroughs will be the same.Pros:-Satisfying gameplay-Simple Story-Great Replay Value-Lots of weaponsCons:-Vaguely Roguelike (Castle Layout Barely Changes)-Dated Graphics-Somewhat Disappointing Endboss"
,Recommended,283290,13590308,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Benedict,"This is actually quite a nice game - I played it for about 20minutes when it came out (2003) but I bounced off it immediately and didnt bother playing it more then. Picking it up on sale recently Ive just played it through in a couple of sittings, and found it to be quite well designed.What caused me to bounce off it initially (and almost again this time round?). Crazy difficulty curve where you get punished for not knowing how to play, like not staking vampires in coffins immediately, not knowing about the save/load options, not knowing you need to *move* as your relatives will die at fixed game times if you havent rescued them by then. My advice: just keep playing, die/lose a few times (quickly), persevere.What do I like having played it through (on easy!). Random levels and enemy placement, tension of wanting to move slowly as the game seeks to scare, with needing to move quickly to save relatives. Tension caused by enemies slowly respawning randomly with limited ammunition.Do I want to play it through again? Not really, but I did enjoy it and I would recommend picking it up on the cheap.PS: Ive played this game for about 2 hours - but I was running it outside of steam so I could get some decent graphics options."
76561197999259229,Recommended,283290,17918107,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Labyrinth2 0,"Great Game! For a Game made in 2003, it has some good aspects that make up the theme for a Nosteratu game. Here is my observation:Pros:Amazing Setting!Great music!Scary atmosphere!Challenging start up.Great weapons later on.Cons:Very poor walking/running physics where you slip often and run out of breath within 5 secoundsReloading at full bullets and throwing the good ones away?Only 4 powerups?Game is too short, it can be beaten in 4 hours or 2.5 if speed running.This game would be even more amazing if the developers focused primarily more on the physics.  The escorts can be tedious, but they give great rewards with better weapons to make the game easier.  Overall, great game! 7.5/10"
76561198037060151,Recommended,283290,23086193,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Parttous,"I bought this game on a sale for less than a dollar and boy was it worth it! I was pleasantly surprised by it's old school visuals and soundtrack yet modern controls and overall ""feel"". It's not a very long game, but it has some replayability due to it's semi-random generated castles. If only there were more games like this..."
,Recommended,283290,26611154,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,GammarayBeast,"This game is one of those proving that a games sum is sometimes more than all of its parts.I genuinely enjoyed this game, and though I realize that its not one for everyone.The different weapons are thematic and fun."
,Recommended,283290,16137193,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Del Griffith,I walked around a corner and got jump-scared by a dog.That really rustled my jimmies.
76561198052054185,Recommended,283290,13256274,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Meat Golem,"This is a definite diamond in the rough. WoM was released in 2003, so it obviously shows it's age in it's graphics but contains excellent ideas implemented very well for that era of gaming. The AI is aggressive, doesn't hold your hand at all when it comes to enemies, and is smart enough for your family memebers to stay out of your way when you're being attacked, or help you if they can.You will die, probably several times, but it will always be your fault, which is actually really refreshing. In these days of cover shooters and regenerating health, your ability to screw yourself into a corner by needlessly engaging with multiple enemies instead of carefully taking one or two at a time is a nice nostalgic touch which meshes very well with the overall story and aesthetic, as you are supposed to be just a man, confronting horrible unholy abominations in an effort to rescue your family.The random element is a great touch, meaning you can find family memebers in different places every time you play. The clock counting down to sunrise adds to the pressure and stress you feel as you come across room after room with no one in it. You might almost catch yourself yelling for Melissa or Gregory, or finding yourself a little sad when you fail to save one of them in time.The weapons are nicely varied. Your fists are your default, allowing you to smash face on little goblins and even stunlock early vampire enemies. Stakes are both weapon and utility, allowing you to stake sleeping vampires if you're quick enough, or being lit on fire to provide a portable light source in super dark areas. The guns are by no means overpowered, given the Flintlock's long reload time and the Revolver's 5 shot cyclinder. The cross is a highly unique weapon, as it can cower low level enemies but not harm them, be charged up and released to provide a bright, brief flash of light to help guide you through a room, and is the ONLY weapon which can destroy Shadow vampires.Some AMAZING sound design rounds out this old beauty. I would seriously recommend turning off the lights and playing with a decent set of headphones, but even on older tv speakers 6 feet away from me, the sounds and ambeint music are very very well done. Creepy noises, creaking doors, moaning ghouls, growling devildogs, all coupled with an ambient music score which was crafted by someone with an obvious love for old horror cinema.I definately recommend giving this game multiple playthroughs, but even once is enough to put this one in my favorites list.Cheers."
,Recommended,283290,10839825,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Inquisitor Dankus Bortis,"♥♥♥♥♥MY PANTS WHILE PLAYING THIS, GOT A NEW FETISH 11/10"
76561198041591533,Recommended,283290,25348533,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Manicosprey,Probably the only good game about vampires and such. The atmosphere is really well done and I felt a little creeped out. Only issue is some minor technical problems. Overall 9/10.
76561198083477844,Recommended,283290,24042858,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tech James,"Really nice classic vampire game, works with Windows 10."
76561197993512705,Not Recommended,283290,21140194,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Copper,"Seeing how all the negative reviews get 0 out of whatever for the reasons unknown to me, i don't expect my review to be welcomed any differently, yet i'm gonna speak up regardless. Yes, i don't understand how this thing keeps being called great, awesome, cool, with great storyline, great graphics. etc. And no, i don't get it how this horrible abomination of a video game even has what, 4 stars out of 5? It's a great mystery to me.First of all, i'm no way into bashing old games for being... you know, old. I'm an old fan(g) myself.  I play a lot of old games. For example, i just re-played Clive Barker's Undying for like... 10th time because of nostalgia. I keep returning to Undying because it offers a unique and interesting gameplay, different ways of approaching it, something new every time. One of these games that you can replay over and over again and everytime you would discover something new, something you haven't noticed before. Creative stuff that used to prevail in old games, you know, some really creative interesting ideas. And it's even older than this one. But i know for sure, i won't be returning to Nosferatu, no way.So i was looking forward to a game to satisfy my strong urge to play a good old school shooter. And i saw this, i saw all the good reviews and i thought: ""Hell, how could i even miss it back in years?!"". Now that i've seen what it was that i thought i missed... Oh boy, was i thankful i did. So, what do i start with. Boy, oh boy, the choice is wide. First of all, the very first thing i didn't like was the menu. It's simply uncomfortable. Pressing ""ESC"" doesn't return you back to game or a previous part of the menu. That's uncomfortable. No video settings? You gotta be kidding me. Control settings? Please, there's almost nothing to customize. For some reason, you can run and jump, but you can't crouch. Dafuq, really?Combat system, absolute joke, from the start we have a sword cane that just looks like a simple medieval sword. I have no idea where they saw a sword cane here. Movements are clumsy, they stutter. There are only 2 ""types"" of attack with that ""sword cane"" and they stutter as hell and look very poorly animated. Mechanics... I don't get it. The protagonist can run like a cheetah for a few seconds but unable to perform anything but two pathetic looking sword moves? Dafuq? You see, do you already see that thin line that's been broken, right? A protagonist that can on one side do something... extraordinary where most people would suck a huge dog's♥♥♥♥♥♥but on the other hand can't do something simple? Nah, i'm not buying it. Then, when (IF) you get a first firing weapon... Yes, in this game you don't just simply find new weapons, you gotta work ridiculously hard to earn'em, which is not a compliment in that case. Even on Medium! The firing and reloading animations are horrible. They're just horrible, hands down. They lack. The game is so bugged, half the time bullets don't even hit the target unless you manage to make a straight line of a couple of meters between you and an enemy, they stuck at doorways; stuck at furniture; plus there is no areal damage. Doesn't matter where you aim-to the head or leg, you'll get the same result. There's no aiming (ironsights) btw and mostly no alternative attacks, so yeah, your right mouse button is pretty much useless most of the time, animation is very broken and again, it ""stutters"", literally. Comparing to Clive Barker's Undying, this game simply seems poorly made in general.Enemies. Mostly the same all the time, appear randomly. Ugly, bugged, move and attack too ""sharply"", too ""fast"" in terms of movements, there's no smoothness. Environment? Now i have no idea whose idea it was to make the castle somewhat random all the time, but it doesn't help at all. If it was supposed to make the gameplay somewhat new with every new game, this idea has failed hard. It pisses off much more than keeps you interested or entertained because with every new game there's just more randomness, annoying backtracking and mess in general cause you simply don't understand where to go and what to do since there's no map or hints of any kind. AI is horrible. I spent good 15 minutes trying to escort some old nag down the stairs cause the damn thing literally kept stopping at every corner saying the same damn thing.Don't get me wrong, i absolutely LOVE old atmospheric games like Call of Cthulhu, Clive Barker's Undying, Cold Fear, Quake, Scratches, Penumbra, Dementium II, Gorky 17 etc, i freaking love them, the unique atmosphere they provide. I love all these old places, survival aspect etc, but this game is just broken beyond repair, it's terrible. It looks terrible and it plays terrible. One of those rare cases when a video game just plain straight♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.I could keep on and on forever mentioning other broken aspects like an absolutely useless ability to pick up health packs even at full health, therefore wasting them - Dafuq?; the fact that they are all different sizes and there's absolutely no way to tell which will it be: small one, medium one or large one until you actually pick up one and see how much health it restores - Dafuq?!; or compass being useless in constantly changing environment; the timer that keeps ticking, oh the timer! If you didn't know, there are several family members that are being kept as hostages in an old mansion and if you don't save good half of them in like an hour and a half of REAL TIME the game ends. I read it on Wiki, since i was too sick of this game to actually test it out myself. Yeah, just like that, apparently it's called a storyline here. Needless to say how much this approach to a gameplay encourages players to explore the place rather than just run like crazy through the levels... Oh wait, that's what you gonna be doing;  or the ability to reload your weapon even if it doesn't need reloading - DAFUQ?!?! No, really, even if your weapon is loaded, you can still reload it, therefore wasting ammo, i'm not joking... And the list keeps on going.So, if you are feeling nostalgic, like i was, try Clive Barker's Undying or AvP 1999 for that instance, they are so much better than this broken crap. 3\10 at best IMO. I fail to see what all the good reviews are about, people will just buy anything these days.P.S. Oh, i remembered why i gave up on this game. Last time i tried to enjoy it, i got killed by an opening door. The horror, indeed.P.S.S. Steam says i can't post a review until i spend 5 minutes in a reviewed game. Well, good, tell me how am i supposed to spend 5 minutes in a game that won't start from a library? I have to start it from an exe. file from a  goddamn folder. Do i have to launch it and watch it crash for 5 minutes? The horror, the horror!!! C'mon man, DAFUQ?!"
,Recommended,283290,34958477,Posted: 14 September,all,The Select Item Subscreen,Spooky in a fun way. Can be bought for $1. Holy ♥♥♥♥ just buy it.
,Recommended,283290,9446846,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Floodehyo,"nosfariti stikes bak,,, ndh e is tstronger than ever....in tis epic game u wil ger t real scare of nosfeiriti and malachin....not for th efaint of hearyt/?,."
,Recommended,283290,24748292,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,kibbles,RIP Headphone users 10/10
76561198024205782,Recommended,283290,16131495,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Tea ❀,"Picked this up on special for 99 cents. Thought I would give it a go. A few minutes in and I've had to sword-fight monsters far stronger than I, awoken a vampire woman (who was none too pleased) - the crucifix did nothing, been shot by cultists and ripped apart by a scythe.They can and will attack you from all angles; endless ambushes await. Was moving so fast to try and see the enemies, up or down, or around, that I think I hurt my neck.Would try to rescue family and be torn apart by monsters again."
,Recommended,283290,23343302,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,☩ KruziikDova ⛧ XAVLEG,"One of my favourite Survival Horror games!Easy for total n00bsNormal for total pr0sHard for total freaks10/10, still want a sequel."
,Recommended,283290,10097455,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Blooming Onion,vampire meme
,Recommended,283290,11159075,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Chudej,"Great atmosphere, some good ideas and a maze-ish level design which some may like or not. It's kinda like Castlevania must have been imagined as a FPP game way back (even though it came out in 2003). Unfortunately the game is a big♥♥♥♥♥escort mission, and can be completed in about 4 hours, depending on the difficulty, but memorizing the castle (that randomly places NPCs that you need to rescue, enemies and item drops) will make it seem like a lot longer and more satisfying experience."
76561198230734888,Recommended,283290,29568670,Posted: 29 January,all,DanimusYT,"graphics: 2/10 (i see you tried, but...)audio: 9/10gameplay: 8/10summary:great game,l i only started playing this a while ago, and it immediately got it's hooks into me,first of all, dont go into this with any false expectations about the graphics, they're not great. everyhinglooks very poor. (fortunatly, that does not stop the game from being fun)as far as audio goes, it makes up for everything the graphics lack, when i started playing this, i got scared so many times, partly becuase the music is so intense,and times jsut right for a scare. .most enemies dont make a sound when spotting you.the gameplay is party a hard pill to swallow, as the goal is to save your family before midnight in game.why this is so difficult is if you're like me, you want everyone alive, (including the family dog, buster.) so you would have to resart, after a:beating the game, B: someone dies, or C: buster, the dog dies.it really sucks for me for that reason, but its only a minor gripe, as im sure not too many people like to try to save everyone.all in all, a simply fantasic game, graphics aside. 9/10."
,Recommended,283290,19000585,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,VALV3 CHIEF 75,if this game was so good then why wasin't drake of the 99 dragons
,Recommended,283290,19753259,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Prepa,cant even run the game10/10 would waste money again
,Recommended,283290,16303844,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Motol,"my first playthrough consisted of getting lost trying to find a key for a wing, having ghouls clip through fences to leap at me, checking the cieling for jumping vampire minions, strafing cautiously around portals to hell, freaking out like a child who saw a bumblebee in their backyard after my first encounter with a shadow vampire when it clipped through a door and made the most hellish noise i've heardpretty fun game"
,Recommended,283290,18511712,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,Good and Cheap
76561197975922125,Recommended,283290,22026480,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Control-Zee,"Nosferatu: The Wrath of MalachiVery old but also very cool game!Grafic patch for widescreen and resolution highly recommended!https://steamcommunity.com/app/283290/discussions/0/558749824447724161/?l=germanSimply replace the new .exe in your steam folder and start it :) you can not use steamoverlay (unless you rebind it) and playtime is not getting recorded but who cares? ;DThis game is old, yes, and the grafics may not be the best but once you get into it you have some hours full of exiting gameplay!The first few tries, you will probably screw up. So for everyone who is lazy about figuring out by themselves what the plot, characters and whatever are about - can simply spoiler himself. still you will have fun for a few hours :)http://nosferatuthewrathofmalachi.wikia.com/wiki/Nosferatu:_The_Wrath_of_Malachi_Wiki"
,Recommended,283290,21493046,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Doctor Bubbles,"Very fun and addictive game. Loved the setting of the creepy old castle and the gameplay. This game is such a blast, i loved plaing it. I do wish that it ran with steam instead of crashing at startup."
,Recommended,283290,22681901,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,I got spooped10/10
76561198256724007,Recommended,283290,22795138,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Gamrx1,"a masterpiece for the ages. features randomly generated castles so you never know what to expect. enemies will spawn randomly so sometimes youll get 0 in a room, then on your way through it again you may find 1 or 2 enemies there.there is also a LOT of sound, like wearing headphones is a must if you play this. youll hear voices, barks, spawning sounds, screams, windows breaking, etc. all sounds that the game plays when enemeis spawn. this way youre always on edge wondering if something popped in or not. you have a torch attached to you so you always have a source of light even if it isnt very good at far distances. good bit of health packs laying around so if you dont play super dumb you can get through easily. a simple objective to rescue everyone you can.i cant reccommend enough 10/10pros-randomly generated castlesterrifying soundscreepy atmospherefun to playlot of health packsfollowers follow wellcons-fists are kind of OP on many enemies, kinda makes the sword uselessrequires a lot of money to play as pants are expensive and once you poop your pants you can never wear them the same way again.story time: was saving someone from the east tower, was walking through hallway when i hear a window break and a scream, turn around and nothing is there except her. turned around and contiuned on my way. hear another scream and jump, again nothing. open a door and hear a spawn sound, ""NOT FALLING FOR IT THIS TIME GAME!"" i scream. hears a bang and drops dead, was shot by a flintlock pistol."
76561197990768776,Recommended,283290,22854779,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,h3X3n,Compelling game with great atmosphere. I absolutely love the castle.
,Recommended,283290,23247725,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,OATH,Look in all honesty? If you take time to figurte this out It's actually a good game. Keep in mind this game is kinda old
76561198240968290,Recommended,283290,24531764,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Slcynder,"Great game, 10/10 would fix again."
76561198121314563,Recommended,283290,24310381,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Serenity,"From the very beginning you feel like you're a character in an old film. Music, the graphics, the way the vampires, demons, etc looked, it created an impression of an old film, which was a truly fantastic experience. I don't even need to say anything, just go play this game. It's maarvellous."
,Recommended,283290,30990880,Posted: 6 April,all,Ricter,"Spooky Scary, expect not really.Enjoyable for a while, but not enough varity to keep you coming back for more.Enjoyed the atmosphere and the setting. Helps to have a love of classic monster movies (Universal/F.W. Murnau) and recommended for this reason.Did not enjoy the repetitive enemies, and underwhelming combat.Sinking your fists and stunlocking mobs is mandatory for your survival.Nab on a sale. Not enough content to warrent full price."
76561198356140184,Recommended,283290,29400619,Posted: 21 January,all,Potato tithes,"Nosferatu: Wrath of the malachi is an old but amazing horror game. The graphics are mediocre but the scares and tension are more than enough to keep you on your toes, i have 10 hours of gameplay on it and im not near done with it, its a true horror classic, 9/10"
76561198038742356,Recommended,283290,13671533,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Enigma88,"For an oldschool shooter it's pretty legit, not without its ""oldschool"" glitches but fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,283290,16151569,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Jeremythellama1,"It feels like it's been ages since I've both played a game I thouroughly enjoyed.And played that thouroughly scared me to death.I got this cheap, it's a fantastic game, buy this if you want to be genuinely scared, and want a good game.Just remember:Save often."
,Recommended,283290,32414841,Posted: 14 June,all,Lionx Dagger,that was actually and supprisingly good gamei was little disapointed that the time was not a time limit where I have to do everything before midnight (it's what I tho I have to do at the begining)but over all it was fun and new type of a game i played
76561197983301475,Recommended,283290,16122131,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"Played in 2003 atmosphere and music/sound effects put the ♥♥♥♥♥ right up me lol.2015 still same effect, graphics may be dated now but the atmosphere andhow it keeps you on edge are second to none.Saying that still looks creepy the scenesWhen those creatures attack you never know where or when ......Make sure you regularly save :p"
76561198149112918,Recommended,283290,24088521,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dragonrider8888,"This is an interesting game. Although I haven't played the entire game, I thought that it was cool how the game would randomly generate things like enemies and item placement.Here is a link to a video I made over the game:https://youtu.be/eUyc_-pVrLw"
,Recommended,283290,30511418,Posted: 14 March,all,selflxrd =DD,No video options no audio options.This is the real oldschool
76561198348749290,Recommended,283290,29845704,Posted: 11 February,all,StormBaron3,Its a fun open world horrorish game
76561198049945266,Recommended,283290,26069159,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ZombieKef,"Old-school and fast-paced horror fun. I somehow completed it once. Very good, quite scary."
76561198049261046,Recommended,283290,16253934,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,My names jerry,this game is 3spooky5me
76561198271438767,Recommended,283290,21655459,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Gaige,"If someone says they don't like this game, tell them ""♥♥♥♥ you, go back to Candy Crush."""
,Recommended,283290,29269229,Posted: 15 January,all,Minecraft Prostitute,"""Bad graphics even when cranked up to max settings"" Well No♥♥♥♥♥♥Sherlock Its A 10 Year Old Game,Deal with it.The Game doesnt hold your hand,They just pop you to the action right away,8/10-IGN"
76561198070527012,Recommended,283290,14074507,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,🍊PureJuiceOwly🍊,"Well the game really pulled me with music and making me question wether something is lurking or if its safe to go into a room. Having all these weapons to fights for specific monsters and the game even in the begining is unforgiving, its so wonderful!  If its ever on special, it is a must grab."
76561198022306039,Recommended,283290,29742471,Posted: 6 February,all,sexy anime babes,best game I ever had
,Recommended,283290,34969297,Posted: 15 September,all,Meowlinton,"""throw out of the window, i have less than 30 mins to live...""""OK""walk push him off the edgewould do that again10/10"
,Recommended,283290,23704208,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Smutny Króliczek,"If you have problems rinning this game, I mean problems with screen resolution, find the actual location of the application and run ""start.exe"". You'll be able to change the screen resolution and other settings.When you're getting angry because of this remember that it's pretty an old game. I played it for the first time mb back in the 2005th. ♥♥♥♥♥♥s gonna play, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s gonna hate. As always."
76561198282948077,Recommended,283290,23907978,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Meta Pk,Very good game if you have a friend near you to play
76561198237659566,Recommended,283290,23969764,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kurmeruk,Very good
76561198058227084,Recommended,283290,23736916,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,UnknownPsycho,"interesting storyline with creepy jumpscares. definitely recommended for fans of sword, crucifix, wooden stick, silver bullets  and everything else you need to be a ghostbuster."
76561198059517024,Recommended,283290,24560056,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Česká Hrozba,"this is a horor game,where biggest scare arent vampires,monsters,werewolves and other monsters............but GRAPHICSAll joking aside,game itself isnt bad,its a survival horror game where youre hero comes to this some kinf of mansion where should be youre family is now terrorized by vampires,werewolves and etc.your goal-try to save every family member before sunriseevery time you save one family member they'll give you something,usually weapon (for example priest gives you a holy water)of course youre family member can die either by monsters or by nosferatuthis game is randomly generated,so the castle changes a bit every time you play new game,so dont expect to find things on places you saw before in new gamegame has great atmosphere and music of a vampire horror which is great...and now i want to disscus technical side of the game and oh my god this game looks worse than first half lifeand this game was released in 2003,the year when we got silent hill 3,maxe payne2 and call of dutymaybe they did not have a budget for it who knowsalso controls are weird,whenever youre on stairs it always feels like youre on iceand also it has lots of graphical bugs and framrate could be smootherbut even though it has lots of flaws its still quite enjoyable game so if you find it for 2 dollars in sales,go ahead and buy it6,5/10"
76561198243439690,Recommended,283290,28669582,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,✪ Despotas,Niceee
76561198156763568,Recommended,283290,29181880,Posted: 11 January,all,White Prime,"Surprisingly scary, actually. I'm a huge horror fan and I don't scare easily, but this game has loads of dark, moody, smoky atmosphere. And it does make you jump when a vampire sits up in his coffin and skitters quickly towards you making weird noises. Or when a howling werewolf come barreling towards you from the corner of a dark room.Decently fliud movement. Combat isn't the greatest as there doesn't seem to be a proper sense of range, and so you just have to swish your sword around frantically to slaughter them, lel (NOTE: I've just now literally started the game, though. You get a musket gun early on which will make things a lot better).But yeah. Certainly worth the 69 pence I got it for."
76561198128163488,Not Recommended,283290,30580827,Posted: 17 March,all,Rook,"For me, the game worked perfectly. For all of you all who couldn't get it to work on your computers for some reason... you're not missing much. I am always surprised and disappointed at all the positive reviews mediocre games get on steam. Uncritical people like these are why the quality of most games on steam is abysmal. They'll just buy anything and rave at how good it is even if it clearly isn't. Are these people even playing the same game...?onto the game itself.GAMEPLAY: Boring. At first, like the first 5 minutes, it's kind of cool and exciting, as you come across the 4-5 something monsters (with no variations in their models) that make up the bulk of what you are going to be fighting for the next 2 hours, which you will then see over and over and have to fight in every other room you go through ad-nauseum. Honestly the game has exhausted all of it's jump-scare value after the first 10 minutes, after which it is not scary at all, because you've basically seen everything. If you still think it's scary after 10-20 minutes, you're kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥. just being honest. go back to harvest moon or something. That's an infinitely better game than this one, apples and oranges and all.OH! and combat tip, YOUR FISTS ARE THE BEST WEAPON IN THE GAME. THEY STUNLOCK EVERYTHING AND YOU CAN JUST PUNCH THEM TO DEATH. that's right. Silver cane?♥♥♥♥♥♥ revolver?♥♥♥♥♥♥ Flintlock? why bother? crucifix? only for the shadow monsters. otherwise its complete♥♥♥♥♥♥as a weapon. Holy water? Just for bosses, which go down in literally 1 splash. hardly a boss. very lame. Nothing in this game really challenges your weapon tactics once you know fists for everything, crucifix for shadow monsters, and holy water on boss monsters. lame lame lame.So basically you're just running through this badly thought out mansion labrynth fisticuffing every vampire and doggy you see to death in like 3 seconds ignoring all of the other frankly ineffective weaponry trying to find your annoying relatives who will stop in their tracks at the first sign of combat and generally be pains in the♥♥♥♥♥to escort to the sanctuary, assuming you can even find your way back there in a timely manner that doesn't waste the 2 HOURS TOTAL TIME you have to complete the entire game. gag. would not recommend.SOUND: Think typical haunted house♥♥♥♥♥♥and you've got the gist of it. It's OK, but very limited. and it clips alot.CUTSCENES: lackluster. And sparse. and do not convey any story at all until maybe the end cutscene.STORY: Typical throwaway vampire lore. nothing interesting to see here. you save your sister from some vampire lord big bad trying to perform a ritual to free an even bigger bad in 2 hours time.VOICEACTING: bleh. mediocre to bad like everything else in this game.PERFORMANCE: I mean, for me it worked perfectly, but I've seen a LOT of complains about crashes and bugs that ruined the game before the game could ruin itself for them, so I guess I'm just lucky(???) to have not had issues.GRAPHICS: total garbage. but then again it was 2003 so you should expect this kind of n64 type graphics, the graphics are not why I don't like this game, in any case. They're whatever for the era it's from.So overall, I would say no, don't get this game, I mean for $1 I GUESS it's worth it, but I would never, EVER buy this for $10. you'd have to be stupid to pay $10 for something like this. I've played better flash games. There's a reason this game is seemingly perpetually on sale."
,Recommended,283290,12717005,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Kvaki,"I wet myself, twice..."
,Recommended,283290,26003701,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tomorrow's Joe,punching vampires
,Not Recommended,283290,17679323,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,yuru,"I bought it because it gave me oldschool fps feelings but the gameplay is way too bad. Single figure fps animations on all models. Enemies instantly clipping inside you, rendering fights extremely awful and rage inducing. I didn't enjoy the game at all."
,Not Recommended,283290,22564833,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Doctor,"Don't buy this buggy piece of crap with horribly twisted random-generated levels, especially on Windows 10, if you don't spend more time on tweaking it. If you can't find someone in this hellhole, you won't be able to even check it in a walkthrough. Your companions walk like they got their brain removed, just like in Daikatana."
,Recommended,283290,25564515,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,βΣHΣMΩTH,The game where i spent over 50 hours in my childhood..
,Not Recommended,283290,31156762,Posted: 15 April,all,Rosemon,Didn't age well.
76561198073389550,Recommended,283290,23711739,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Super Roxxapo,The game has amazing atmosphere. Gameplay is solid. 16:9 aspect ratio is supported. The graphics look good considering the age.
,Not Recommended,283290,34924896,Posted: 13 September,all,Skipper,"How this game gets so many positive reviews is beyond me.Pros: -it runs OK, decent atmosphere, interesting weapons and mapCons: - horrible repetetive combat (basically button smashing enemies and button smashing weapons, rarely you find some ammo for the 1 shot revolver), Crucifix is bugged and almost never works as intended, music que and jumpscary enemy spawns outta nowhere anytime you enter/exit a room, enemies glitch through walls (therefore jumpscaring you outta nowhere), the AI you have to escort is dumb as ♥♥♥♥ and always dies or gets stuckThis is one of those games that you must fail like 5 times before you can actually play it without dying once you know where the bugs come, where the items spawn and in what order you have to go somewhere in order to avoid massive enemy spawns, therefore wasting ammo and med kits."
76561198052490095,Not Recommended,283290,23778064,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Norse,Takes a lot of time just to get the game running correctly. The game itself has a great atmosphere. (me being a huge dracula fan). but unfortunately it is way to difficult and severely lacks direction.\3/10
,Not Recommended,283290,29366173,Posted: 19 January,all,Awpteamoose,"If you don't account for nostalgia, this game actually sucks. It's boring, it's glitchy and buggy to an almost unplayable extent. It has interesting ideas, sure, but overall it sucks."
76561198027982510,Not Recommended,283290,16139558,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Hardcore Games™,"Seems I cannot get this game to run in full screen, instead it is windowed and low resolution mangling the desktopat least they could have fixed that problem before putting it up for salefound a package of fixed engines for other resolutions, but the game still does not do full screen"
,Recommended,283290,15704184,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,moonlight,Awesome spooky game!9/10
76561197983747040,Recommended,283290,28263706,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JohnDaker'sArmy,Enjoyed it for 7 minutes. It's a pretty good game.
76561197982860916,Recommended,283290,12589517,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Vampyre Kyng,"Well I do a let's play of this game, and I have to say, I love it. Period!http://youtu.be/qwVH6PXG5fE"
,Not Recommended,283290,31037783,Posted: 9 April,all,Super Llama,"This game has quite possibly the worst physics I've ever witnessed first hand in a video game.You run on anything less than a 100 flat surface and there's a high chance you'll lose control and just go slipping and sliding all over the damn place (which is fun when you're trying to walk down a staircase right next to a 100 foot drop.) You stub your toe on a brick and you'll probably ramp off it 5 feet into the air and fall on your♥♥♥♥♥(which happens all the damn time when you're trying to grab things out of treasure chests. I finally gave up after the fight with the succubus, where after scaling a roof and having to reload several times just trying to get down off it without just sliding into a giant hole and taking massive falling damage I killed the boss and rescued Greg, and then had to escort him back across the roof and down a precarious set of planks to the elevator. After a few minutes of desparately trying not to slide off the roof I made it halfway down the planks, only to look back and watch Greg ramp off one of the planks a few times and finally just fall to his death.This game has an interesting premise and decent atmosphere, but it's all ruined by the horrendously shoddy physics."
,Recommended,283290,26289605,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mr. Videogamer,yea it's good
76561198136659949,Recommended,283290,19648513,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,fergdaddy,"Nosferatu is on sale. The thing's like two bucks.Screenshot of horrible vampire thing yelling at me. I'm sold.Two bucks gone, Nosferatu secured.Attempt to install Nosferatu.Steam closes unexpectedly.Retry the install. Success!Attempt to play Nosferatu.Half the screen goes black. Only half.Nosferatu has stopped working.Attempt to write a review. Need to have used this product for at least five minutes before posting a review.Spam the Play button, fill my screen with ""Nosferatu has stopped working"".69/10 would laugh myself to tears again."
76561198035054806,Not Recommended,283290,16272265,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,sara_bear,"Graphics from the early 90tys. Audio from the 80tys. Game play worse than than any Comodore 64 game. Unadvisable purchase, cards not withstanding."
,Not Recommended,283290,16224236,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Haruspex,"This game has all the makings of hardcore old school platformers:-Minimal interface? Check!-Clearly symbolic difficulty adjustment? Check!-Escort missions with mentally deficient NPCs that fall to their deaths? ♥♥♥♥ing check.-Feeling constantly lost and being punished for it? Check!Definitely worth the money I paid for it, considering it's on a 90% sale. Would recommend until the sale expires."
76561198103643281,Not Recommended,283290,26528937,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,🐷🐷🐷Pig🐷God🐷🐷,"The sprites are broken and plenty of parts of the game glich when you get to them and you can't do anything about it. The game looks god but isn't. One other major problem is that your ""weapons"" don't work half the time. DON'T PURCHASE THIS GAME! Also the graphics are bad. This game gets a 3/100"
76561197980328361,Not Recommended,283290,26254873,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,bricmpt,"There are old games that look and play well.  Then, there is this.  I am sure there are worse games, and maybe some people have nostalgic feelings for Nosferatu.Unless you like cheese,  just don't bother."
,Not Recommended,283290,27987106,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DWH,Absolutely terrible in many aspects.
,Not Recommended,283290,25744453,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nulju-Lu芳jus,"90% percent of the games I've ever played are horrible, but nothing is quite like Nosferatu. Truly The Worst Game Ever Made, by anyone, anywhere, ever. This game is so bad it doesn't even deserve to be vomited on."
76561198031274946,Recommended,283290,18831874,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Cookbox,"I was quite surprised by this game. Picked it up for under a dollar and I would have honestly paid full price for it. It feels like old school Doom mixed with Van Helsing.First things first, it looks like crap. If you can look past the dated visuals there is a unique level of detail and lore in this game. Second, the controls are dated as well. This is most notable when trying to go down a flight of stairs. Now, why would I recommend a game with dated visuals and controls? Because this game makes up for it with atmosphere and intrigue. I mentioned Doom and I'll also mention the Painkiller games in terms of similarities.The premise of the game is simple. Go into a haunted castle to rescue your family. Each family member will give you unique items after you save them. A few of the family members will die if you take too long though, so there is a level of urgency built into the game. It’s also pretty short. I blew through it on normal in about five hours. Granted, I had to restart a couple of times once I figured out how the time mechanics worked. Also, a significant portion of the castle is procedurally generated. All of the big important fights and family members that you rescue are always in the same location, but the majority of the enemies, consumables, and relatives that you rescue have random spawn zones which keep things from getting boring. Overall its a fun old-school vampire horror game."
76561198212985375,Recommended,283290,18836593,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Spinal_Clock,This game is pretty good considering it came out in 2003
76561198160528436,Recommended,283290,19124834,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Bri_Carlisle,A neat little FPS game with the feel of the 1920's silver screen silent film 'Nosferatu' with an excellent soundtrack and a variety of enemies.10/10 Buy on Sale!
,Recommended,283290,18816108,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Drakevarg,"Although obviously the older title, Wrath of Malachi comes off to me as ""Depths of Fear with Vampires."" That is to say, an indie horror-ish game with proceedurally generated levels, an actual story and endgame (in stark contrast to the endless parade of Slender clones and 'find the exit and get jumpscared' shovelware that makes up most proceedurally generated horror titles), slightly wonky physics, and lots of bugs.There's not much to say beyond that with this one, as Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi is a very, very basic game with a very, very basic story. You play James Patterson, a very British man with a very British family of wealthy aristocrats who travel to a remote Romanian castle to see your sister wed to an enigmatic count. Said count turns out to be - to the surprise of no one who read that last sentence - a vampire, who intends to sacrifice your sister and the rest of your family in order to unleash the eponymous Malachi, who is in essence the vampire god and is sealed beneath the castle.You arrive a day later than everyone else, and realize almost immediately (mostly because the narrator outright tells you) that something is seriously wrong. This is confirmed when your family's priest is thrown out a nearby window, at which point he quickly exposits to you the entire plot of the game (namely explore the castle and rescue your family) and if you could also find the family doctor before he bleeds out in the next half hour that would be swell.From thereon the game is pretty straight forward: wander the castle, fighting jumpscare-enthusiast monsters in roughly every room, find family members and escort them back to the entrance so they can open up their luggage and give you some new gear (or just some ammunition or a unique single-use buff if they're jerks), rinse repeat. There are three wings to the castle, each with a boss or two intent on sacrificing one of your family members to Malachi.However, said bosses are♥♥♥♥♥♥easy if you saved the priest. Or his acolyte. Or your brother. Or your lawyer. Because any of them allow access to the Ancient Grail, which is the most broken weapon in the game by far. It deals massive damage to any supernatural target besides the Count (INCLUDING the vampire god final boss!), killing even the toughest targets in two or three splashes. The only non-boss enemies immune to the grail are dogs and gypsies, the two weakest enemy types in the game. It attempts to balance out by only holding five splashes worth of holy water, but given that you can bless any source of water in the game with your crucifix, it becomes the only ranged weapon in the game with infinitely renewable ammo.The game has a few growing pains in the beginning between the rushed exposition of the opening which makes you figure out the mechanics on the fly, but once you get into the swing of things it becomes a fairly enjoyable experience, and an absolute breeze when you get your grandfather's machine gun two thirds of the way through. It's also not without its bugs, including fairly awful physics that can lead to you randomly bouncing off of any slope you walk over and the occasional random death caused by some sort of glitch when stepping through a doorway, but it's playable enough if you can work past those issues.All in all I found it quite a bit of fun, nothing spectacular but I bought it with the loose change in my Steam wallet for like a buck, so I'm not exactly demanding a game changer. Maybe wait until it's on sale but it's plenty worth the cost of a soda to keep you entertained for a few hours."
76561197978878971,Recommended,283290,18823650,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Primitive,"Alright so this game came out 2003 so i cant complain much about its preformance. It runs solid 60 fps and the dog manage to follow me without getting himself stuck i give thumps up for that. Sure i found quite many ""cons"" when playing but hey its an old game :p. I highly recommend for you people who like classic fps games such as quake 1 or classic doom to try this one out. Here below are my cons and pros..Pros+Runs smooth+Random generated items find+Has horror/jumpscares+Saveing the people is rewarding+Huge map with plenty of rooms to explore (yes you can get lost)+Boss battles-Cons-Missing option menu for audio and more.-Difficulty settings are unbalanced (you might aswell stay playing easy)-Glitches, you may get stuck in stairs, standing too close when open boxes make you take fall damageSurvivors dies randomly when getting out of sight.-Annoying soundtracks for example (East Tower and when dogs attacking)-Really long backpaddleing (None fast shortcuts back to the ""rescure zone"")"
,Recommended,283290,19510947,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hipcola,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6trgojLFEw
,Recommended,283290,13178382,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,feral cat spike bat,"soo addicting, not that scary but the atmosphere and gameplay make up for it."
76561197976421825,Recommended,283290,11344975,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Synoptic -TLG-,If you can tolerate the visuals this game is very immersive and intense. Excellent audio that pulls you in as you explore the dark castle. A lot of the map is random generated and the non linear objectives of the game adds to the scares. It is easy to get lost in the many sections and enemies are smart enough to chase you through them.Definitely would recommend to anyone who enjoys fps horror games who are not put off by older graphics.
,Recommended,283290,16154976,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,junkrun,"-started in a castle courtyard with lots of ways to go-decided to go left dude falls out of a window-lives and basically says, bro where you started sanctuary your safe there and bring people there-went through a door and down into a dungeon-something screams and jumps out at me-i think where the bleep did that come from-oh theres a coffin maybe there-coffin bursts open and anothier creepy bleep thing comes out-ii saw screw it, run back to sanctuiary-i get there and close dorr-they both burst through and kill meNO WHERE IS SAFE!"
,Recommended,283290,16189372,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Netto,Low budget but the atmosphere is perfect
76561198054676332,Recommended,283290,16267849,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Handsome Squidward,Was attacked by a vampire and an imp at the same time.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again
76561198054094015,Recommended,283290,16253393,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,silmwarensurion,Played around 2 minutes of this game. Padded around a few seconds. Opened a door and all hell broke loose. Buy this game now! Will update review later.
,Recommended,283290,16253939,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,For a dollar its pretty good.
,Recommended,283290,16576943,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Oh when Wilson,"This game is really ♥♥♥♥ing scary and really ♥♥♥♥ing difficult. Instead of just jumping at Draculas and dogs falling from ceilings or attacking from around corners, I stayed pretty paranoid during the whole thing. Fighting more than one enemy at a time is the worst thing I've experienced in this game so far. Using the Crucifix to hold back enemies for a moment is really helpful, but juggling between holding back enemies and attacking them is not easy. Get it while it's on sale or for $10, it'll be worth your money. I recommend it to anyone who can look past the outdated graphics."
76561198031235256,Recommended,283290,16321634,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,scott1,"I am currently doing a lets play of this game... The gmae shows it's age but I enjoy it so far and each time you play items, family members etc. are all in different locations in the castle. Worth a look and the price is not half abad either and as I write this it is on sale for 2 bucks I highly recommend this game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wbe0OAGHzWU"
,Recommended,283290,15457457,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,gZes Deuce,beside a couple bugs the game is still playable. think quake 1 and metroid had concieved a child but aborted it 8 months in.7.5/10 games normally pops on sale every now and then
,Recommended,283290,15479349,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,NOSFERATU THE WRATH OF MALACHI is probably the oldest and first FPS-roguelike. Oh and it's a horror game too!  So you get a combination of 3 awesome genres at once. It's a little bit too unpolished for my taste but if you have nothing against games that didn't age pretty well then this game is for you! (This is a wierd recommendation)
76561198011516138,Not Recommended,283290,15663495,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,InvaderLiam,"Cool concept, on the right path, terrible execution.  Very very buggy."
,Recommended,283290,13840165,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Reeze The Vampire,Ver atmospheric and fun. It is also short enough to be played in one sitting without getting annoying or over-done.
76561198099102860,Recommended,283290,14121562,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,iamtodd,"I love these old school FPS horror games. Some are just 'cute', but this one is really good. I'd say that it is a nice addition to a 'horror game madness' night with friends or something. Played maybe half of it on a friend's copy, then decided I had to buy it for myself. I would have bought it even if it wasn't on sale."
,Recommended,283290,14099512,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mellnu,"I would recommend this game at a very cheap price.It's fast, short and somewhat glitchy, but there is fun to found here if you want a short intense experience.It's an old game so the graphics aren't going to be fantastic in this day and age. But set at 1920x1080 with the small widescreen mod you can download and it dosen't look so bad.The controls are your standed FPS layout and for the most part feel fairly solid.The bad stuff in this game comes out when you have to start escorting your family members back to the start of the game. The game has a fast pace to it so it's not really a choir but the AI pathfinding here is terrible. I've had them commit suicide, get stuck, jump to place's they shouldn't be and down right act crazy.The shooting can also be glitchful at times. Sometime's I'd shoot an enemy square in the face and it won't detect it.The fun here comes from being under pressure from both the time limit and the tense atmosphere. Moving at a fast pace with an array of weapons which will run out of ammo fairly fast can be exciting.The game is very short too. Steam say's I've played it for 3 hours, in that time I'd rescued all my family and killed the last boss, bare that in mind.I would say only buy this at a cheap price (I got it for £1.49) and install the widescreen mod."
76561198169841005,Not Recommended,283290,14270134,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,"""LegionMaster""",Please remove the symbol of the nosferatu i hate why people make games in an evil manner! Please remove the star symbol its evil!
76561197988490066,Not Recommended,283290,14356835,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Keeptrucking,Plays in a tiny window. The widescreen fix didnt work. The game seemed terrible for the 5 mins i played.
76561197968305227,Recommended,283290,15192213,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ChaosEngine,"Alright, the bad news up front; this game is buggy as hell.You can be running down a hallway and for no reason drop dead. I just watched one of the AI escorts walk off a ledge for no reason and commit suicide, and when I reloaded my quicksave on the elevator we'd just ridden safely a moment ago, she also keeled over dead, scrapping about an hour's worth of progress.Often, I fly right over the chests because there's poor collision coding, and the monsters have to be coaxed to reach me, otherwise they get stuck in the walls all the time.Now, if that didn't scare you off, here's the good news: The scares are there. It's not Amnesia or any of the other handful of AAA horror's out there, but it still gets my heart going. The sound design is great (ambient, not the voice acting. More on that in a moment). The game also ratchets up the tension masterfully by introducing a time limit, by which members of your family start dying.Clarification -  START dying. Most of the reviews of the game I've read seem to talk as though there was a hard-cap deadline of one hour, thirty minutes. I don't think that can be the case though, as the first two deaths seem scripted to occur at 11pm, and 11:50. No idea when the rest occur, but I'll bet they're once every half an hour or so following that, until you reach 6am. Give or take. I definitely believe it's possible to save everyone in about 3-4 hours, if you MOVE. I could be wrong though; I've only cleared the first boss before my AI Aunt took a leap of faith and I had to start over.Middleground - The voice acting is laughable, and the graphics are subpar compared to today's next gen expectations. The story, while servicable, is thin. Frankly, this shouldn't influence your decision to purchase the game though, as you've been warned up front; this game definitely plays like a B-movie. Enjoyable, but about as filling as cotton candy. As for the graphics, videophiles will be disappointed. Fans of games like Thief Gold will be perfectly ok with what we get.Nosferatu is also HARD. I can't speak for whether or not this is a bad thing for most people; I'm finding Easy difficulty challenging enough for me given the aforementioned bugs, but this can easily become Nintendo Hard on Nightmare. Decide carefully whether or not you want that kind of challenge.Closing: Would I recommend it to a casual gamer who usually only buys Triple A horror titles? No. The bugs are infuriating at times, and I believe that would be a major turnoff for them. Would I recommend it to a die hard horror fan, who's used to playing in the indie scene, and who's prepared to be patient with it? Yes... if it's on sale.The game sucks (vampire puns FTW)... but in just the right way for a fan of the genre."
76561197989050146,Recommended,283290,15237774,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,j-PPP☮,"HAHA, why did I buy this?"
,Recommended,283290,15170337,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,MoistTowlette,"I love this game. The graphics are kind of a turn off, but still scary. It will keep you on the edge of your seat."
,Recommended,283290,16236402,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,bluecoat90,"Combat is pretty meh, but the gameplay on the whole is pretty incredible. Scary as hell, and the premise is great."
76561198096836386,Recommended,283290,16144212,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jack5,Just got this game on sale! It is quite atmospheric and interesting. I played for 40 minutes so far and it is night over here.As I was concentrated suddenly my sleeping brother knocked something on the floor and I almost had a heart attack and♥♥♥♥♥♥my self! Totally worth it! 11/10
76561198077025018,Recommended,283290,16259769,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"A procedurally generated survival horror in the first-person perspective.Your entire family is being held hostage by a Romanian cult at Castle Malachi, it is up to you to save them...or not.You have complete freedom of where to go and what to do, but the threat of death is following you like a shadow.Use weapons like a cane sword, a crucifix, a wooden stake, a bolt rifle and more to defend yourself against the always attacking enemies such as: werewolves, vampires, demons, ghouls, skeletons and more!Throughout the Castle Malachi your family is spread throughout the hundreds of rooms, will you get to them in time to save them or will you die by the hands of some otherworldy beast?You decide.Quickly, too, because you only have an hour and a half or they all die.8.5/10"
,Recommended,283290,11362103,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,DrWakey,"As already mentioned by the others here, the graphics of Nosferatu arent what i would call ""brand new"".Lowres textures, no graphics options, film grain effect over the whole screen.But if you apply the resulotion patch mentioned by the RandalMcdaniel here, AntiAliasing and Anisotropic Filtering, it looks ok.If atmosphere is more important to you than some fancy shaders, this game can satisfy you.Here the link to the res patch again:http://www.wsgfmedia.com/jackfuste/Nosferatu/DR/Nosferatu.7z"
,Recommended,283290,11341273,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,TheLastOutlaw,"I picked this game up while it was 75% off and it was well worth the 2.50.  (The sale ends in a about 14 hours so if you want it grab it now.)  That being said I'm not sure I'd spend full price on it.  It's not a pretty game, it was released in 2003 and the years have not been kind.  But the game play is enjoyable.  A pervading creepy atmosphere and scare resources make combat tense and the tension is further ramped up by the fact your ability to save your family members is based on how fast you can find them (take to long and they start meeting grisly demises.)  Randomization goes a long way towards making replaying it attractive and I like how despite what seems like a limited arsenal the rock paper scissors of lining up what weapons work best against which enemy types as well as the multiple uses of some items like the cross add a level of strategy that keep it from being just another bland first person shooter.Heck, spend full price on it.  If you like spooky shooters you'll be satisfied."
,Recommended,283290,12136281,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,ｇｒｅａｔ ｓｔｕｆｆ,"Don't play this at 3 am, on a stormy night. The atmosphere is absulutely fantastic."
,Recommended,283290,16475424,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sherman,pushed a ♥♥♥♥♥ into a corner and smacked the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of her with my sword.best porno game i've ever played
,Recommended,283290,16475866,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RAW SAUCE 🌶,"Even with it's dated graphics and gameplay, I still get the chills from simply walking throughout the castle.  I'd strongly suggest checking this game out!"
76561197975386686,Recommended,283290,14184128,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Galmech,"A lot of fun out of an old game.I already owned this game on cd but as soon as I saw it on steam I had to get it again.And after beating it, it's still just as fun as I remember."
,Recommended,283290,13284603,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,kemul,"When I first played it, I'm totally confused and don't know what to do. So at first, I hate this game. And the graphics is reeeally outdated. And I hate the combat.But, when I see the guide what to do here, I found this game really interesting and fun! With the randomized map of the castle, I don't know what's waiting for me. The bad combat makes this game more scary because I was hoping that I won't find anymore enemies. And many many jumpscares because the enemy is randomized too! But this game gets buggy at a time, and no autosaves (yeah, because it's an old game). It's just frustrating when you forget to save and get killed :\At first, I think this game would be short (like It will be finished for 1-2hours). But, after I found more and more keys, This game is HUGE. yes, REALLY HUGE. I often get lost in this game lol.And the soundtrack is just getting this game more awesome. The creepy atmosphere and the soundtrack is really makes me uneasy. The character sound, is just, errrr, I just don't really like it lol.Overall, this is a really great game. If only it don't lacks manual, this game would be an amazing game.Oh and I forgot to mention this, but you will need a resolution patch if you want to run it on higher resolution (this game locks the resolution on 800x600). You can find the guide on the community forum here.7.5/10"
,Recommended,283290,13258331,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Yuki,"Makes you yell ""SAVE ME JESUS"" the whole game.11/10 made me scared. Hearts still beating right now. I'm praying."
76561198043276941,Recommended,283290,14129835,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Cntarek,"Y'know those old skool b-movie horror or spaghetti westerns? This game is the same kind of bad, just so bad you find yourself smirking with just how *bad* the game is. I had this werewolf (?) attempting to lunge at me behind a bridge, and its animation would play, and then whip right back to its original posistion, making for a hilarious effect. Oh, and random deaths were hilarious. For cheap, I recommend, anything more then that isn't."
,Recommended,283290,13071524,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sulf Kimchee,"I've only played this game for about an hour or so and I love it. The controls are nice, there is weapon variety, many different enemies and just a ton of things that make this game so good. Two of my favorite features are that you have to use different weapons on different enemies or some are more effective than others. For example, the cross and the stake aren't very good on dogs/wolves/whatevers so you are forced to switch to some other weapon like your cane sword for example. Also I like the mechanic that you have to revisit certain areas to do things such as the dog in the cage in one tower can only be helped when the key for that cage is obtained from another tower.Overall, I'd rate this game 9/10It is fun and worth the ten dollars (though I got it for barely $1.00 due to a sale which I think is a huge steal) and I recommend this game to all considering buying it."
,Recommended,283290,12998010,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,One Stand More,Strongly representing 2003.+A great skybox with a bright moon and bats+Taught me a whole lot about vampires.+Story is on the right dark path for the genre+Light your path with stake torches or save your stakes and hunt in the dark+Use a crucifix creativly5 stakes in 5 fangs
,Recommended,283290,14143218,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Jeav,"preists falling from windows, what more could you have in a video game? 11/10-IGN"
,Recommended,283290,12768480,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,{ANS}Wolf1994,Good game. Gameplay is somewhat intense. It will be nice if all gamers play this with a compatible game controller.
76561198073114052,Recommended,283290,11506572,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,bettyboopdolly777,"WOW, Monsters come out of nowhere; Vampires, Werewolves, Devil Dogs, Skeletons...etc are ready to surprise attack! What a great game! :)"
,Recommended,283290,11266566,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,zkratt,"WARNING!When I started this game, the game had som kind of seizure.The whole screen was flickering and stuff, it was very far from playable.Luckily, here's a quick fix for that, aswell as resolution problems:www.wsgfmedia.com/jackfuste/Nosferatu/DR/Nosferatu.7z(Creds to RandalMcdaniel)Allright, that issue aside it's not a bad game actually.#    Not that much enemy variety but enough to surprice you from time to time. The enemy types differ from eachother in pretty significant ways aswell. If it looks different, it's gonna act different, you're gonna have to deal with it differently.#    A little odd that an old game like this would have this long loading screens on a modern system. They're definetly bearable on the PC's of yesteryear but... I'm gonna let that speak for this buggy and pretty badly optimized game.#    The game has a randomly generated castle, but not as random as people might try and tell you. That said, you can't Ace this game by memory, but you might have constant hunches on where to go if you've played it before. Nevertheless it can get challenging so it's still a very appreciated feature.#    The game has really ugly graphics and not any options regarding it. As far as I know, it hasn't got a strong community behind it so I doubt there's any mods like Hi-res/HD texture packs or anything of the sort. And by the way, there's a really annoying noise-filter covering the screen which could really bother some people. Look at theese screenshots and know that Doom3 was actually released the following year.#    The game has a scarce ammo system so you won't be running and gunning. You're gonna want to make your shots count.#    It's oldschool without the ""regenerating health""-system or some modern ""oh-no-there's-a-monster-nearby-so-if-I-look-at-it-for-too-long-I'll-instantly-die-without-any-logical-explanation""-system like most horror games have. You're really gonna be stuck in situations where you are being kept on your toes scavenging for health, ammo and.. yeah.. survival - really hoping no god damn monster will show up and kill you.It's far from the best game ever, but it's definetly more of an actual Game than your average slenderman/scp-ripoff counterpart you can get for free on the internet. So it boils down to this: Do you want a Game that's gonna last a few hours, or do you want an experience that's gonna last a few ten-fifteen minutes of collecting papers? Nosferatu is definetly a cheap-looking game and I'd recommend most people to get something like Amnesia or Outlast over it, but still, it's an oldschool game - with guns - you can kill the monsters - but's gonna be really hard if you crank up the difficulty, especially if you're low on health so you might aswell run for your life anyway.This game has a nostalgic value to me and I'm therefore extremely pleased to have it. I bought this game the first time back in 2004-2005. The disc got lost. From time to time I've tried to get a new copy of it but no luck. Last year I found it on a website costing about 3€. Just about an hour ago I found it on steam for 2,24€ (Discs sucks nowadays and I like my games on one and the same platform. Steam rocks!)Anyway...would I recommend you buying this? It's actually a very fun game. Oh, I'd advice you all to get this game on sale if it interrests you. Mainly because it runs and looks like crap and for the original 8.99€ pricetag I think you can get far better games. Then again, I posted a fix for the graphic seizure... and I've paid for this game three times by now..xPCheers!"
,Not Recommended,283290,20797505,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Derek Hellscream,"Cons first :1. Horrible Resolution support had to google for about 20 minutes to find the right fix.2. Steam doesnt run it as admin by default, causes a ton of issues.3. Sometimes runs but doesnt drop cards in the meantime.4. Tries to fight with stuff on my PC (I have idea what) causing frequent freeze ups for 0.5 sec per 5-6 mins.5. Poor hit detection and too much of phasing through stuff. Bad animations. Horrible AI.6. More laughable than horrifying. Only thing that spooks me in this game is the horrible character movement and hit detection.7. Enemy spawns are extremely random and different for every game yet VERY predictable.8. Game switches to windowed mode everytime till you use another Fix from the internet.9. Mediocre storyline.Pros :1. Game is pretty DECENT for the time it was released.2. Crappy Animations are still better than Guise of the Wolf The Game Animations, and that was a 2014 game.3. Great weapon, cross, holywater concept.4. Great level designs for the time of the game.5. PERFECT atmosphere. The dark has the right amount of lighting for the right place.6. Is kind of like Blood II but a bit better than that game.5/10, Generic - Buy during a sale."
,Recommended,283290,20784139,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,KindOfExcellent,"I bought this game 14 years ago in the box and had no idea what it would be like. I found that I couldn't put it down. This game is excellent. I bought it again on steam hoping to support the developer.It can be very hard, it's almost like a first person resident evil, where you have to conserve your ammo and play smart. The immersion is what I remember being the strongest part of the game. The filter effects and ambience make you feel like you're in a old movie.The only cons I can think of are; I wish it was longer and I wish is had more replay value, unlocks etc.9/10Also, make sure to run in compatibility mode if you use a newer OS."
,Recommended,283290,20740492,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,🔥[SAMO] Scuba Steve🔥,an old school fps with arogue like feeling as everytimeyou start a new game the layoutis different with items in different places
,Recommended,283290,20386993,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Eddiefying,"Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachiis a very rough diamond - that's the best way I could describe it. If someone would be willing to polish it and remake it to today's standards, I am fairly certain it would be a successful game. This review is purely from my first experience of the game, so I might update it later in the future after playing a bit more.The rough story of the game is that you've been invited to your sister's wedding in Transylvania, Romania, and as soon as you get to the castle where the wedding is meant to happen, things go awry and you need to find and save all of your friends and relatives in this hellish castle.I had slight trouble booting up the game initially, but I quickly fixed the issue by putting the game on compatibility mode. While the game is still in a weird window, surrounded by black, I managed to play it without many problems. (Had the audio go off once for no reason which led me to restarting my computer)The actual mechanics of the game may be rough but I found them quite intriguing - in particular the fact that the castle is more or less randomly generated, along with the items, which makes the game replayable many times. Changing weapons is a bit tedious: one scroll of the mousewheel shows your weapons, and a second one lets you actually scroll through them, which I found irritating, in particular when I'm battling vampires. The animations of... pretty much everything are limited and there's not much variety, which can take you out of the experience. All the flaws aside, the sound and atmosphere of the game is what makes it great, in my opinion. It keeps you on edge and that's what I love about it. The lighting, design, sound, and some visual effects are really what drew me into the game (like the moonlight shining through stained glass in the courtyard of the castle).Overall, I would recommend to buy this game during a sale, (I did) as it's not really worth the full price, but is a fun game to kill some time and might be something exciting to horror game junkies."
76561197990406921,Recommended,283290,20596684,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MMG Man,"This game has some issues on steam.  However, it is a pretty fun game for its age, a little buggy in places but overall a fun survival horror game."
,Not Recommended,283290,20060489,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Parkeldarb,i bought this game expecting it to be a perfect old school shooter horror game in an asylum with vampires and monsters screaming at yousadly this game was horrible first it wont start when you install it so you have to go with the main game files to start the game then i didnt like playing it at all it was so awful that you'll have to pay me to play this game not me paying you after that i wanted to write a review it said i have to be playing the game more than 5 minutes to write a review . i idle the game to 30 minuets and wrote this reviewi refunded the game you dont buy it
76561198029125872,Recommended,283290,25202723,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,nick022,"A classic survival horror experience, good old vampire hunting fun. Got jumpscared a few times, especially in the beginning when I didn't really know what I was doing. I definitely recommend Nosferatu for retro gamers like myself who don't mind games from the past, because this game was released in 2003, and it looks and plays like a game from that time. If it's on sale, proceed with purchase."
,Recommended,283290,26568909,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LifeWeaver,"This game was a pretty good, it's age only adds to the atmosphere of the game, The fact that I had trouble with the 'family' was the only annoyance I had."
76561198002986817,Recommended,283290,26750477,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Phantom Virus,It's not a great game but it isn't a bad one either. It's just a simple shooter with a random environment and enemies. In the end I got so frustrated playing this game on medium that I played it on easy so I could just finish it. It isn't very long but you can buy the game for a buck and change. There isn't much to say about the game honestly. It has little to no story although there are some jump scares from the enemies. I don't enjoy games that have time constraints that are tedious and map designs that are just plain strange. I'm glad its over with so I can play something else.
,Recommended,283290,28988240,Posted: 3 January,all,AlFOskuro* ƾƹ ɐȴȽ ζ,This is what i call a Perfect Game! Excelent!It is old but i finished it because it was made Excelent.
,Recommended,283290,32029141,Posted: 28 May,all,PromKing2010,"It's okay. It's a game about the famed Nosferatu, there are a few jumpscares, and the mechanics are alright. The graphics are okay. I got this game cheap, and its kinda fun. Not something I would pay full price for, but its fun and its kinda nostalgic. 10/10, would jumpscare and play again"
76561198111519480,Recommended,283290,31990873,Posted: 27 May,all,tuyrd34,A classic game.
76561198207961495,Recommended,283290,31990033,Posted: 26 May,all,Kuyrald,It's games like these that make people comfortable with bringing a gun to a violin orchestra.
76561198341356947,Recommended,283290,32112150,Posted: 1 June,all,David Porter(Gambit Wizard),Great Nostalgic feel and randomizes certain parts including jump scare music.
,Recommended,283290,32123635,Posted: 2 June,all,Vlad5543,The longest 5 minutes of my life.
,Recommended,283290,32180261,Posted: 4 June,all,arTiCE,"Basically Amnesia The Dark Descent with guns. Great ominous atmosphere and imo, good level design (open-ended in a way), but one big difference with Amnesia is, when the creepy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s jumps at you from the dark pit of hell, you can blast it's head off with a machine gun (yay!)Game is a bit buggy though, so far i got bosses that didn't spawn, shots not registering, and clipping through terrain.7.5/10  good old game, get in on sale."
76561197969749884,Recommended,283290,31172568,Posted: 16 April,all,Sarkoth,"Nosferatu didn't age well graphically, but gameplay wise it is a brilliant jumpscare FPS with extreme replayability (as well as oldschool difficulty) due to the random placement of items and character each playthrough.It looks like crap, physics are bad, the story is almost non-existent but yet at the same time, it is a masterpiece of a time almost forgotten. I had much fun replaying this after so many years. Actually more fun than with most current games."
,Recommended,283290,29200069,Posted: 12 January,all,Morgun freedank,awesome like you know something will jump at you at the next room you are mentaly ready it has bad graphics and you still get scared thats the magic of this game. Also if you play it with a friend next to you you are gona have some serious fun.
,Recommended,283290,29102966,Posted: 7 January,all,Gzack,"Quick but a very enjoyable game! I liked the story, as a fan of Dracula and other campire stories, and the gameplay was surprisingly well done. The only complaint was that the models in the game (like terrain) will sometimes cause you to loose progress.Overall, a great game!"
76561198096077932,Recommended,283290,29261157,Posted: 14 January,all,KreepingJedi,So far it's been an enjoyable game..a little glitchy in parts but not a bad game.
76561198110066008,Recommended,283290,33917244,Posted: 30 July,all,KingLightan,"How my exprience went. Walked around the courtyard and got jumped by a wolf. It didn't scare me that much then found a priest, scared the crap out of me. Went down in to the basement saw a vampire and his ghoul. ALT TABBED faster than a sanic on crack and uninstalled. To scary for me......maybe once i get balls ill try again later XD"
,Recommended,283290,34145258,Posted: 10 August,all,Boomstick Mick,"There is an eldritch creepiness to this game that's akin to the horror movies of old. Just playing it with the lights off and my headphones on gave me feelings of dread and suspense that I have not felt since I've played the first Clock Tower or Silent Hill. As an OG survival/horror fan, I can tell you that atmosphere is important when it comes to games like these, and wrath of malachi delivers. Sure, it lacks in aesthetic appeal, but, everything from the music, to the ambient sound effects of old wooden castle doors creaking on rusted hinges, to the subtle whispers you hear in certain areas of the game will have you looking over your shoulder and reconsidering turning those lights back on.The positives:The controls are solid and I've had no issues with them. As previously mentioned, I love the music and the atmospheric sound effects. the selection of weapons ranging from a cane sword, to flint lock pistols, to good old fashioned crosses and wooden stakes can be used effectively and strategically depending on what type of enemy you're fighting, which is my favorite part of the game. It really utelizes that old school vampire lore to create an authentic vampire-hunting experience.The negatives:As good as this game is, it does have a few issues that need to be addressed. There are a few glitches in the game, mostly physics based, that can be annoying: sprinting down stairs can sometimes result in recieving fall damage. I have experienced unending looping sound effects when reloading my weapon, which lasted until I finally shut the game off and reloaded my save file. There has even been a couple times where my character just inexplicably fell over and died at full health with no visible threats within my vicinity. Unless Kira was working for the Romanian count, I'm not sure how to explain this one. The bugs in this game are minimal, but they don't lack the capability of being annoying, especially when you stumble upon one and realize you haven't saved for a while.Complaints aside, I say this game is worth the ten bucks. I got it on sale when it was only a couple dollars, but if I had paid full price for it I would still have gotten my money's worth. It's a bit short - lasting about three to six hours, but the chances of me picking it up again are pretty favorable."
