user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,283680,13010334,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Class F Inquisition,"Astbreed is a game that leaves a lot of story to the imagination, the 'how' & the 'why', go largely unexplained. However the action is by far a crowning achievement, as a sidescroller, Astebreed goes to great lengths to create changing dimensions during play. You may be charging headlong into enemy fire to find that the enemy is now behind you, or drop down on a foe & fly circles around them during combat.During combat you have Spread Shot/Spread lock-on, Focus Shot/Focus lock-on, Blade Flurry/Blade Dash, EX Nova/ EX Blade Storm/ EX Wild. The shot & blade techniques are a simple difference between holding down the required button, however the EX attacks vary depending on how many targets your locked on -if any- & lastly if you've locked every weapon you have on a single target you go EX Wild.The game has difficulty settings, chapter select, & leaderboards as part of the replay experience. It also has a gallery of all sorts of unlockable images to award your exceptional efforts.10/10 I would save my kawaii sisters again. :D"
,Recommended,283680,14437680,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,The Colonel,"In the massive world of anime, Astebreed asks a question that may have never been asked before, and one that I have been pondering since time immemorial.What if your waifu was a giant robot with the soul of a young girl?The answer, provided by Astebreed, is one of epic OVA proportions. But don't let yourself be fooled, there is kawaii to be found inside this world. But you must fight for it. You must fight to create a more kawaii world for everyone. Should you fail to do so, there will be no kawaii left. No more oppai. No more moe. Even otome novels will be a thing of the past. This is not a world worth living in. Ready your button fingers and slice those bullets to carve a path to a world of kawaii for everyone, a world where maybe even Sakura Angels could one day be a reality.This game is a test of your dedication. Will you fight for this utopia to become real? Or will you run and doom everyone to a world of darkness and despair? Even your waifu?Even your own waifu?"
,Recommended,283680,10295133,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,md2501,"This game is simply spectacular.It's obviously inspired by ZoE, and quite possibly it's the closest thing to ZoE we will get.This game is a shmup with a twist. You have a wide range of attacks from the get go, including wide and narrow ranged fire and you sword. There is also a dash attack, which is very convinient for changing your positioning and evading. Special attacks is where things get especially interesting. Once the attack is charged it's up to you which special you want to execute. The basic difference is that one is more offensive — dealing a lot of damage to the enemies, and the other is more deffensive — giving you brief invincibility and a chance to evade heavy fire.You might find that the first few stages are very easy. Don't drop your guard though, try to use the opportunity to learn the mechanics and get yourself comfortable with executing different maneuvers. I can't stress enough how important evading gets later in the game, when suddenly you notice you start getting the Continue Y/N screen a bit too often.Presentation-wise, the music is good. So far, nothing I would listen to on repeat, but good enough. Visuals are spectacular though. You will want to get destracted from the action by the scenery, because it's that good.I haven't finished the game yet, but I definitely will. I'm not sure how much replayability the game offers: there are different difficulty settings and you can always try to go for a better score. Regardless, I think I will play through the game at least several times simply because how good the game feels and looks.Definitely recommend this game to any fan of the genre and anyone who is willing to give it a try."
,Recommended,283680,10299942,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Treygone Martin,"Fantastic game with fantastic production values, smart design that encourages you to use every trick in the book, tight controls, pretty solid audio (found EVR to have a more catchy soundtrack), and a strong scoring mechanic (see Altynex Second).  My only concern is that the game was way too easy on normal mode; I pulled my 1CC All Clear in about an hour (my third attempt I believe).  This could be noted as a positive for many people since shoot 'em ups were intentionally prohibative (see DDP, Battle Garegga, Rayforce, etc) and I'm sure the game would suit me better on the now unlocked hard mode but considering I have only 1 real (excludes iOS ports, Gigantic Army, etc) single credit all clear in my years of shmupping (Kingdom Grandprix) I don't think I'd brag about this one nor add it to the list.  On to hard mode!Edit: Just wanted to add how pleased I was with the wealth of options available in the game.  You use a lock on mechanic like Souky but they even let you customize the controls to react similarly to Rudy where the straight lock zone is reversed making dodging while shooting feel more sensible.Hopefully final edit: I was curious going in whether there would be a stereoscopic 3d mode like there was in EVR, unless I'm completely blind there is not."
,Recommended,283680,21873566,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Diebuster,"First: ignore the ""TOO EASY"" reviews. They are jokes. None of them took note of score, 1CCed Hard mode or even COMPLETED it.One of the best, most underrated indie games out there, made doubly impressive by the development company's obscurity & status as part-time devs. Despite classic arcade-like design principles, it's not a ""nostalgia game""; it can hardly be described as ""X meets Y"". Maybe Sin & Punishment's cinematic on-rails presentation + a shmup's bullet dodging + Alien Soldier's sheer variety of stuff to do... but that wouldn't really do it justice.Before going more in-depth: Astebreed is NOT a bullet-hell/bullet-curtain game. It simply has bullet-hell ELEMENTS. You'll be dodging stuff and the last two bosses can get pretty manic, but you'll be destroying enemy shots in mid-air with your sword (or projectiles) just as much, if not more. It's less of a bullet hell or even a shmup as much as... an anime mecha game. If you find games like Dodonpachi to not be your thing, give this a try anyway; if you're into bullet-hells then chances are you're into arcadey games in general, so also go ahead and play this; just don't expect bullet-hell.I will outline the attacks here, but make sure you go through the entire tutorial to get a better feel for just how they work in the middle of battle:You control a robot while locking-on, shooting, sword-slashing and comboing your way through various perspective-shifting stages. You have two normal shots (activated by tapping their respective buttons) & two lock-ons (holding down their respective button). The lock-ons are a forward & spread shot respectively, either targeting around you in a circle or in a straight line. Your slash is more than it seems at first glance; sure, you can quickly tap the attack button to do a fast combo, but this can often leave you open; sometimes, AVOIDING the longer combo attack by timing your presses just right is the better way to go. You can also hold on to the sword button along with whatever direction you want to dash towards, sword-first. Lastly you have a variety of context-sensitive special attacks; if you press the special attack button while locked on to nothing, you will damage whatever is near you (the range of this effect increases once you unlock the second mech) and creates a short aura of invincibility around you, which adds a nice element of strategy. While locked on to a large group of enemies, your mecha will automatically home in on them and slash them up at a crazy speed; meanwhile, while only locked on to a single enemy, you will pull off a very anime-esque move on it taking out a significant chunk of its health. The scoring system is easy to understand and hard to master and involves plenty of practice of all the aforementioned skills (once again, refer to the tutorial on scoring). Many will feel that the game will completely destroy your fingers, but if you find yourself mindlessly mashing the normal shots chances are you're not playing it right; the lock-on is very useful throughout most of the game and balances out the button-mashing quite well. The on-rails camera-shifting (from side-scrolling to vertical shooter to behind-the-back third-person) is truly impressive; it helps add to the game's variety while also making for interestingly-composed cinematography.My gameplay gripes are balance issues, occasional lack of proper (yet not game-breaking) attack telegraphing and the lack of a DEFAULT option to set the movement keys to WASD. The latter, however, is easily fixed by googling ""Astebreed WASD"" and getting the Astebreed tweaker from the Steam forums (however note that sometimes it might create a strange delay for the directional keys; if this happens, just restore the defaults and set your own controls again). The former might just be a result if my (crappy) play style, but it feels like an area in stage 3 along with the last boss are both a bit too much of a difficulty spike. Even then it's nothing as big as, say, the contrast in difficulty between Ikaruga's first and second stages. Beyond that we have the occasional bizarre crash when using the ""restart game"" feature, but this can't actually destroy one of your runs, so I can look past it (also my computer is an ancient piece of garbage that was old even when I got it in 2008 and I can't even properly play this on max settings)My own technical issues aside, the presentation's great. The art direction gives everything a cohesive space-y feeling while still being varied and making good contrasting use of color, the robots look so cool they even won over an old-school Japanese cartoon robot purist like me (I'll always prefer stuff like Go Nagai's Mazinger Z, Osamu Tezuka's Pluto and Mitsuteru Yokoyama's Black Ox to the more detailed ""real robot"" types that this game took influence from), the music is fitting, the animations and sound effects work... everything just comes together to make you feel like a mecha-piloting badass.You probably noticed by now that I've not mentioned anything to do with the story or human characters so far; depending on a variety of factors, those can be a bit of a mixed bag. If you're extremely bothered by otaku-centric modern anime (which I am not), you will absolutely not be able to stand them; but that's not an issue, because you can skip every cutscene and completely mute all the anime talking. I don't, though, because I AM an anime fan and I enjoy the way the game makes you feel like you're playing a dramatic, well-directed, bizarre Japanese cartoon. The in-game dialogue can also be an issue if you can't speak Japanese, because most of it is delivered through gameplay and it's VERY hard to pay attention to both the subtitles AND the crazy robot action simultaneously. If you really want to know the full story and character interaction, I recommend watching a Youtube longplay instead (which might also help with certain difficult parts in Hard mode). Lastly we have the character art, which I place more focus on than most people. Putting it simply, the game clearly has various artists with very different levels of skill. Some of the visual novel-like cutscenes and human character artwork look super-stylish, expressive and cool by visual novel standards (actually, they look more like a high-profile TV mecha anime show; the art on the upper-right of this very page is an example) while others are just about what you'd expect from a visual novel. If you're not an art elitist like me though and find a lot of commonly-praised VNs to look pretty, those occasional downgrades will not bother you & the particularly good parts will surprise you even more.This is also a short game, but if you're into arcade games this should not be an issue; arcade design is not about artificially creating ""pacing"" by stopping the action to force you to solve physics ""puzzles"" or pushing a block over a switch, which can be an issue with otherwise-great games. There is no exploration and no grinding; the game's world is not your oyster. Good arcade design is about pure non-stop gameplay bliss, a barrage of creative enemy formations and set-pieces that will stay with you for years. It is not about offering the player the illusion that they are forging their own path, but about creating a pre-set obstacle course and then giving you a very wide variety of ways of making your way through it and grading them based on their inventiveness. Replayability comes in the form of beating all the modes with all the mechs, 1CCing hard more and improving your global score.Given this is an obscure game, the art unlockables are actually a nice thing to have because you can't just find all of them online. Some of them, like the 2D mecha concept artwork and the aforementioned stylish human character pictures, are definitely a visual treat. You also get to view every model and effect, because why not.This is not just just a mere ""old school nostalgia"" game; it is simply a good game."
,Recommended,283680,13179606,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,kalengfanta,"as a guy who played strikers 1945, raiden series and other bullet-hell games, this game really takes it to another level. from graphics to game mechanics itself, it really is different than other games i've played. the story is quite intriguing and when they decided to add voices to the game... ""my god, this game is awesome"" the only thing missing here (according to me that is) is the multi player function. i'd love to kick some serious♥♥♥♥♥in this game with my friends in co-op like the olden days of playstation. i think that is all i missed from this type of game.and one more thing....THE SOUNDTRACK IS AWESOME !!!!!!"
,Recommended,283680,17659507,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,cap'n,I love destroying robot alien things while dodging a multitude of projectiles; with the bonus of having an anime girl scream at me whilst doing so. :^)
,Recommended,283680,10730164,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Drake,"A fantastic refinement and expansion of what Edelweiss started in their fun but flawed Ether Vapor. Astebreed is mechanically solid, easy to read and a joy to play for shmup fans. For newcomers to the genre Astebreed can work as a fantastic introduction. The game features a fantastic prologue chapter that functions as an in-game tutorial. There is also a gallery that demonstrates the various abilities and how to execute them with video and interactive tutorial segments. Finally the difficulty levels are well scaled, providing challenge and fun to all skill levels.Once you learn the mechanics and beat the game it doesn't stop there. Astebreed features deep and rewarding scoring mechanics on top of all the other great features, so if you enjoy score chasing and leaderboards there is a lot of meat here.Finally the presentation is about as flawless as you could ask for in this type of game. The anime stylings perfectly capture the feel of 80s and 90s mecha and space opera anime, much like Ether Vapor before it. The music, audio and visuals in game are top notch. This game is a tour de force for shmup fans and a triumph for Edelweiss' particular design concepts."
,Recommended,283680,24885727,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Akka,"Not your typical bullet dodging shmup title. You have an hp bar that regenerates so it's not going to♥♥♥♥♥♥on you for the smallest little mistake. Also you have a sword option to quickly dispatch enemies, and 4 different shot types simultaneously.Increased firepower comes with way more enemies than I expect from even this genre--entering shooting and exiting the screen far more rapidly than I expected. The dynamic camera and directions you fly through each level make this game feel way more immersive than being trapped in the same one flat plane for an entire level (just about every shmup ever).Crimzon Clover sets the high bar for shmups on steam but this is a worthy contender and completely worth trying out if you're a fan of these games."
,Recommended,283680,16514828,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,somebody336,"Astebreed is a shoot em up with an odd twist. It is constantly changing perspective from isometric, horizontal and even third person points of view. It's a neat gimmick that helps make the action look over the top and adds a bit of personality to the game. Another thing that separates it from other shoot em ups is the addition of a sword that lets you destroy most projectiles and to attack enemies for big damage. Most enemies also shoot red projectiles which can not be destroyed, so it is unwise to stay in melee range and not have time to dodge. If you are particularly talented though, holding down the melee button lets you teleport a short distance which can be used to close in on enemies and dodge red beams. I found it a bit wonky and teleporting to be unpredictable but that may have been due to my own skill.You start off as the President leading a small group of Xbreeds to fend off the enemy. Things quickly go wrong and both you and your squad are killed. It is a good prologue that teaches you the basics of the game and is an important piece of the story. From then on you play as a young goofy looking pilot.  Story is surprisingly interesting though pretty corny at times. All dialogue is spoken in Japanese and only the subtitles are in English. Which can be a problem as the characters are prone to talk during the heat of battle and it is very hard to both read and fight at the same time. Levels are also nicely interconnected and it feels like one big adventure instead of a few levels thrown together due to how well the transition from end of level story section to start of the next level mix.There are 6 levels overall not counting the prologue and should last you a bit under an hour. After you beat the game you will unlock the hard difficulty and a lot of extra goodies like concept art, view-able character models and back-story for the world and the characters.  The back-story would have been far more useful before you played the game. You are thrown in and are expected to know everything from the get go. Not sure if Astebreed is an anime or something but the story is hard to understand the first time through and is further worsened due to the fast paced nature of the game forcing the story to move at an equal pace. That leaves it no time to flesh out the characters and very little time to explain who the enemies are and the events that caused all this. You also have the option to turn off a dialogue which is very appreciated after a few playthroughs.Gameplay is fun and you have quite a few tools at your disposal. You can use a spread shot or a narrow shot like a regular shoot em up to take out enemies. Holding down the scatter shot button lets you lock on to all enemies around your giant mech and holding down the narrow shot button lets you lock on to any area of the map and is useful against boss fights as it locks on much faster. That is also the only way to shoot behind you which some bosses and enemies annoyingly like to do. Your mech can also use a sword for heavy damage against enemies or to block most projectiles. Using your sword greatly lowers your speed while in use but by holding down the melee button you can teleport away. Which is not usually a wise thing to do as you do not know where you will end up and are likely to get hit anyways.Unlike most bullet hell games Astebreed does not usually have a pattern to the projectiles and you are expected to block them with your sword. Sounds good until they throw in red beams making it nearly impossible to avoid damage at times. If you do get hit it is not the end of the world. You have a rechargeable shield which can take a lot of damage and it starts recharging itself slowly after a certain time without damage. If you are playing on the hard difficulty, your shield will not fully recover and the more hits you take, the lower your ability to fix your shield becomes. There are no lives and if you die you will simply be thrown back to the nearest checkpoint. There is also an “Ex attack” which allows you to damage every enemy around you and to become invulnerable for a while. Fully locking on to and enemy with your missiles and press that button unleashes an ultimate attack. Ex attacks can be recharged faster by blocking projectiles with your blade.Graphics in Astebreed is not impressive technically, but the artstyle is amazing and makes this game very cool to look at. It is full of color and the environments are varied. You go from the Ocean, to space and inside a giant station to name a few. You would expect everything to be black and gray in those last two areas but Astebreed just has a certain style that you can't help but love. Some cutscenes are hand drawn and anime style. These are nice to look at though they do break the flow of the game. I can't say if the voice acting is any good since I don't speak Japanese but the quality of whatever they used to record the voices sounds pretty low budget and scratchy at times. Music on the other hand is decent and fits into the game perfectly.Overall this is a pretty good game with a decent amount of content to look at in the extras menu. After beating it you can start off with the mech that you unlock late game, which is a nice addition. It does have a few problems like the targeting when the boss goes far behind you, which can be very hard to aim it precisely where you want it before it's on the move again. Another problem is the teleport feature that needs to be refined a bit, as well as allowing it to be mapped to a different key, instead of having to hold down the melee for a few seconds which makes it very hard to use when you need it most. Other than those problems this is a very well made and fun game. The big focus on story is an oddity for these types of games and helps carve out it's own identity. Astebreed is highly recommended to those looking for a twist on the genre or are simply looking for a good shoot em up."
,Recommended,283680,19692141,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,MrTtype,"This is the best (scrolling) shooter I've played in years. If you liked Panzer Dragoon Orta, R-Type Final or Gradius V, then get this.This is not, and I believe not designed to be, a bullet hell shooter. Just because there's lots of bullets, doesn't make it a bullet hell. Thunderforce 4 was not a bullet hell shooter and see all the bullets in that!If you see negative reviews here on Steam saying this is a failed bullet hell type shooter, please do yourself a favour and ignore those ignoramuses as they cleary dont know what they're talking about."
,Recommended,283680,19234689,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,DEHU,"Review For AstebreedReview by:DEHUPros :- Good graphics- Funny Dialogs- Great Story- Good voice actors- Fantastic controlsCons :- The game a bit too short.Review :Astebreed is a Typical 2½D shoot 'em up Gundam style, with only 2 Gundams to choose from.The game is quite fun to play with the characters in the game.The story is that humans are at war with a mechanical Horde of Alien Locusts known as the Filune, which wreak havoc on entire worlds. On one distant world, Grato Nono engages with the alien forces, losing his squadmates and eventually his own mecha.One of Grato's daughters, Fiona Nono, comes to save him in a mysterious legless mecha and quickly performs a Hyperspeed Escape, where they are picked up by a Federation-like fleet.A long period later, Fiona is partnered with young pilot Roy Beckett to launch an offensive against the Filune, using the mecha Fiona saved her father in, now with a new pair of human-built legs. But allying with the hostiles is Estina Nono, Fiona's psychotic sister with a rivaling mecha.Additional Infomation :Developer: EdelweissPublisher: Playism and EdelweissGenre: Singleplayer, Shoot 'Em UpReleased on Playstation 4 in 2015Released on Steam in 2014Follow my Curator page :http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6858371/This review is written for :The Panda's Corner"
,Recommended,283680,13625238,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,nahlgae,"A great, great game.  Edelweiss doesn't disappoint again.  Easily one of my favorite shmups although fans of more hardcore 'bullet hells' might find it a bit easy/forgiving.  Haven't tried on the hardest difficulty yet so maybe that changes this.  Really fun combat system and the changing perspectives (similar to Ethor Vapor) are done very well to make the beautiful and cinematic stages even more so.  Only gripe people may have is the brevity of the game, though it's understandable as a doujin game that follows in the style of classic arcade shmups.  Lots of replay value, though as it goes with these types of games, and I certainly look forward to picking this up whenever the mood hits to play it again."
,Recommended,283680,10302755,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,The Wise Wolf,"""If I can get a little sister out of this, this would be worth it."" - HumanityWith just 6 chapters, this would show how fast beating the game once takes. This game like all shorter games have replay value. The replay values can range depending if a person wants to challenge a harder difficulty or not. The gameplay is seemingly simple and it brings a lot of fun. The art is pretty amazing especially the scenes that are not during a fight. As this has controller support, I greatly enjoyed playing this game on a controller. Though it was short, I felt that it had a complete story. The sound and the voice actors were pretty good. A game that is different from most steam games would make this a fresh experience for new players. A game with high replay value is definitely worth the money.The only problem is that the subtitles are way too fast during some fights. Even if I wanted to read them while playing, sometimes they talk in a rather fast pace which brings a lot of subtitle change."
,Recommended,283680,11757179,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"A jewel of a game. More than just your usually shooter. A masterpiece put into the design of the gameplay. Using the works of scenery, the functions of the blade are a definite plus considering the mecha unit. On this game, you will like many other shooters face many bosses. However there is indeed a plot line. A 9.7/10. 10/10 if there was more to the story and building it up, sure we cannot connect pieces together but this work was amazing. However my money is not wasted on this game. It provides excellent fun. If you take the time to enjoy a game for graphics, gameplay, and some story. This one has promise, can be one of the next best arcade games. However I must say that the models shown within the gallery, the storyline, the development all seemed to have a correlative ease. Although at stages there are parts we want to read, they also can distract. However this game really gives us the Bullet hell feel with a little slash and dash along the way. If you are thinking of purchasing this, I do recommend it. I was addicted on my first run that I simply had to do it again just to be sure."
76561198003518430,Recommended,283680,16534261,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Baine,"WARNING! YOU NEED A CONTROLLER TO PLAY THIS GAME!This game is a steal at it's regular price of 14.99If you don't pick it up  on sale for 4.99 from the steam sale then you are insane!This game is amazingly fun. It is a bit similar to those old spaceship style shooters r-type etc formulaically however comparing it to those does it no justice.First off this game is Breathtaking, the graphics are beautiful. Combat is fun, you can duke and dodge and warp kind of and you have either a scattershot type gun, lasers, and a swrod (which seems to do the best damage boss wise etc) but your attacks that you have are situational and you have to choose the best course of action.The sword will destroy MOST incoming attacks, bullets etc being shot at youI guess you could classify this game as 2 D but the angles change, sometimes it is side scrolling, sometimes it is above you or over yoru shoulder, the directions of this change in combat fluidly.There is a storyline to this between levels, my only minor complaint is that the voices are in japanese with english subtitles.This game feels like playing an anime if that makes sense.I can't reccomend this game enough it is REALLY fun!"
,Recommended,283680,13923126,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Qviss,What is all this drama I can't concentrate on?Quit it!I'm dodging bullets here!You have a sister? Okay.That guy doesn't like being called bald.
,Recommended,283680,30760909,Posted: 26 March,all,Allice9,"Fun shmup, acceptable difficult (Except near the end where it spikes like hell)neat plot, cute character, amazing mecha design and VERY easy mechanicsit's good for beginners and people who want to get in the genre"
76561197960988751,Recommended,283680,22756306,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jarmustard,"With the inclusion of lockon abilities, melee that removes most types of incoming projectiles, and dashing - this game hardly feels like a traditional bullet-hell game.  You end up focusing not on individual bullets to avoid but the overal flow of the battle and the cooldown of your abilities.  It's incredibly smooth and fun to play.It also tries to make you feel like the anime hero with cutscenes seamlessly blended into the fighting.  It's quite cinematic... however the abundance of anime tropes are somewhat hard to swallow.All in all I enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,283680,19303949,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Astepianist,"I cannot recommend this enough for anyone who likes shmups in general and/or for those who want to see a twist in the genre. And the reasons for that are:1. Appealing to all kinds of players. You only have one life per continue, yeah, but you actually have a life bar with life regen. You can destroy purple and yellow bullets and also missiles. And even so, the game proves to be a challenge. Regarding the perspective switches, they are smooth here, you never feel like the game changing your perspective is something out of the blue.2. It has an understandable story. One may not be able to read all the dialogue throughout the game because of the intense firing, slashing and dodging, but if the dialogue between chapters and during parts that you can actually take a breath don't make it clear, the lore section that is unlocked once you beat the game certainly will.3. The soundtrack is very well made and it matches the theme of the game.4. The voice acting is great. I am a complete sucker for Japanese voice acting, and after knowing who voices who in Astebreed I must say I was very surprised. I didn't know a single name among the voice actors, and they pull off some performances that might be as good as the most popular Japanese VAs out there. Special mention goes to Hiro Sakurase, who voices the twin sisters Fiona Nono and Estina Nono.5. It simply looks dazzling. The animations, the stage backgrounds, all the mecha, the character designs... And the best part, you are treated to a gallery full of all those mecha models and character artwork / concept art once you beat the game!If I have to list the drawbacks of this game, it'd be one crash problem and two nitpicks that I don't mind, but some people might.1. This game is much better experienced if you have a controller to play it.2. It's less than an hour long for you to beat the game.The crash problem mentioned above is with the 5.1ch surround sound channel. The game might crash during certain parts if you are playing with that on, and there's a specific point in the Prologue where your game may crash because of that. The solution to that is skipping the prologue and switching it to 2.0 Stereo sound. You can then replay the prologue for the achievement and enjoy the rest of the game.This game went on sale at the time I wrote this. Even so, I don't regret buying it full price. If you enjoy the genre and can overlook the drawbacks, you should give Astebreed a try, And you certainly won't regret it."
,Recommended,283680,19753865,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Pistolaobr,"English (US)One of the best bullet hell shooters I've ever played, rich mechanics, nice 3d visuals, a rare thing in side scrollers shooters.PROS:- Nice graphics- Really good combat mechanics, you can shoot, shoot with dispersion, bomb, and cut with a hurge sword, each of them can cancel a enemy type of attack- Bosses are well made, with good stratefy- 2 types of mechaCONS:Small, only 6 stages :(Portugues (Brasil)Um dos melhores bullet hell que joguei, mecânica rica, gráficos excelentes em 3d, coisa rara em bullet hells, que geralmente são 2d.PROS:- Gráficos excelentes pro tipo de jogo- Jogabilidade muito boa, com riqueza de interatividade, pode cortar com espada, atirar, atirar com dispersão, e bombar a tela, e cada um consegue destruir até um tipo dos 3 níveis de ataques inimigos...- Boss são muito bem feitos, boa estratégia e jogabilidade- 2 tipos de mecha, que vai te fazer jogar o jogo pelo menos 6x, como cada mecha em cada dificuldade.CONTRAS:Pequeno, somente 6 fases :(Nota 7.5/10"
,Recommended,283680,10936595,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kyubox,"Bullet hells seem to be pretty hit and miss for me. That being said, this is quite frankly one of the best games of the genre I've ever played. The difficulty scaling is perfect, slowly advancing from ""this is pretty easy"" to ""Oh my god how am I not dead yet?"". The story was interesting too. You only get very small chunks but it's enough to work on in my opinion without bogging the game down.Gameplay is what you'd expect from this sort of thing. There are like, infinity enemies that you shoot on the way to the boss. Camera angles change dynamically to make things interesting (but in a logical, controlled manner so it's not like you're going to get killed while you can't see or anything) and the visuals are very pretty.This game seems like it's accessible to newbies to the bullet hell shooters but it's also challenging enough for veterans. For example, you have regenerating health and bombs. It means that you're not going to get a game over because you accidentally got shot 5 times in one stage but it certainly doesn't mean the game is easy. HP recovers slowly so it's less about ""don't get hit, ever"" and more about ""you are currently in the middle of a rain of bullets and you are probably going to die if you don't do something about it""There are several options for not dying, such as activating EX attacks (Similar to bombs from other games). You can even destroy certain projectiles, clearing part of the screen.Even if you don't like bullet hells I'd recommend this game, it's something even someone terrible at the genre as me enjoyed."
,Recommended,283680,10958503,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Setherzam,"Guys if you don't have it yet you should really, really get astebreed. It's a pretty fun and unique SHUMP that has a lot of neat mechanics. The regenerating shield and sword dashes along with EX attacks makes it a pretty fun and high energy game while still allowing for mistakes for new players. The sword dash escapes, ex attacks, and destroyable bullets makes the game much more organic in it's action flow compared to traditional SHUMPs like Raiden or Touhou. It's by far my best purchase this steam sale.Visuals are absolutly beautiful and the soundtrack is catchy. The only thing I can take points off of on this game is that the story dialogue tends to happen right in the middle of the most hectic part of the stages meaning you just end up ignoring it.9/10"
76561197975363295,Recommended,283680,10819845,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,2fab2lus,Zone of the Enders in a straight up bullet hell shooter.  The perspective changes are surprisingly smooth and add just that much more to the tempo.  Most fun I have ever had playing a shmup.
,Recommended,283680,10859461,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Yzned,"It's a dazzling gem among Indie games. It's quite a shame that there aren't many people who are aware of it, but it brings back the old retro arcade side-scroll shooter much akin to Raiden with updated graphics  and amazing gameplay. It certainly is addictive and with the the amount of achievements to attain (although they sound very difficult) almost entice you to replay it over and over."
,Recommended,283680,10862777,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zanzawolf,"Too bad it's such a short game cause the gameplay style for this shoot'em up is rather fun. Most shmps I've played in the past just leave you focused in one orientation: vertical, horizontal and occasionally straight ahead. This game just decides to make use of all of them, swapping from view style to view style on the fly.Story wise, it's just your standard mecha anime stuffs for the most part. Not bad but not really ground breaking either so it won't hinder you wanting to play the game.The mech you pilot makes uses of a collection of energy bits that you can lock on to multiple targets or to just bombard the hell out of just one. Along with that you have the standard lasers that have straight fire and spray mode unless you've focused all off said bits onto a target; they return after a few seconds or after the target's destruction. Last but not least you can't have a giant robot without a sword to slice up stuff.Last thing is the matter of super attacks that shmups tend to have. The more destruction to cause, the quicker the gauge refills for the attacks which vary between an energy field and a lock on based homing slash attack, carving through multiple targets ^_^Overall an entertaining lil' game for mecha fans and thoses looking for not so bullet hell-ish shmups."
76561198054167065,Recommended,283680,25703870,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Chewie,"This is what bullet-hel game should look like! really well made. Increadible good story into this and most of all, HARD! You have to react fast in other to dogde the dynamic in this game. All I have to say good luck because im stuck at stage 3. For those who like bullet spree hell games then this is maybne the best I have ever played! :)Well worthed the money"
76561198010773264,Recommended,283680,10891396,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jimson [SG],"The best original shmup on steam, as well as the best anime game on steam.Until ZUN corrects the shocking lack of Touhou on steam, this is as good as it gets."
,Recommended,283680,16527149,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,LunaTQ「液雨」,"A bullet hell game with both vertical / horizontal scrolling in it. Great for those who are new and want to delve into the shmup genre as gameplay is forgiving and easier than most. Reminiscent of RayStorm and  Zone of Enders.You are on a quest to save humanity. Fight as a robot with multitude of weapons: bullets, sword and lock on auto-shoot drones. All time fun, lots of replayability.Note: Use of a controller is strongly recommended for a more fluid gameplay."
76561198088863104,Recommended,283680,10927746,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,bigrich8604,True potential of what creativity really is.
,Recommended,283680,10310134,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,shimmm,Amazing hack & shoot em up. Great game if you're in a mood for some quick round of arcade style fun!
76561198109210531,Recommended,283680,10820052,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jp3g,"This game is exactly what I wanted in a mecha game. The high speed, intense action really satisfied me in ways that Zone of the Enders just couldn't. When I think of a mecha game I think fast paced, high action, amazing moves, and an awesome looking robot to annihilate enemies in. I did not think I would love this game as much as I do now. 10/10 would bang again."
,Recommended,283680,10548838,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,LordShade,"Astebreed is a shoot em up (shmup) from Developers Edelweiss, well known for selling their products at comiket (the largest conventions for doujin products in japan) These guys live, eat and sleep games development.Astebreed is a brilliant SHMUP that manages to improve the genre with brilliant mechanics and difficulty that keeps on dragging you back for a second attemptThe game manages to fluidly combine several different angles of fighting that it all feels natural, the game tends to spawn enemies behind you, to the side of you, maybe in the background, and all of them equally a threat. You can of course destroy all of them, with just four simple tools.Astebreed has 5 weapons to the players disposal, each can be used in various ways to destroy the attacking Filunes.First off is the Scatter shot, which fires bullets in a wide arc infront of the player designed to blanket the screen in a flurry of bullets, effective against largest filunes and tight clusters of fast moving enemiesThe second type of bullet is the focus shot, it fires a hail of bullets in a tight straight line directly in front of you, you lose a bit of maneuverability doing this, but the bullets as a whole pack a whole lot more punch. Great for doing some tight focused damage or obliterating a line of enemies travelling in one direction.The third attack is the Blade Attack, to put it simply you attack with the equipped blade, this cuts through most enemies with ease and also cuts bullets clean in half, find yourself in a tight situation with a hail of bullets incoming, simply cut your way right through them and keep on going. The blade attack also has an innate dash attack which can cut your way through large amounts of enemies in a straight line, but leaves you vulnerable at the end.The lucis system of your mech can also lockon to enemies in a straight line or 'neutral lockon' by holding the scatter shot or focus shot keys. This allows a hail of 'lucis particles' (not even sure what they're called) to chase enemies (even off screen!) and destroy them for you. You can also use the blade attack instead to do a deadly multi blade dash attack that will attack all locked on enemies on screen.Its important to note that even though you can cut through enemy bullet patterns, this game is by no means easy, its still just as difficult as this genre is famous for.The final attack and probably one of the most important is the Ex Attack, which charges relatively quickly and is your 'get out of jail free card' it activates the lucis shield system and makes you completely immune to all attacks for 3-4 seconds.  Great for smashing through seemingly undodgeable patterns.Enemies will generally fire four types of bullets, Energy balls which can be destroyed by your own mechs scatter or focus shot, yellow bullets which can only be cut, and the dreaded red beam bullets, which can't be cut or shot (these must be avoided at all costs!) Red beam bullets have poor tracking and homing. Movement is key. They're a few other types of shots, but most others are unique to certain types of enemies.Astebreed features a tutorial and 3 levels of difficulty with varying enemy patterns in each one, so you'll be able to have fun with each difficulty you attempt, knowing you'll get a different game each time!The game is relatively short and can be beaten in a single sitting (50minutes to 1hr) but features extremely high replayability in the form of difficult achievements and online leaderboards to aim for.Overall this game I highly recommend for those wanting to play a shmup that is both unique, different and challenging.My only complaint is the story is rather lacklustre (its not really explained very well) and features many bad anime sci-fi tropes. The backgrounds can get REALLY distracting. Theres a scene in chapter 3 where you have to destroy an entire enemy fleet. They're bullets, missiles from the ships, lasers, enemies flying everywhere, Its sometimes way too much to focus on.I give it a 8/10. Beautiful HD graphics and mechanics show this genre is not running out of ideas and will continue to live on."
,Recommended,283680,10414541,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Hidekee,Astebreed is a excellent mecha shooter! It's very dynamic and you can use sword or shoots to kill enemies. The story is good and the voices in japanese are really nice!
76561197975867854,Recommended,283680,10464450,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Zeeroh,"AMAZING shooter. not as hard as most bullet hell games, so anyone looking to get into this game will be able to pick it up fairly quickly. its much more forgiving in that aspect. graphics are great, and the plot feels like your playing thru an episode of your favorite mecha anime. its easy to over look this game but give it a chance. its a bit pricey at 20 dollars if you missed the sale but IMO its well worth it. you might want to look up Ether Vapor Remaster. its a game similar to this and much cheaper at 5 dollars if u wanna see what ur getting into. but it doesnt have the fantastic angle changes and as varied scenery and gameply that this game offers."
,Recommended,283680,10377048,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Insho,"As a shoot-em-up game, Astebreed's very forgiving for first timers, giving high leeway with shielding and little-to-no contact-damage. That said, Astebreed won't forgive you if you let your guard down, especially within the last half of the game (and without remorse on Hard).One of the most notable things about this game is how many enemies there are-- not so much in number of styles, but in sheer quantities. The number of cannon fodder enemies that appear starts out already high, and steadily rises as you progress. It might seem like a swarm of (at least early on) docile, non-colliding foes could be a breeze to handle, but when you need to aim or lock-on enough at the extremely hostile foes hiding amidst the clouds of mooks-- or especially if you choose to aim for a High Score and can't seem to keep up with their endless numbers-- you will find them just as much of a risk as the targets firing all their rockets from behind it all.I will be frank, this game is not for everyone. It's usual price combined with the duration of the storymode may rub some the wrong way. It best with a controller, and the story can be hard to follow--not for lack of cohesive plot, but for it's all Japanese audio leaving the translated text as the only means to follow along (and it's none too easy to read with 100 other things to focus on). Additionally, though I'm none too sure if it wasn't just a lag-based fluke, in one or two rare moments some of the dialogue text had issues with it's timing, transitioning too soon or slowly, or skipping a line entirely (though it is forgivable in that you can piece together whats missed via intuiton).That said, for those who do enjoy quick and frantic gameplay with a fair number of options in combating unending enemy hordes, who like beautifully rendered CG environments and some fairly enjoyable and fitting background musics, or just love SHMUPS in general, then this would be a must-have for the collection."
,Recommended,283680,10929282,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,crackingzdoiche,"This was just the game i was looking for.  ITs briliant, the way it shifts around from side scroller, 3rd person, and birds eye. on top of that this game is great fun. Have not had this much fun playing a game in years.  Great job making this one and hope you all make more like it."
,Recommended,283680,10896521,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Geoff,"It's good, extremely polished. By the same devs as EtherVapor and there are definite similarities (seamless perspective changes between side, top, and from-behind, lock on fire) but overall feels much better executed. Scoring system encourages a nice alternation pattern between ranged and melee, always keeping the player taking risks. Get it if you like shmupsNote that caveats of the shmup genre apply: don't go looking for story though; it's not terrible, just fairly typical, and it's fairly short--it's intended to be replayed rather than cleared once."
76561198045674161,Recommended,283680,10958839,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,WashyRose,"Astebreed doesn't disappoint. It's a great addition to the genre, with very little negative to say about it.The gameplay is fast paced, action packed, and chaotic. The game on normal isn't very difficult, the challenge comes from trying to get the highest score possible. Astebreed is a game that's made from the gameplay, and is one of my favorites in the genre.The story was a bit hard for me to enjoy, because I found myself hardly able to read the subtitles. That being said, if you're playing this for the story, you're doing it wrong. There's also a few drawn still shots which looked alright, and were a nice addition.The soundtrack is very fitting, and voices sound just like an anime would.On the negative side, the game is very short. There's plenty of replay value, but if you're the type of person to play the game once and be done with it, I wouldn't pay full price for it. You may only get about 2 hours of entertainment. Also to note, the game runs well, but it randomly crashed near the end, and I had to restart from the beginning.It's a great game, well worthy of it's current metacritic score. Buy it, so long as you're prepared for a very short campaign. If money is tight, you may want to consider something longer until it goes 75% off or so."
76561198011675604,Recommended,283680,10341242,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ShierB0ND007,"This game is pretty good shmup, don't get the story but it's really fun and challenging. Recommend using a controller of some kind."
76561198056347962,Recommended,283680,10382839,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Aniszbd,"Good game, great graphics, good gameplay and surprisingly, great story too. Reminded me of eihander in ps one era."
,Recommended,283680,10632892,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Disco Biscuits,"Its fun.  Plain and simple.  Even if you're not into the whole animooed out♥♥♥♥♥♥that is /everywhere/ in this game, you shouldn't let the exterior ruin it for you.  Astebreed has some actual depth to its gameplay, with many different ways to approach a situation, be it to sit back and use your guns, use the lock on bit system, or go in close with the giant sword, you get more than enough variety to use these attacks.The game also takes a nod from probably some of the best shmups, most noticeably Ikaruga and Radiant Silvergun.  Using the blade attack, you can destroy certain types of enemy fire, and absorb them to release your EX attack, which also changes based off of your playstyle.The story is pretty forgettable, its your standard robot anime plot, with crazy AIs and all.  Unless you're really into it, it probably won't be very important (you can get an achievement for skipping cutscenes, so if you hate it that much, there's a bonus to it I guess?).  tl;dr humanity fights overwhelming odds and bets it all on a super mega robot that has a rogue alien AI and stuff.  Pretty forgettable.Anyway, play this game for the game part, not the story.  It seriously is fun.  I wouldn't say its worth full price, but if its on sale, definitely pick it up.  Its a fun challenge, with some decent gameplay depth."
76561198099127593,Recommended,283680,10650734,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MegaJexe,"The game's Fun, fast pace, and amazing. It's must own to your steam library games. Get it now!!!"
,Recommended,283680,10891623,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,brennan_brow,Astebreed is just good old fashioned fun. No complex controls or hidden secrets just side scrolling greatness. The anime style story doesnt hurt either. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fun game without the over the top production of the giant game studios.
76561198061169711,Recommended,283680,18364324,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Yolashillinia,"I love this game so much, I don't even know why, and my friends are very sick of me talking about it, haha. Maybe it's because I don't play a lot of arcade shooters, or maybe it's because I love things that involve Japanese story-telling and voice acting.This game is an amazing, bright, sparkly, shooting-slicing-destroying fest that is not too hard for beginners like me (although I did have to beat it on Easy before I could beat it on Normal - Hard might be beyond me for a while yet). The controls aren't hard to learn, although I'm still improving on their use, and the view and targets are always changing, so it's never ever boring. It's very smooth even on my three year old laptop on max settings, although it runs a little hot after an hour or two. The voice acting is pretty good, and once the game is beaten there are all kinds of goodies to look at in the Gallery, like the art stills, the mecha models, and concept art. I also love the music to bits and have imported it from the game files to my iTunes so I can listen to it all the time. It's exciting, scintillating hyper dance music with solid tunes, and the final boss music makes everything 100x more badass and was honestly what kept me going when I tried and failed to beat the final boss so many times.Only a couple things that detract from my experience: it can sometimes be difficult to tell exactly where your own mecha is among all the movement and health bars and explosions on the screen, and the plot twists generally come when I'm trying not to die horribly and can't read the subtitles; there are still some sections that I haven't seen all the dialogue. Also, maybe it's just me, but sometimes the 'skip cutscene' button doesn't work right away. Lastly, although I think I understand the story and it works, it really feels like the final story arc in a much longer series, and like there could be a sequel, which makes me feel like there should be more game somewhere. But that one's a really minor thing, and could be interpreted as a good thing, if we eventually do get more game. Maybe?Another thing is I really like the achievements chosen for this game; it might be a little thing, but it keeps me coming back to play the game again and again, trying for something new every time. Or sometimes I just play a level to help me wake up in the morning; it really shakes out morning brain cobwebs. It's not very long - about 45 min without dying or cutscenes - but that doesn't bother me.tl;dr I love this game to a disturbing degree and highly recommend it if you have a controller."
,Recommended,283680,10570000,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jump n' Shoot Oni,"I've only started playing this game, but I'm pretty much in love with it. I've been wanting a 'proper' mech game for my computer for some time, and while there's good stuff like Front Mission Evolved and some typical shmups that do a good job, this game just hits everything. As a huge mecha fan, I'm in love with the fact that this game plays quite a lot like Zone of the Enders and I'm impressed that even the characters are interesting, it really feels like a real mecha anime. While I've only gotten a few stages in at the time, I can just say I'm super impressed. While there's no actual customization for the mech, the weapons and attacks the game already has for your machine makes it feel really awesome and you can feel like a total bad♥♥♥♥♥while fighting your way through all the enemies. Also, in a complete weeaboo way, I like the fact that the audio track is Japanese since it just feels like real mecha that way. Also, speaking of audio, the music in the game is really good and kept me really pumped all the way through.Hotblood/10."
,Recommended,283680,11161714,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Clammy,Pretty rad. Style out the wazoo.
,Recommended,283680,22826845,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Foggy Dreamer,"Astebreed is a decent shoot 'em up game where you use a variety of attacks - regular shots, homing shots, a short range blade attack and powerful finishing blows. Unlike most games, the perspective constantly changes, switching between a vertical, horizontal and frontal shooter.The cut scenes and dialogue feel like they are straight out of a mecha anime. However, the characters have a bad habit of chatting while you are in a middle of a battle. This makes it quite difficult to follow the story while staying alive.Overall, a great shmup for enthusiasts and casual players alike."
,Recommended,283680,16537994,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,✨Pokey Dokey✨,"I expected this game to be fun, but this game went over my expectations. The varity of attacks give the player multiple ways to strategize how to beat the chapters. The art just takes your breath away, with the beautiful scenery and mechs. You'll definitly enjoy it if you like to spam buttons."
,Recommended,283680,11343397,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,R.Sakai,"It's like someone got sick of waiting for Treasure to make a new game, and just went ahead and made a new game for them."
,Recommended,283680,10975729,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,OMG03CA,So much fun. I really enjoy this one.  But it seem hard to read the story because they are talking while you are fighting.
,Recommended,283680,11046078,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Aura,"An absolutely terriffic Shoot 'Em Up. Fun, fast and frantic gameplay kept me hooked until I 100%d the entire game."
,Recommended,283680,11017044,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,K1,Analbeads.
76561198001551768,Recommended,283680,10742992,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rockstar8577,Such a beautiful game for being an indie one
,Recommended,283680,10540355,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nova,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is a gem. I love it already even though it randomly crashed. Tight controls, responsive and the shifting camera angles keep it fresh feeling."
76561198024847908,Recommended,283680,10916669,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Maya Software Renderer,Losing track of your character in a hail of bullets has never been so much fun since Einhander. 10/10 would lose track again
,Recommended,283680,20614660,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,armouredpriest,"Quickie review:Really enjoyed this.Nice presentation.  Good control.I do wish it was easier to watch the story while playing, but its a shoot-em up, story is secondary.Worth it."
76561197993110243,Recommended,283680,22762444,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Zaalbar - 愛の戦士,"Awesome, stylish, super-robot themed shmup with some interesting mechanics and perspectives that serve to somewhat break typical shmup conventions and make the game fun even for newcomers to the genre."
,Recommended,283680,10305949,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,kalibgames22,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=265925895Astebreed is an old school shooter, the kind you've loved in arcades for decades!!! The most gorgeous art you'll see in the genre, A dynamic camera that deploys three distinct vantage points in a constant state of ebb and flow. Throughout the campaign, the perspective shifts seamlessly between horizontal, vertical, and over-the-shoulder angles that go a long way to craft a resplendent visual showcase. The voicework, while well acted, is delivered solely in Japanese, although your eyes will frequently be too preoccupied with bullets to bother reading text. The game checkpoints between and during levels, ensuring that players can tackle tricky sections until they figure it out. Your mech is equipped with several cannons that can dispense justice in a myriad of ways. The standard attacks include a concentrated stream of bullets and a spread shot, each of which can be charged up to deliver a homing attack that will help Eleminate enemies for a limited time, and give you some   manuvering room.  Dujinsoft studio Edelweiss accomplishes just about everything it sets out out to do with Astebreed. It's inventive, beautiful, and absorbing. The music is catchy and perfectly fitting. I have no major complaints, really. It's an endearing experience from start to finish, one that I look forward to enjoying again and again..."
,Not Recommended,283680,12375934,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Jussi_FIN,"I like shmups, not a huge fan but I have played a lot of Ikaruga, Radiant Silvergun and Ether Vapor long before it(them) was on Steam. Astabreed however feels strange.There are things I like and things I dont like. First comes the main menu and settings where you choose from 8 different resolutions but there are no 1680x1050, so I played 1600x900 windowed mode.Sword fighting is fun and looks awesome, it's so much better than on Radiant Silvergun. However at many times I got a feeling I'm not in control of the game and just button smashing. There are so much fast enemies in the background (where you cant shoot, but can lock-on) and on same level you are and can shoot, that you dont understand what is happening. In Ikaruga you saw the enemy and could move to position to shoot, but not in this game. Try to lock-on something, use sword for incoming bullets and button smash. I didnt like sudden changes on 2D to 3D. It wasnt cool and its hard to see distance, not that it matters since you just lock-on things in 3D. I think 2D is the best for shmups.Graphics are great and it feels good to play modern looking shmup. Story telling is funny and I have no idea what is the story, because it happens on radio conversations when I play. There really is no time to watch bottom of my screen where english subtitles are for japanese speaking. I literally lolled out loud when at some point cut scene showed anime clip and I had no idea what was happening. I dont think this is bad thing, it's just very funny to put story going same time when you are playing extremely fast game.Almost forgot the chapter select in main menu, so you dont have to start right at the beginning everytime.Final verdict: I cant deal with the fact I'm not in charge of the game, like I am on Ikaruga and Radiant Silvergun. This is not crap, but not excellent either. This review probably gets many down votes because of this, but I cannot recommend this game, 2/5. If you like button smashing and exploding enemies this is 4/5 for you.TL;DR:+Graphics+Sword+Chapter select+Funny story telling-I'm not on control of the game (button smashing)-Too fast enemies and I'm too slow-Too much happening at the same time-3D gameplay"
,Recommended,283680,12417290,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,deadlygambit2,"Perhaps one of the most beautiful, yet difficult Bullet hell games I have played in a LONG time. The soundtrack is great, the visuals are stunning, and the controls are very smooth! My only irk is the storyline, but most bullet hell games tend to lack in that department. The added edition of some hack and slash elements really adds to the game-play and makes you balance out your attacks!If you are looking for a bullet hell game with a kick and soem aspects of hack and slash games, this is totally for you! Just be prepared to get your butt kicked, even in easy mode!"
,Recommended,283680,13358563,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"Shoot em up that uses top down and side by side bullet hell shooting. Game has a very anime ish story that makes little to no sense with most usual tropes.Visually the game is great for a indie game, controls are fine but its very slow paced as far as shootem ups go, besides slashing and moving with your sword.Game offers alot of variety with customizing  challenges, which is a good thing since this game only has 6 levels to it."
,Recommended,283680,13401330,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Førstelyd,"Usually I don't play SHMUP, but this one is an exception. The graphic just... wow, full of details, and the system is not punishing for new player like me. The blade attack is a good addition asides from bullets attack. The story is a bit short, but it still an okay.I hope there will be Astebreed 2, because I want to see more Fio and Esto. Both of them are good breeds lol."
76561198076785801,Recommended,283680,11461133,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,RsdFnd,"PROS / CONS & RECOMMENDATIONPROS- cool SUPERB 3d graphic, music, and gameplay, GREAT for shmup- multiple option/way to destroy enemies. (blade/bullet/special etc)CONS & RECOMMENDATION- the 3d view sometimes looks too overdone! makes it harder to see the ships or bullets, which makes me recommend to please focus more on horizontal view- the level is too short, not worth of money for only 6 level, recommend to add more level.- too much pilot conversation during the gameplay, quite disturbing.- MAJOR CONS; adding level alone is meaningless and plain without UPGRADING SYSTEMS! (buy/upgrade weapons, arsenal, drone etc.)"
,Recommended,283680,11079438,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,♞ Red [EqtsInvcts],"The most stressful shoot 'em up I've played since Ikaruga in the best way possible.Mechanics are complex (continuing my Ikaruga analogy: instead of polarity, there's A LOT more things to keep track of and worry about, but there's also A LOT more ways to kick butt and win and look like a hardcore shmup player with little effort) but the learning curve isn't too steep, although mastery of the different abilities is key to a low-damage, perfect playthrough. I also appreciated the seamless transitions between chapters (that title card!), and how great the presentation was with regards to the scoring at the end of each chapter. In that respect, it had one of the most elegant UIs I've seen from a shmup.Visuals are top-notch for the shmup genre, accompanied by a great OST and solid Japanese voice acting (with subtitles), although the VA sampling is a little uneven at times, so be careful with the dialog at high volumes.Astebreed even comes with a shounen anime-y space opera story. (Campy to point, but appropriately so, and told quite tastefully.) Frankly, it's the most story I've seen out of this genre since the entirety of Touhou. Storytelling is succinct in that the cutscenes don't detract from the fact that this is a shmup.It is definitely challenging, which is why I opened stating it was my most stressful experience since Ikaruga (and what I've played of Touhou, I guess) but there's a Chapter select and as far as I know you're not limited to any continues, unless you're going for the achievements. The game is brief but due to the challenging nature of having low-damage runs and maximizing your score by mastering the mechanics, it's definitely up there in terms of replayability if you're a shmup fan. I might revisit this a lot more than I revisited Ikaruga, as much of a labor of love that was.Overall, I'd recommend Astebreed to everyone since I daresay it's one of the most modern evolutions of the shoot 'em up genre I've had the pleasure of playing."
,Recommended,283680,13183072,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Justice,i dont know if i played a shmup or a fighter or a hack'n'slash
,Recommended,283680,11396955,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,i love minecraft,WOW this game really knodcked my socks off!!! i liked that part in it!
,Recommended,283680,22739890,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,<✲*◥*23*◤*✲>,Smooth and Fin Funnel !reminds me a bit of Xenogears which is great! and the story is great! although...it's quite shortbut still ~ 10/10
,Recommended,283680,13801488,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,MeBbi,epic bullet hell mecha game.it's graphic and map design is very quality.And u have a loli !.Well every badass need a loli B) .Recommended for LoLicon.
,Recommended,283680,24901547,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Vortiene,"This game is hilariously hard. Once you get the mechanics of the game down, though (attacking yellow bullets to bring up your EX gauge, etc.) you'll feel like a god. It's very fun in that manner. I didn't feel compelled to get into the short story, but going for difficult feats like beating the last boss on hard is fun (if you're into figuring out optimal patterns for fighting a boss)TL;DR: The gameplay is amazing and well done, the story/cutscenes are worth skipping as they're essentially slideshows. Voice acting is pretty good though.The story itself is very hard to follow on a deeper scale as it's pretty hard to read what the characters are saying when you are trying to not get hit by the million bullets on screen. The art in the cutscenes is okay, but they're very barebones."
,Recommended,283680,16942010,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Timothyd4y,"Astebreed is a very satisfying bullet-hell 2D scroller in a 3D world. The sound design and graphics work together perfectly to really make the combat feel tight and very exciting. While the graphics aren't AAA incredible by 2015 standards, the style of it all more than makes up for it. The drama unfolds nicely, but becomes more and more difficult to follow as the level of danger increases in the later levels. The music keeps the energy up, and the voice over acting seems well performed. The game is short enough to make you want to get a higher score and go for more achievements."
,Recommended,283680,10997774,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Protos Ω,"The true successor to both Ikaruga and Zone of the Enders in game play. If the story were toned down a little bit, this game would have surpassed both of them."
,Recommended,283680,13180666,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,DINNYFORST,"""Another overlooked gem that put next step of shmup genre""Astebreed offers me a great moment of shmup action. Not just stunning visual, but the dynamic gameplay with the perspective shifts seamlessly between horizontal, vertical, and over-the-shoulder angles keep things interesting till the end of campaign.The dialogue and cutscene are well presented which unfold the conflict between humanity and alien race. Japanese voicework is also aced and keep its original taste.The gameplay is easy to learn and achieve and rely on how is the player use their available weapons which is important on higher difficult. Lock-on system and sword attack are well implemented and very enjoyable for screen destruction.Astebreed is what shoot-em-up game should be. I’m sure Doujinsoft studio Edelweiss put detail and their heart in this game even the extra section. And I guarantee that you won’t be disappointed for this experience."
,Recommended,283680,13159432,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Xeptimuz,"3D sidescrolling, slashing, shooting, next-level of Gradius game. It has really awesome mobile suit designs. When I played it for the first 1 minute, I was like ""WOAH!! THEY HAVE CHARACTERS VOICE TOO?!? GOD IT'S GONNA BE AWESOME GAME"". They even include nice cutscenes too. Although, it is short shooting game, but I really enjoy this game so much. Worth buying."
,Recommended,283680,11266249,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Bone Jack,Σ(Gundam*Neon Genesis Evangelioni)(Lolis+Plugsuits)______________________________________Crimson Dragon10/10
,Recommended,283680,10329049,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ChaosReigner,I don't know what's going on other than that I love me some shmups (and that I am terrible at shmups). But this one is quality.
76561198008373031,Recommended,283680,11978526,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Probotector®,"I did enjoy Astebreed a lot but I'm disappointed by the short campaign. 6 Chapters are not a lot to begin with and each stage isn't very long either. I'd have loved to traverse through more setpieces. Presentation-wise it's really well done, I especially love the shifts to various different gameplay views. The soundtrack is really nice to listen to as you plow through the enemies. The gameplay is good and the controls feel responsive with the exception of the Blade Slide (blade + directional input) that seems to have quite a delay. I've finished Astebreed on Normal Mode and I think the difficulty is just right: Not as punishing as most SHMUPs out there (Veterans should consider  going straight to Hard mode) but it will keep you on your toes.I can't recommend Astebreed for full-price, but it's a save buy when it's on sale."
76561198076712683,Recommended,283680,29082379,Posted: 7 January,all,majorface101,"I love bullet hell games, probably number 5 of my favorite kind of games. The sad part of it, is that you can't save. Because I would really like to finish the game, but I don't want to keep replaying the same levels over and over again. Then again, it is an arcade game so I can see why you can't save. I really enjoy this game for the looks and the mechs used in the game."
76561198046914151,Recommended,283680,10647462,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,🅰🆂🅲🅴🅽🅳🅴🅳,Chaos
,Recommended,283680,20772855,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,zakufa782,I like Nihon no robotto anime and twin Yuri.
,Recommended,283680,10571784,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Simbiat,"Seems like a nice bullet hell (one of a few I could enjoy), but... I'd prefer to have english vocie-over. Do not get me wrong: I actually prefer original voices whenever possible, but it's kinda difficult to read the subs during a bullet hell battle."
76561198112039504,Recommended,283680,17444140,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Hanuo,"English: Awesome game. I feel like playing a mix of hack n slash and shooter with a good dose of strategy, since the game isn't only about mashing one button, you need to know which type of attack suits the situation; and I can assure you this game offers a large variety of attacks for a shooter genre. Nice gameplay mechanics, easily responsive, and stunning graphics. The level design (how stages are projected) is just amazing, really, really amazing! The background and weather smoothly change as well as the camera and so on, in short: versatile. Music is also great. The story, characters and dialogues are a big plus too, especially the pretty entertaining dialogues. Totally recommended; also, no bugs, no weird stuff, you can play on controller, customizing the keys in game.Português: Ótimo jogo, parece uma mistura de hack n slash com shooter, com uma boa dose de estratégia, já que o jogo não se resume em apertar somente um botão: é necessário saber que tipo de ataque é melhor para cada situação; garanto que, para um shooter, esse jogo oferece uma boa variedade de ataques. Ótima mecânica de jogo, com uma resposta rápida aos comandos, e gráficos muito bonitos. O level design (como as fases são projetadas) é muito bom também! O fundo das fases e as condições climáticas mudam de maneira fluída, assm como a câmera e mais, resumindo: versátil. A trilha sonora é boa. A narrativa, os personagens e os diálogos dão um tempêro a mais também, principalmente os diálogos bem-humorados. Totalmente recomendado, não tem bugs, nada esquisito no jogo, dá pra jogar no controle, configurando os botões no jogo."
,Recommended,283680,17558696,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ManicMaiku,This game makes you not want to kiss your mom on the mouth anymore.
,Recommended,283680,11369294,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,jak151,"really good game, was not expecting a shoot em up style game but this one does it nicely with a storyline to boot."
,Recommended,283680,13824674,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TBS,"Best bullet hell I have played in years, good story line, fun bosses and epic music"
,Recommended,283680,13771714,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,KingSigy,"Shmups have never enjoyed the same success in the West as over in Japan. I suppose the need to be efficient, deadly and flawless just doesn't sit well with western gamers. Astebreed does it's best to rectify that with a few key changes to the shmup format that make it a lot more accesible.Don't take accessibility as meaning the game is easy. If you cannot learn to adapt, the last boss will destroy you (FINALLY! A game where the last boss is the hardest thing in the game). Instead of just throwing endless enemies at you and expecting you to figure it out, the game features a rather in-depth tutorial mode.Astebreed also has regenerating health. While that may seem pointless, it works wonders for getting out of tough situations. There are also specific enemy shots that one can only dodge with good, old fashion reflexes. Astebreed gives the player some different projectiles and a sword; this sword can dodge any attack that is yellow.When you encounter a red shot, you have to dodge. There is more than one way to accomplish said dodge, but you still need to get out of the way. You cannot simply spam your way through this game (I tried in a few spots, so I know!). For as much as can happen at one moment on screen, the game still feels entirely in your control.There is also a pretty interesting story, even if it's a bit short. The game can be finished within a few hours, but the cool anime style and constant dialogue make the journey worth it. Once the campaign is over, you get harder difficulties, different ships and the ability to check out a gallery full of artwork and 3D models.For the casual gamer, just skip this. Astebreed could be a jumping off point into Shmups for you, but it doesn't possess a huge amount of content. For anyone else interested, buy the game. It's well worth the price.8/10"
,Recommended,283680,13792593,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,pepa,Very good and innovative game! If you like shmups this is a must!
,Recommended,283680,13804485,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,A certain magical birb,"Not bad.A really short game if you're in for the story only.Cliche story progression as well.Gameplay wise it is rather interesting and sometimes complicated.Multitasking is required as you sometimes have to lock-on, shoot, melee attack and dodge enemy bullets at the same time.Artwork is 8.5/108/10 would recommend for a short game."
,Recommended,283680,15016797,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Uzumaki Naruto,game very hard on the end boss  = = but fun for fight and kill enemyi like ittake score 9.0/10 !*character is so cute ! asto & fio =w= i love youuuuuu ♥ =...=
76561198031489637,Recommended,283680,15816642,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,YODA'sDream,Holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,283680,15834794,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,tarrant,"nice game, but still too many running problem right now"
,Recommended,283680,15966929,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ggg0880,"Bad1. It's hard to understand detailed story : U will see half of story when u destroy ur enemies.(U can't concentrate the story, because u should focus  the enemies)2. control setting : This game show u game pad key setting, even if  u use keyboard.3. My English skillGood: Except bad things. EX) tutorial, prologue, sounds, 3 attack types, story and others.Recommend to who loves japanese game or animation.Recommend to who loves  shoot-'em-ups."
76561197978003571,Recommended,283680,32610823,Posted: 20 June,all,moonguard,it rocked
,Recommended,283680,12505904,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Bel,"7/10Astabreed is a Hybrid side-shooter, with nice flashy graphics, and easy to use controls, but a somewhat clunky menu interface. The first couple of levels lack anything too dangerous, which is great because it gives a player time to test/get accustomed to the controls, and if you got kids they can usually get through the first 2 or 3 stages and have alot of fun before the harder stuff smashes them.Pros:- Full of colors and lights, very appealing graphically.- Plays like a classic but alternates between views, which helps to keep things interesting.Cons:- Menu interface can be a bit unclear (Possible it was translated?) when first using and is a little clunky.- Controller support is only partial. Having to click through menus with arrow keys and enter, then pick your controller back up is a pain.- Unless you've gotten used to the controls and perhaps even if you have, the game difficulty curves sharply after the first couple of levels. Mostly this is not a bad thing, but on a first playthrough when you go from being able to spam butttons or play around, to getting stuck in middle of multiple laser beams, that you have to flicker/boost through not to get hit/die,  can seem a bit nuts."
76561198083304970,Recommended,283680,14883189,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Geno,"As an absolutely surprise come forth a pure gem of a game.If you like mecha anime you will be absolutely entertained by this shoot'em up.I was waiting years for a game like this.It has mechs with a lot of details and superb design,great anime-like illustrations,frenetic shooting action: fighting and shooting is absolutely funa surprising complex storyline (check this post on community hub ""Plot please""http://steamcommunity.com/app/283680/discussions/0/604941528478730075/)replay value for higher difficulties and achievement.Wonderful...It will not disappoint you, get it on sale if you're not sure about, but get it."
,Recommended,283680,14953252,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Salthanath,"If I was to recommend any game to a fan of Bullet Hell games, or SHMUP' in general; my first choice would most definetly be Astebreed.There's something about this game that instantly clicks; and it does so many things right that there are very few flaws if any at all; and below I'm going to tell you everything there is to love about this game.1. The camera; initially it might feel a bit jarring seeing it pan and zoom at various intervals but the good thing about this is that it does so in a flawless and seamless manner that it never really becomes an issue; there's the standard top/down view, a side-scrolling view and a rather well done third person view which alternate between set sections to really give a bigger impact instead of sticking with just one camera view. It's this concept that makes Astebreed unique and gives it that kick to make it stand out.2. The graphics; Graphic wise, most Bullet Hell games tend to stick with the 2D format, pixels on a moving, otherwise repeated background yet that isn't the case here. The graphics are some of the best I've seen from an indie game; they're smooth, clean and incredibly crisp and despite all the madness that goes on screen, it doesn't deter you away at all; you can always see where your ship is, and most importantly the backgrounds are eye-dazzling; each one changing from the next although it implements heavy sci-fi elements AKA flying robots of various sizes there's always a new design for each enemy you come across be it big or small although certain enemies are more visually appealing than the rest each of them has something unique to them.3. The Story: This is, something of a hit and miss but what this game does is actually make a damn good attempt at actually telling a story amidst the carnage. Essentially, you are a Rookie pilot sent on a mission to finally end a Galatic war between mankind, and the Filune; a race of alien creatures that; for reasons unknown is hellbent on wiping humans from extinction. I won't go into too much detail, but it's surprising how good the story is even if it's a little cliche. The characters interact with each-other constantly, giving advice or being a general nuisance and the voice acting to go with it is some of the best I've heard; despite the fact that it's in Japanese only. The only flaw to go with this though, is that you can't really pay attention to what the characters are saying, unless you know Japanese; if not you most likely won't have time to pay attention to the subtitles at the bottom left corner amidst all the shooting and dodging you'll be doing, this is just a very minor flaw though.4. The Music; ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic, is a good term for this. Granted, Bullet Hell games have always had catchy music; whilst not the most memorable Astebreed has a soundtrack that suits perfectly with each stage and boss encounter. There's always a set tone whether it's a more upbeat tone for the initial stage or something more desperate for the stage bosses; the most enjoyable one for me is the entirety of the stage 5 theme, which I personally believe would've suited the final boss better but that's just me.As of writing this review; I've put plenty of time into this game; despite what the hours say. If I ever want to keep myself occupied and entertained without really getting bored I'll boot up this game and waste a few hours blowing things up like a complete lunatic; and there's nothing wrong with that. This is the sort of game designed to keep you hooked for hours on end, whether you play it casually, or if you're like me prefer to beat all the high scores in the game and top the Leaderboards for bragging rights.If you've ever got the time, and the money to spare; give this game a try; you most certainly won't regret it."
,Recommended,283680,13110378,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,[SOUL],totally different than any other shoot'em upit's so intense i almost break my controller 10/10
76561198010110667,Recommended,283680,11013914,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Scare Ball,"The presentation is an absolute 10. It really gives you the feeling of a quality ""giant mech"" anime. However, though the voice acting is very good, it's exclusively in Japanese and most of the story is revealed during gameplay... while playing a SHMUP! It's nearly impossible to rest your eyes on the bottom left of the screen long enough to read the subtitles, thus I missed large portions of the story.This, combined with the controls being AAASSSSSS detracted significantly from this title. I still liked it, but probably not enough to play twice."
,Recommended,283680,13831483,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Cyb,"This game is incredibly fun! Like holy crap, the music, the visuals, the mechanics, they're all amazing and just come together to make an amazing game!Sadly it's rather short... but for what it is (A bullet-hell game) It's just the right length! While I wouldn't say ""BUY THIS NOW"" as the price might be a bit steep for a short game, it's definetly something you should check out when it's on sale. It's fun, fast paced, and has some amazing music. The ending also had me laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off."
,Recommended,283680,13723962,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Racealistic,"Beat the game. Replayed the prologue over and over (Best part of the game in my honest opinion).Stuff goes banana's on hard difficulty. Very short game but the story is great for what ever its worth. Wouldn't mind seeing this turned into a Anime or OVA series, great room for potential expansions. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,283680,17468979,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Red Saber,It's a bullet hell game that has a cool concept and short and sweet story. I just wish that it has more content and stages.
76561198030040875,Not Recommended,283680,11767780,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mariokata,"Buy only at 5 euro or lessi bought it when it came out. 16 euro. the game has it's moments but paying more tha 5 euro is too much. also the game is not aweswome as metacritic describes. bullets and enemies will come at you very fast during the later levels and you will find yourself using only the sword to win. In normal difficulty you can go up to level 5 boss just by using the sword  and without dying (there are 6 levels total). i rate it 05/10 and this comes from someone who is playing shmup's from the 80's till today.PROS:-nice music-cool mechs-nice graphics (models look descent)-change of paste (views) keep things interesting (but 90% of the time you will fight either vertical or horizontal)-no bugs or crashes. everything runs smooth.CONS:-button mashing-difficulty (only the last boss deserves your time). HARD is ok but still no much skill is required. only the last 2 bosses require some practise.-confusing gameplay (bullets and enemies will come at you very fast and you cant react. you can only use your melee attack). even if they hit you, you still have enough health (health is regenerating at normal difficulty) to beat the level.- story is hard to follow during gameplay-you can beat some bosses just by melee attacking them and ignore their attacks (level 5 boss, level 4 boss)-expesive at 15 euro (current steam price)-repeating environments(the backgrounds will repeat themselves or cover their limitations with tricks (level 2 breaks the monotony by letting you fight in space for only 30 seconds. prologue has the same background as level 5 etc..)SCORE: 05/10BUY ONLY AT DISCOUNT JUST TO TRY IT. I HOPE THE NEXT GAME WILL BE BETTER BECAUSE THE DEVELOPER (EDELWEISS) HAS TRUE POTTENTIAL BUT THEY NEED TO FIX SOME OF THEIR GAME MECHANICS."
76561197998851748,Recommended,283680,10958721,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,"Agro, Died, Etc.",Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this rad!
,Recommended,283680,19449408,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Yama,A beautiful and fun shmup that controls like a dream.Game is easy enough to be a good introduction to bullet hell shooters.
76561198332237885,Recommended,283680,28743736,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shinigami,Nice game
,Recommended,283680,13171803,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,K I L N K,"This game let me down. It promised a Star Fox type experience, but then it pulled the rug out from under me and was like ""Haha! It's just a bullet hell! Have fun dying on level 3 to a bunch of enemies!"" And that's exactly what happened.9/10, not enough Star Fox.(The joke is, I'm IGN)"
,Recommended,283680,25597594,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Twintail,last boss battle was epic...very fun game to play..10/10 recomended
,Recommended,283680,26587559,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,I'm not a weeb i'm not a weeb i promise i am not a weeb.
76561198000871671,Recommended,283680,13145518,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,PsychoHell76_BR,"Que jogo!!!!! Pra quem curte o estilo ""shutemup"" e anime é imperdível! Mecãnica muito bem bolada dos tiros de seu mecka e do escudo. Totalmente bulet hell o jogo! hahahahha Imperdível."
,Recommended,283680,12392646,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sam Hyde,Really fun game. I'd say it's worth the price. If you're interested at all pick it up on sale. Be sure to play the tutorial.It's more of a high score game rather than a challenge of beating it.
,Recommended,283680,14722668,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,MegaBadger24,Check Out The Video Below For Full Detail:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6P39IzeR_w
76561198030607194,Recommended,283680,20564870,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Master_Peace,Sooooooo FUnnnnnnnnnnnbut too hard at the late game
,Not Recommended,283680,21653811,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,R.I.P.,"Help~Why this game always crash?I already reinstall many times.Install this game for the first time the game runs smoothly, but when I want to play again was not able, always crash. T,T"
,Not Recommended,283680,19448681,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,hojusimpson81,"The game crashed when I changed the resolution. Bad start. I tried changing my controller configuration, and it locked up, forcing me to open the task manager, Strike two.After verifying the files (no issues), I reinstalled.Thankfully, my resolution settings saved, but I had to configure the controls again -- no problems this time. Playing around with the game, I found the controls weren't as precise as I'd prefer in a shmup, the visuals and style didn't appeal to me (you may like them), and worst of all, I was bored.There aren't many shmups on Steam, at least the last time I checked, but there are certainly better ones."
76561198136402423,Not Recommended,283680,13416091,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Shootemalf,"Really, I haven't enjoyed very much this game. Graphics are quite good, but gameplay is clearly under Ikaruga, Sine Mora, Alltynex Second or Jamestown that can be purchased here."
,Recommended,283680,26487416,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,silence,"Well worth the money, the last boss will test you."
,Recommended,283680,11530024,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,SORT YOURSELF OUT BUCKO,An unique bullet hell. 10/10
,Recommended,283680,11519848,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Ev1lSky,Godlike Game
,Recommended,283680,30000283,Posted: 17 February,all,GusDeCooL,not good but also not bad. if only i can rate 5/5. i recommend purchase this game only if you like 2D flight shooting game
,Recommended,283680,11748630,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Mount C,Fantastic Mecha gameplay with a variety of weapons and a variety of scrolling attack veiwpoints.
,Recommended,283680,32705344,Posted: 23 June,all,Mayolinko,"Fun game! If you love mech shoot'em up stuff, then go for it. The anime part of it is a tad cringy. But hey, for what it's worth, its not bad at all.Graphics: 8.5/10Game made in 2014, this is very well polished.Sound: 5/10(The 5.,1 surround has a huge bug where its just constant static...The stereo is fine, but sometimes you hear audio clipping as if someone is plugging in cables in a guitar)Controls: 7/10Simple to use on the xbox 360 controllers, and curious if I get a arcade stick for this, it should work?Story 6/10I bet its a great story, but this game has no English besides the subtitles itself, but the little I got to read, its not too bad.Music 7/10It's anime music, but there are some fun parts that really pump you up.Menu 4/10You can't set your audio stuff while pause on game, I wish they would implement that. The only way to get to those settings would be through the main menu.Price 9/10$4.94 on the summer steam sale? I can't complain here.I can find myself picking this game up at random times when im in the mood for a little mech pew pew feel in me."
76561198019692495,Recommended,283680,14565354,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lil Pasta Salad,i used my giant mecha's sword to parry an even larger mecha's punchthen two computer programs manifesting themselves as 14 year-old girls called me nii-chanits aight
76561198248714336,Recommended,283680,30657378,Posted: 21 March,all,lucky_charm888,"This game's pretty short, with only six chapters, but it's pretty sweet to play."
,Recommended,283680,18888740,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,keybearer,"Other than the lack of content, the soundtracks, gameplay, graphics, etc. are top notch for a SHMUP.Only won on easy because I suck."
76561197970370861,Recommended,283680,16483909,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Masterhummel,"It's pretty good for what it does. The story is so cheesy, i had to look away from the screen in some cut scenes (you can skip them, though). However, the gameplay is great.It lasts about two hours, but i feel like the game has a great re-playabillity. It's one of those games you will pick if you have to hit half an hour of time to kill and you're going trough your game list."
,Recommended,283680,13481327,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Thak,I was wishing for a pantsu peek at the end.
,Recommended,283680,19982407,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,coolRONz,"Pretty wild colorful fast paced shmup. Get ready for some mind bending ariel maneuvers. Either the story doesn't make much sense or the frantic action just keeps you too busy to follow what really going on. The PS3 style graphics are nice, especially considering most shmups on STEAM are awful, some may call it pixel graphics, but I think its just an excuse to sell you lazy ports. If you enjoy shmups and mechs at all, you owe it to yourself to pick this one up."
,Recommended,283680,13241887,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,"Far too short. It should be at least twice as long. Also, the controls are a bit rough at times. Remapping the buttons solves the 'not enough thumbs' problem, but there will still be some cases where you wish you were able to control the lock-on behavior more dynamically. The localization needs a little bit more polish, but if you don't speak Japanese you probably won't notice.Apart from that, this is a very good, very solid shmup with some interesting mechanics and a nice aesthetic. If you like shooters then you'll probably enjoy Astebreed, though $15 is a little high given that the game ends so soon."
,Recommended,283680,23402778,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,rlphtrcy,"Awesome game, this needs a part 2, highly recommended for anime bullet hell fans!!!"
,Recommended,283680,16669110,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Biastahl,"you ride inside your holographic sisters, take that as you will"
,Recommended,283680,11111654,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,gamehits,one word. ♥♥♥♥yeah! buy this game!
76561197981558705,Recommended,283680,10294019,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,☭Eden Code☭,It's a nicely done short surprise.
76561198120181297,Not Recommended,283680,16493034,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,cumdrop420,"Gameplay is only about fifteen minutes. Final boss takes an hour and a half, and isn't even that satisfying when you finally kill it, because it's only possible with some cheesy tactics. Dialogue is awkward and scattered, and combat seems untested and clunky."
76561197972523043,Not Recommended,283680,11684217,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Prince Silvermane,"3/10, A SHMUP made to appeal to mainstream audiances, stripped of all of the normal difficulty found in the genre with a cliche story and gameplay that doesn't have a lot of lasting appeal.GOODThe game has quite beautiful graphics and an artstyle that makes it standout.  Effects and bullets are flashy enough without detracting from the gameplay.  Which is good since so many SHMUPs these days tend to forget this distinction.  The weapons all look nice, but in gameplay don't tend to be very interesting.  Bullets of two spreads, lockon of two varieties, and finally a sword.  Scoring in the game is building up multipliers while not getting hit with the bullet weapons then 'cashing out' the multiplier using the sword on high value targets or a cluster of enemies.BADIt's easy.  RIDICULOUSLY EASY.  I didn't die a single time up until the final boss.  I can't say I'm a fan of the health bar nor its regenerating nature.  If bullets were more of a threat perhaps but your mech is able to tank bullets on top of being a very small target.  There's no interesting bullet patterns that make you think of how you want to avoid them, it's either slashing yellow bullets with your sword and spamming your EX-attack which acts like a bomb (Which also grants you a shield against bullets for a few seconds), or moving back and forth slightly to avoid the predictable bullets.  With all this in mind there isn't much to improve on in multiple playthroughs.  The game is also pretty short even for a SHMUP.  A higher difficulty option is unlockable, but doesn't seem to change much aside from preventing full regeneration after a hit and slightly tougher enemies.Finally... the Story.  Not only is it terribly cliche, but I feel that it actually detracts from the gameplay.  SHMUPs are not a good medium for telling a story and here's why.  The adrenline is pumping after you beat a boss then you get interupted by a long cutscene.  It's not good design to do this in this genre because you're meant to beat the game in one action filled sitting.  It's not as action filled if half of the time is spent in dialog and cutscenes.  If they were shorter or skippable (Which also detracts from replayability) it would be less of an issue.  This all wouldn't be quite so much of a problem if the story was actually any good.  Power of friendship, magic mechs with the ability to fight the previously invincible enemy forces, corruption and betrayal.  It's a laundry list of anime cliches."
,Not Recommended,283680,17657461,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,mendou.sama,"This isn't a bullet hell shooter, it's a game which wants to be one. Instead of the slow, intense patterns of well telegraphed bullets the genre is famous for, Astebreed simply spams the screen with huge numbers of bullets and enemies. The patterns change so quickly and the enemies and bullets move so fast they're mostly impossible to avoid. To compensate, the game give you a huge shield which regenerates quickly, meaning that despite taking damage pretty much non stop, the game is actually very easy until the final boss.It looks nice enough, if very generic, but the music is utterly forgettable and the dialogue is incessant and literally never shuts up. The characters babble on about nonsense for the entire game, and of course, it's all in Japanese.Ikaruga is a bullet hell masterpiece, a game with such precise, intelligent, and logical design as to be something which despite being brutaly difficult can be mastered with practice. Astebreed by comparison, is just a mess of random, incoherrant design from people who just don't understand what makes a good shooter."
,Not Recommended,283680,16844360,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Akita_T,Do not even try to play this without a controller (which I don't have).
,Recommended,283680,13561280,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,lost diaper,breed my gay♥♥♥♥
76561198134323269,Not Recommended,283680,14539965,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Yowlin,Pro: Cool looking shooterCon: -Zero replayability=> The cost of this game is at least 3 times more than the gameplay.-The story wasn't interesting.
76561198095807693,Not Recommended,283680,15839324,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,wetterimage,"You need an Xbox Controller/D-Pad  connected to and configured for your PC in order to run this game properly.Making customization changes to things like Video Resolution; vsync, running applications in the background, will cause the game to immediately crash.Unfortunately, these kinds of bugs can be a real deal-breaker for gamers.[EDIT]:  I STAND CORRECTED. It is possible to run the game without a controller. Although it is VERY cumbersome, and I would not recommend playing without one.There is VERY limited button mapping on the application, so the standard 'W-A-S-D'  control configuration definitely cannot be done here.The other downside is that all the VO's are in Japanese; it can get confusing/distracting at times.All in all, I cannot assign this game a positive review; NOT because of it's quality, but because of the configuration issues in the application.If/when the configuration/customization issues are fixed, then yes, I'd gladly give it a positive review."
,Not Recommended,283680,16130927,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ME | Flashburn,"Worst anime I've ever played.  But seriously.  This game made pretty much no sense plot and gameplay wise.  That last boss was really annoying on normal difficulty at least.  Why didn't they utilize the second stick of the Xbox controller so you could aim your area of homing attacks instead of having to fly into their line of fire to get a lock on them.  Why can't you turn around in that last fight when the final boss gets behind you?  You do that in another fight in the game, why not then?  Also, the game took me an hour and a half to beat on normal and I stopped half way through because I realized I was playing on easy mode and it was too easy and I also died a lot.  There are I think 6 chapters.  Not worth the money.  The plot also makes no sense unless there's a synopsis of something this was based off of that I missed."
,Not Recommended,283680,17690685,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,47Haven,"If you're in for the story, i suggest finding another game.It's only 6 chapter long, and it's painfully cliche. It's so cliche, even if you didn't read any of the conversation, you can still make out what's happening.The story itself has it's redeeming moment, but only a few. Very few. No backstory or anything, so you might as well forget about the characters.If you're in for the mecha danmaku gameplay, buy this one.The gameplay is really interesting. It's basically the best part of the game, and it's clear that the developer puts a lot more time in developing the gameplay. And the result is pretty satisfying. The need to alternate between attack and behaviour towards bullet is really fun and challenging to play with. So far i'm liking the gameplay, and would replay it again for some more.The graphics is top notch.Not much to comment on, but the mecha detail, the animation is fluid and smooth, and the enemies movement are beautiful to look at. The background is sometimes forgetable, but the background is also done beautifully.The sound isn't bad either.Soundtrack and voice acting is pretty well done. The BGM doesn't get boring, even after retrying the stage several time, and the variety between the stage's BGM is there, so it's a plus. The voice acting doesn't do much justice, but with the several lines there is, it's pretty good. You can feel the emotion in each lines, save for the few.Now you might be wondering why i didn't recommend this game.Simple.The story, which is almost practically guessable and non-existentandThe difficulty spike.I'm no stranger to this type of game, but this is almost unforgiveable. You're practically cruising from stage 1-5, and when the stage 5 boss final form came out, you can be guaranteed to retry at least a few times. It would be better if each stage bosses poses much more difficulty than that, so when the boss came out, you can at least expect it.And don't get me started on stage 6. Unlike several danmaku game, this game doesn't have the grazing system. Well it's technically there, but only a small bit. Therefore your hitbox is pretty big, making the boss i mentioned pretty hard.This might be me complaining because i can't beat it, but if you look at the youtube video, you can see the spikes.All in all, i wouldn't recommend this to anyone new to this genre, or who's into the story, but if you're into mecha and shooters, shoot ahead."
76561198026138231,Recommended,283680,11737271,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,robert.blane,"Simply put, there is no better shooter on ANY system that can or could ever compare to Astebreed for the pc.No comparison could be drawn to the last greatest benchmark for shooter: Ikaruga.Currently Astebreed is lightyears ahead of anything in the genre.Graphics, replayability and that special feeling you get when you leave the game.This is shooting heaven forever.Take my recommendation to heart, I have played them all, from Space Invaders, Defender, Stargate, R-Type, Last Resort, Lords  of Thunder and shooters on just about every system ever produced.Astebreed is an evolution of the shooting game and easily maneuvers ahead of all it's peers."
76561198056106029,Recommended,283680,13718535,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,tsunami0ne,The only indie shooter that is actually worth playing.
76561198091740220,Recommended,283680,13945202,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,★ Yukari,"A short, on the rails shooter type game with some bullet hell....bullets. Short, sweet and simple, its a good game but not for its price."
76561198002124849,Recommended,283680,16347293,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fou-Lu,"Half Psyvariar, half Radiant Silvergun."
,Recommended,283680,21060148,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ÆpEEK!,"The game is good however on my end I experienced some random fatal crashes and earraping audio, overall it's a fantastic game tho"
,Recommended,283680,20206814,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Apheon,SHORTER THAN MY PATHETIC LITTLE DING DONG
,Recommended,283680,14093356,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,"1 hour for Main story completion on 1 playthrough on Easy mode. Since there is no difference between any difficulty levels the only thing that will increase it is if you die a lot. (I NEARLY finished the game in normal and was already at the final boss but cant beat it....)9/10 if you like bullet hell games if not this is 6/10 as a normal game. Graphics are top notch(Best i have seen for this genre) controls are responsive, no Graphic issues at all. As a bullet hell game the only thing that i would not rate is perfect is its controller requirement. Due to achievements i had to replay the game.Needs improvement on keyboard mouse support. Some achievement bugs not as BAD as Deus Ex for the RARE ones.Rare achievemnt Hunter: Got the rarest among all my games with the ""By Force"" which is only gotten by 0.4%."
,Recommended,283680,10291707,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Izuki Sha,Not as close as Zone of Enders series but it sure pack a punch if you love mecha anime style story.10/10
,Not Recommended,283680,28922845,Posted: 1 January,all,tunde.ayoko,"rubbish game; I cant even get it to run properly - if it's not crashing, then its not recognising my xbox 360 controller - actually it does...sometimes. My worst purchase on Steam"
,Not Recommended,283680,17690911,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,edenxiii,Game crashed 6 times over the course of my total playtime. I can't evaluate content when it doesn't work to begin with.
,Not Recommended,283680,19000328,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,feralknights,"So I got turned on to this because I was told there were girls and giant robots being awesome, then I managed to finally get through the prologue without crashing by skipping the prologue and then they shoved some stupid♥♥♥♥♥Amuro expy down my throat and tried to make me give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about him when the main character should be the girl who actually makes the robot run, but then put her in the ♥♥♥♥♥ seat.Crashiest, buggiest game I've ever played.  I say this as someone that plays a ♥♥♥♥♥on of Bethesda games."
,Recommended,283680,13112962,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,mikolajholowko,"Bullet hell, can't see trough anourmus amount of flashes on the screen, but it's awesome!"
76561198065287920,Recommended,283680,24382838,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,dsagent,You shoot things while anime characters scream nonsense in the background.
,Not Recommended,283680,34365952,Posted: 19 August,all,Mortal_Indeed,"The whole game game is cool and fun, I recommand it untill the final boss.The final boss is just fxxking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,283680,20356510,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,OSad,"It's really short, as expected of a shmup, but exceptionally easy right until the very end, where the difficulty curve rises dramatically.It can be pretty to look at, but there's not much else to it. TooMuchAnime/10."
76561198197594203,Recommended,283680,24296096,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AzazelWings10,very wow
76561198061815441,Recommended,283680,17756961,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,crazycupmuffin,"Perfect game if you love shoot em ups or bullet hell games. Easy for all to play, tough to master on the harder difficulties for people like me. :)Gameplay is a solid 8Visuals a 9Here is some gameplay from my Indie Youtube Channel 'Mikee Loves Indie' come check me out!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drrljR0MvqA"
,Not Recommended,283680,19026585,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,poki,"well, Im not really good with this type of gamebut I would say that this was a good game to playI like the story so farbut I dont really like whenever I press esc it quit -.- and they should make it saveable since everytime you quit the game you must start over again from the beginningI wont recommend it for the full price but buy it if this game got a sale-------Controller really recommend---------------"
76561198002817765,Not Recommended,283680,13436904,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,{{jokerpsec}45,"I an never a fan of shoot em ups though it is enjoyable but too short. I played others that are longer than this. My gripe is the game lack content. The story could be also explained better and they need to make the subtitles better since they are out of sync with the dialogue or going away too fast for me to read. If story isn't what your here for, there is sadly only six levels to play through excluding the prolugue.To sum it up, in my opinion, this game lacks meat."
76561198021864258,Not Recommended,283680,10809123,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Volkarion,"This (otherwise) beautiful game is giving me a damned BUG: everytime I kill the third Boss, the game crashes freezing my PC. Am I the only one with this terrible problem? I don't know, but, however, GAMES SHOULD BE TESTED (not only with recent and overpowered machines) before publishing them! My OS is Windows XP, and it is included in the game requirements. If someone knows how to help me, and in particular if the developers correct this awful issue, I will be glad to change my review.I'm really disappointed: the game seemed very interesting, but for me is simply impossible to enjoy it."
,Recommended,283680,10291060,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,esstep,A卡玩好卡。。。手柄比较靠谱
76561198136454513,Recommended,283680,13128503,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dai Megas,"Start game, looks awesome, but literally no mouse and keyboard controls.0/1010/10 if i didnt need a controller.That being said, if you have a controller and love mecha, then I'd definitely recommend."
,Not Recommended,283680,19861472,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tsukasa,"Ah yes, Astebreed.I managed to beat this game in under two hours.I'm not going to lie, I scumbagged it and refunded it.Why? Well, it's not that it was a bad game.However, there wasn't enough quantity of it.You see... if I could beat it in under two hours on the normal difficulty level, what's really telling me to go back?Hard mode?Nah... It's good for a one-play through and that's pretty much it, to be honest.It's a pretty good game, there's no doubt.It's pretty, too!But i'm not going to lie.This is a one-time playthrough buy.For that, I can't really recommend it.I suggest you grab something else to waste your time."
,Not Recommended,283680,14287596,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Koalzers,I should of looked at this more.not great at all.
,Not Recommended,283680,32510397,Posted: 17 June,all,xKernalSandersx,Not quite what I was expecting - the gameplay fell pretty short in the beginning of the game which made me not even want to continue exploring.
,Recommended,283680,21530700,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,Cool game.But controlling it using keyboard would be a nightmare
76561198024952218,Not Recommended,283680,13927763,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,samidare,Got to the final boss on my first try (without even going through the tutorial). And of course the hardest difficulty level isn't unlocked from the start. Garbage.
,Not Recommended,283680,12213687,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,rickylows2,i have such mix feeling about this game i dont if i like it or dislike it but anyone is intsered in this game by the trailer and screenshots then go ahead and play it im pretty sure youll find something i didnt
76561198048496241,Not Recommended,283680,32533278,Posted: 18 June,all,Tessara Vejgan,Not a very good game. Got stuck at ch. 5 boss final stage. Tried beating it several times but can't win. It seems to have some sort of story but its hard to follow the dialog while you're in a middle of a fight.
,Not Recommended,283680,13103853,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Played for an hour and got to the final level, died twice, normal difficulty. Could've finished it if I played for 15 more minutes but already made up my mind on it.The problem with this game is that as long as you mash your blade attack you are invincible to everything minus some red beams and these red cloudy energy sphere thingies that appear in the last level. Seeing as how your invincibility is also an attack, you just get up close to every boss and watch them die as you shoot beams and slice them to death. Invincibility with no cool-down would normally be an issue if the game didn't HAVE to be like that. It's a bullet-hell game, and without such a mechanic you'd die automatically, or the game would have some actual difficulty that would put off the majority of gamers.This game outright fails to provide the challenge that the majority of SHMUPs do. Games in this category aren't about attacking; typically you just don't take your finger off the damn attack button. It's about dodging attacks and learning boss attack patterns so you can dodge accordingly. I get that it doesn't appeal to most people due to the difficulty, and changing expected mechanics in a genre is great if it leads to something good. But this game does a 180 and gives you a machine with regenerating health that can TANK damage and has from the very beginning what might as well be permanent invincibility. Why a game that ALMOST can be said to play itself gets 90's from reviewers can only be surmised as the 'indie dev' syndrome. It's a good game because an indie dev made it and man ♥♥♥♥ those big corporations!The game also has issues with plot. Or rather, the difficulty in keeping up with it. You see, the game has Japanese voices, which is great. I love it when I get dual audio, except that this game only has Japanese VA's. Which I'm totally fine with as long as there are subtitles, and there are. The problem is that when♥♥♥♥♥♥is lighting your screen on fire you don't have the luxury of looking at the subtitles on your bottom left. So you have to make a decision: look at the subtitles and conversations or play the game. English voices would've resolved this, but seeing as how this is a small studio they probably couldn't afford it or, if they did get English VAs, I'd be complaining about how bad they are. It's a tough situation for the developer, but a negative is still a negative no matter the reason, and I'm merely pointing it out.I just muted the voices and gave up on the plot when I found myself constantly switching from focusing on the bottom left and then the action on-screen. That wasn't gonna work out. Some text logs would've gone a long way with helping me actually know what the ♥♥♥♥ was going on and why there were two girls who felt like they were nearing nothing at allnothing at allnothing at ALL.I'm just gonna look at the image and guess what the plot was about. Hmm...let me see....Luke 'Mr. Bitc*es' Skywalker is busy trying to bed the two girls in Gimp suits but must first impress them by riding the new Honda Mech...with DISASTREOUS results! Honestly you'd think a large company like Honda could make something better than this.edit-the last boss was semi-difficult and it was so ♥♥♥♥ing sad because if only the rest of the damn game was like that."
,Not Recommended,283680,24658572,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Aug,Gameplay was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198351611747,Not Recommended,283680,33972460,Posted: 2 August,all,Q.PLAYS,"This game is so buggy it crashed my windows and forced me to reinstall windows !! when you press "" exit "" from the menu, it doesnt exit... and shows a black screen and the only thing you can do is turn off your pc... then when you come back to windows, its random... a big bug or not, to reinstall windows or not, lotery !"
76561198043574264,Not Recommended,283680,26498385,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,A Bag of Fritos,The absolute WORST game i've ever played. Indie games keep getting worse and worse
76561198085926417,Not Recommended,283680,10992799,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Coleco_84,"Confusing gameplay, stupid story, no replay value, dont wast you money, buy Crimzon Clover or Ikaruga instead."
,Not Recommended,283680,10291193,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kula Diamond,"This game is not worth it at all. I think that many flash game is better than this. all of the attacks are laggy, and basically you can only press zxc to win most of the time because you can destory 90% of the incoming bullet with your attacks. There aren't too much skills involved in this game, just think this game as an episode of anime or a movie or something.The music and the arts are good though, but I still do not recommend it."
,Recommended,283680,11101531,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Rockman1974,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HkzcjDhJsU
,Recommended,283680,17038506,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Nep_Jr,"Amazing Game. Astebreed is horizontal 2-D shooter. You pilot a Mech with two means of attack, guns and a sword. your guns will work as any traditional scrolling shooter. There is a spread shot and a focus shot. Both have the ability to lock on to enemies. The sword can be used to slash enemies or destroy some enemy bullets.The Gameplay in this game is fantastic. There are wide wide variety of enemies that that have many different attack patterns. On Easy you can just shot and slash mindlessly through the game with little problems. But on the harder difficulties, You will have to fully utilize all of your various attacks to make your way through.This also has some really good graphics. All the environments in this game are very unique. There is a lot of attention to detail in the background. The shooting effect also look nice. The music in this game is good, nothing very special, but not bad.The only downsides are that this is a short game that is also very easy to beat. I would have been nice if they added a even harder difficulty mode. It also would have been nice if this game had more content, such as time attack or boss rush.9/10"
,Recommended,283680,17150439,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,MoonLiteWolf,I love it.
,Recommended,283680,17111303,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,TheLegendOfW,A great mech bullet hell game that will keep you at the edge with it's challenges. The lore is pretty interesting even though I would of liked to have seen it animated instead of reading about it. Astebreed is a very polished game you should definetly try out for yourself if are into fast paced action.
76561197987083150,Recommended,283680,17074511,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ChibiNyan,"Everytime I play this game, there is one thing that crosses my mind : ""OMG, I feel like I'm piloting the Freedom during the Jachin Due battle.""So worth every cent I spent on this game."
,Recommended,283680,19510868,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SAMURAI,"game is great, dialog is eh but game is good to relax"
,Recommended,283680,13485981,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,chaos_isnt_here,"I loved this game waaaay too much. Giant mechs, bullet hell, kickass level goodness. The game is short, but the extra content and solid gameplay make it fully worth a purchase."
76561198081672446,Recommended,283680,13517269,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BakaMew,Fun SHMUP with great visuals and voice overs.
76561198084209916,Recommended,283680,13426249,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,di3guiito,"One of the best shoot 'em up I've played.Buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,283680,13792739,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Perogi Palooka,This game's final boss is what made me realize that I am worse than a casual gamer.
76561198009067077,Recommended,283680,13770309,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GRANIT Salvo,"A very good casual SHUMP.   The graphics are great, the configuration options highlight what I love about Japanese games;  missing a few key resolutions, but up to 4k scale, full button rebinding, and an audio config menu that puts US games to shame.  All localized to English.I said casual, because it is trying to be more cinematic and therefore more forgiving since the focus is moved more away from bullethell and more towards the storyline that they seem to have put a good effort into.  It's a SHUMP for couch play and those that are just getting into the genre.Good music (nothing really memorable,though), manga cutscenes that can be skipped [a bit cheesy for me], and good subtitled voiceacting make this an enjoyable sunday afternoon.$14 is a great price, and on sale, it is a steal."
76561198077335279,Recommended,283680,13705696,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MarSin,aWESOME.
76561198037066574,Recommended,283680,13717908,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PICKLE RIIIIIIIIIICK,"This is a great game, I love the look and feel of it. Pretty short but different difficulty settings are there for a reason :)"
76561198089928182,Recommended,283680,13587977,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Pioneer,This game is a beast bullet hell and it has alot of plotYes/10
76561198044416673,Recommended,283680,13604176,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Damon,"Goddamn this is good, fast-paced, shoot-em-up fun that is heart poundingly intense.And it looks pretty nice too."
,Recommended,283680,13821605,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,tettsui77,"Ohhhhh man.  As a kid who grew up in the '80s and early '90s doing typical '80s-'90s kid sh*t, I obviously love a) shooting games, and b) mother. f*cking. mechas.I happen to also be a huge ""shmup"" / ""bullet hell"" fan, so this is more up my alley than you can possibly imagine.  If you even THINK this game might be something you'd like... it probably is!I have only beat the first few missions thus far, but this game is just so completely brilliant in every way it deserved the review!"
,Recommended,283680,13865381,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Ainz Ooal Gown,Astebreed is great for a mecha-genre game. This game reminds me with Omega Boost back in the Playstation 1st-gen era.Pro :Good Storyline.Great Seiyuu/Voice Actor.Remarkable Art.Amazing Soundtrack.Interactive playstyle like shooting-targeting-hack&slash mixed in one.Cons :No Upgrade System.Subtitle once in a while doesn't match with the voice.Static Menu.This game is recommended for mecha-lovers and the price is totally worth for what we get!
,Recommended,283680,14533659,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Slamsung999,"The best-looking and most fun SHMUP I've probably ever played. Tight controls, interesting attacks, engaging story, and incredible visuals. Not nearly as punishing as other SHMUP titles so it's a great intro to the genre for new players."
76561198047080546,Recommended,283680,14493845,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ChocoElBanana,"Really enjoying the game. Graphics may not be top notch but this game reminds me of the old arcade games I used to play. Really fun game. Kinda disappointed that there's no coop feature, would've been even better if it had one."
76561198019014373,Recommended,283680,16191585,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mokor,"Great game for those that enjoy bullet hells. Get it while it's on sale though, as you can beat it in around an hour or two, and $15 is a bit steep for such a short game. There's replayability if you want to go through different difficulty modes and get all the different achievements though, which will extend your playtime a bit."
,Recommended,283680,16537500,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,bacon and eggs,really fun
76561198042563683,Recommended,283680,16542653,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Demon,Slash your way to save earth BUT MOSTLY YOUR LOLI SISTERS HGGNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!! ASTERBREEEEEEED SLASSSSSH!!
,Recommended,283680,16330642,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ivewithin,VIDEOGAMES!
76561198160868511,Recommended,283680,16567627,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Strayed Lynx,Possibly the best shoot 'em up game ever made as of the date of this review
,Not Recommended,283680,16573631,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Larsque,Definetely not a game for those who can't handle a lot of periphery noise.
76561198113353718,Recommended,283680,16684814,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TEMPORAL173,First impressions are good!!Great japanese developer quality to this.   Looking forward to playing more!!
,Recommended,283680,16691673,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ammoth,"So I don't do reviews often, and I haven't played many bullet-hell style games, but this is a fantastic way to kill a couple hours and is definitely worth checking out. Astebreed is a bullet-hell style shooter that is driven by a deep and powerful backstory about loss, pain, love, and redemption.  Through the use of unique camera angles and beautiful art and animations, this game delivers a unique experience to the often rigid genre. Like I said, the game is  short (I can blow through the easy mode of this game in about 30-45 minutes. Normal mode took me a couple hours. Haven't tried hard yet), but the story makes it a great experience. There are definitely some feelsy moments here. My only complaint is that the story unfolds as the game is taking place. Since the voices are all in Japanese, it's kind of hard to read the subtitles, shoot enemies, and dodge bullets at the same time. ~Trying not to spoil anything, so yeah...~ This game also isn't just a mindless button mashing game. In order to use certain special moves, certain circumstances must be met, as well as each boss has it's own sort of unique style to being beaten. I definitely recommend this game. In my opinion, worth every penny."
,Recommended,283680,16663268,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,J.,"Astebreed has taught me that I'm awful at shmups. It's amazing, go buy it."
,Recommended,283680,16518272,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Just Take It Easy~⑨!,"I'm a gamer more used to 2D shoot em ups like Touhou or Ikaruga so getting used to this 3D type shooter took a while but all in all, worth it.Though note that gameplay is more of a timekiller and the game doesn;t really go on for that long.I am currently 1 hour in(offline mode) and nearly done with normal mode.Story is a bit confusing but from what I saw it's basically: Human race on its last legs.Evil mecha force destroying the humans.2 sisters become the OS to 2 mechas.You pilot one in a battle that will determine the fate of mankind with the power of love and a beast sword you swing aroung like crazy for easy wins....also...Esto is best girl."
76561198060351220,Recommended,283680,16502372,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ς๏ภςгเ๏ гย๒єɭ,"pro bullet hell player : "" ... ""  *silently finishes the game on hardest difficulty without taking damage""casual player : ""ok I know his pattern now i'm going to beat this boss""me : ""OMG I CANT SLASH THIS PROJECTILE WHAT DO"" *furiously mash the shoot and slash button*I wish this game had a longer story.But 11/10 robots and 11/10 girls"
76561198017888772,Recommended,283680,16636002,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,bozarbozar,"Pretty graphics, generally a fun game"
,Recommended,283680,14133544,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"I liked this game. As a mech enthusiast, it really tickled my fancy, and I got a few hours of playtime out of it. A few grievances I have with it.-little short-anime story is kind of annoying-slowdown on higher settings-not many choices of mechs, thoug that might be a story-related issueOther than that, this game is worth it."
,Recommended,283680,13539143,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ItCantBeHelped,"A decent shmup for those who just want to spend some time on something. Don't expect anything too hardcore though, the difficulty level is much softer compared to many of the games shmup fans are accustomed to."
,Recommended,283680,16860543,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,dedenne,"If Zone of the Enders 2 had an arcade game it would be this. A fantastic hybrid-SHMUP for both fans of the genre and newcomers alike, with fantastic visuals, intense gameplay and easy controls this game is one of the best on Steam."
,Recommended,283680,16478280,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Silent Phantasm,"How could I not recommend this game.  It's fast paced, the music is great, and the voice acting is in Japanese.Astebreed is a bullet-hell type game, but instead of having to dodge everything, you can cancel most of it out with a sword."
,Recommended,283680,16490641,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,nothingspringstomind,After 36 minutes i had to stop playing because i'm pretty sure it broke my thumbs.11/10
76561197971894686,Recommended,283680,16521466,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,squarejp,It's a pretty good SHUMP game.  However this game suffers from audio glitches when using 5.1 surround sound with constant crash...  Please fix ASAP.  Also could you add the PS4 enhancement as well?  Much appreciated!
,Recommended,283680,16526616,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lufores,"Worth. It. Don't even decide if it's good or not. Just play it. It's story rich and isn't something you'd come across for everyday. This is literally a gem right here. No, don't even continue reading this. Scroll back up and buy the game. Midway you can cry, no one will even judge you. It's just that good for a short story. I wish it was longer though, like, dude;IT JUST CAN'T END LIKE THAT IT NEEDS MORE!!No, it's enough. Get it. Just do it.Trust me."
,Recommended,283680,16531437,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Youko Akira,"Pros:+ beautiful animation and anime/visual novel cutscenes+ story+ mecha and anime - rare in games on PC probablyCons:- short- you cannot save,  if you dont beat the game, you will have to restart all againI did enjoy this game a lot, I love mecha, I like anime and this game is finally taking mecha genre in games seriously. However I was raging sometimes when I had to quit for several reasons when playing and then replay the whole game. It is kind of time consuming (well every game is actually, but I just wished to continue with story and play for few mins as I am a busy person)."
,Recommended,283680,16452722,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RAINMAKER,"Fun perspective shifiting shmup, good music, good graphics, and a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,283680,11381873,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ThrillLizard,"In the history of mech games (at least in the U.S.A) have been usually terrible. Mechwarrior(GC) is an example of a good mech game fun and challenging in its own right. Astebreed throws it's hat into the ring and is ambitous if anything. The developers of Astebreed favor the eastern style of mech combat much like Gundam and Eureka 7 type where you move fast in the air obliterating everything in your sight. You will feel like a king on a keyboard killing millions every mission you play.  Story takes a backseat to the action clearly, there are datalogs for the plot if you're that curious but it doesn't help nor hurt you gaming experince. The overall spoiler free summary is ""Climb into the pilot's seat of an otherworldly war machine and take down a genocidal alien race bent on eradicating humanity to preserve their own civilization."" Thats it. Another thing I should mention is that all dialog is in Japanese but can be skipped at anytime. For those you cringe at a language unfamiliar to your own spoken native tongue you can play with the audio options to mute it. I for one had no issues.In conclusion, stunning to look at, slick and fluid to play as well as being a satisfying -- but never insurmountable -- challenge, Astebreed is a top-quality game that everyone with even a passing interest in mech games should have in their collection"
76561198035505048,Recommended,283680,11413661,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Vapiz,I like it.
76561197962039356,Recommended,283680,11456728,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Kdash_,Bullet hell bliss.
76561197961879812,Recommended,283680,11445617,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,greatgregx,best money i ever spent beat it in one sitting
,Recommended,283680,11446386,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,MALGORA,AWESOME! NUFF SAID!
76561197963509668,Recommended,283680,11108430,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,RidgeRacer,Excelent game!I had to downgrade my monitor to 60Hz to play it but it's still great game.
,Recommended,283680,11354541,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Chancellor of Prussia,"10/10, like touhou but with guns."
76561198165884986,Recommended,283680,13193926,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ChronoX007,Nice really enjoyed but why can't they add 1366x768 resolution!!! seriously i hate seeing those black borders
,Recommended,283680,13203948,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ScBliZ,"Flashy, Fast Paced Anime Style Bullet Hell, Fairly short game but fun and lots of replay value! =D 8/10"
76561198078161820,Recommended,283680,15941502,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Deathspark,"This game is one of the best games I have ever played. If you are a serious shoot em up fan, this is a must have in your Library. This game is not insanely hard and at the same time, not too easy too. It's hard when it has to be and it's easy when it has to be. The final boss especially, it was terrifyingly hard and the moment you defeat it, it feels so good :) I would play this game anytime, anywhere. Just give me a controller and this game and I could spend all day shooting up everything. I wish there's a sequel to this game. I would buy it without thinking twice! :)"
,Recommended,283680,25502851,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Wilasauraus,"Super fun game, will definitely satisfy fans of high-action rail shooters. If you enjoy anime-based aesthetics and mechs, that'll be another plus.The story is nigh impossible to follow while playing the game, which is a bit of a shame because I found the characters likeable. If the game had a simpler plot, I think it would've complemented the gameplay quite well.The first few levels of the game make it very easy to pick up and play, as well as become acquainted with the controls. The later levels however will leave you mashing buttons like crazy trying to tackle everything at once - though after a few tries you'll figure out what to target first.Music and SFX are spot-on. Visually, this game is gorgeous.Overall, a great time despite not having a clue what was going on in the plot. I also got it on sale so I thought it was very worth it at the time."
,Recommended,283680,26315688,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,raven666wings,"The Filune are a mechanized ancient race from outer space. In the interest of pursing efficiency, they avoided organic tissue. Controlled by Diagra, an integrated AI, Filunes do not possess individual intelligence. They are able to produce individual units designed for a specific purpose and tuned to the environment they are invading. Reports of Filunes with insect-like properties or marine components have been spotted during the invasion of Earth. As the Filune's singular purpose is to preserve its civilization, they have devoted themselves to researching and developing Lucis, the reality alteration device to control the laws of physics from the inside of space.The Filune have made it their mission to eradicate all mankind and it's time for humans to fight back. As Roy Becket your mission is, with the help of a beastly bipedal machine and Fiona Nono, to stop them and save Estina Nono. The End of All Things is in sight. At the edge of eradication stands Astebreed.Astebreed is an action shoot'em'up game that is played from three different perspectives (horizontal, vertical and into the screen) that seamlessly change during stages, but you still control your mecha in two dimensions. You can move your mecha, fire with your Lucis (two types of regular shot: Scatter Shot and Focus Shot, each assigned to a different button), use Lock-On (hold a Shot button), attack with your Blade (Slash/Blade Combo and Blade Dash) and EX Attack (Spin/Dash/Wild EX Attack). Astebreed does not have auto fire, you need to keep pressing the Shot buttons to fire continuously.There's three difficulties to play on: Easy, Normal and Hard. Scoring works the same way regardless of difficulty. It revolves around a Tension meter located at the top right corner of the screen. It has a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 8 normally, but Shield Bonus doubles both the minimum and maximum values and doubles both Tension gain and loss. Getting hit removes Shield Bonus and some of your Tension.Developed by indie game maker Edelweiss and published by Active Gaming Media Inc., Astebreed was released for PC in 2014. Using lovingly crafted 3D models, cutting edge particle effects, and Japanese mecha designs, it delivers an unparalleled atmosphere of beautiful destruction."
,Recommended,283680,30893062,Posted: 1 April,all,DarkDove3,"TL;DR Bullet hell style game that looks great, plays well, and is a bit tough.Astebreed is a game that takes the ""easy to pick up, hard to master"" gameplay and uses it well. They keep you on your toes by throwing varying bullet patterns in your direction without many breaks. They provide you with tools to destroy bullets protecting yourself and healing your health bar overtime. However, slip up too many times and you'll be finished in no time. The game has a fantastic lockon system that allows you to focus damage on many enemies by sending ""Options"" out to attack the targets, or focus on one multiple times to send all of the options out to destroy a single target. The ability to reward yourself for good play by utilizing that same lockon system to create a dash attack that attacks the enemies destroying them in a flash of attacks is extremely satisfying.The game runs well on a variety of systems and have options for tuning to run well. The boss fights that these games often have are exciting and practicing for them make you hone your focus to a razer's edge. One of the flaws with the game is the story. Because the game is intense as it is, which is a good thing, the story attempts to talk over the excitement on screen. Which is frustrating, because you have to choose to either play well, or read the dialoge at the  bottom of the screen. Other than that, there aren't many issues with the game.Astebreed is a well made, premium game with a decent story, once you get to read it, well designed mechs, bullet patterns, and solid play."
,Recommended,283680,26097879,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,namphibian,I am enjoying this game even though the story is impossible to follow as it  happens during one of the 1000's of bullter hell encoutners in the game.I wish I had one of these in the arcade back in the 80's.
76561197985031101,Recommended,283680,27016956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bulletwithbatwings,This is a game for people who like having fun
76561198089597422,Recommended,283680,26717273,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,✪manaka,good game but the story is too short
76561198068113975,Recommended,283680,24344968,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ஜ۩Ruskyム۩ஜ,"Realy enjoyed this game , great fighting styles , arcade and modern combat"
,Recommended,283680,24600522,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Leo Cantus,"A masterpiece of mecha SHMUP.Explosions everywhere with japanese dialogues which is cool from my opinion.And aside of that, the graphics is soooo amazing."
,Recommended,283680,24189163,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,**FADM*Sollarii**,Such a neat game I wish there were more like it. Wish this game were a bit more complex with more moves and the ability to upgrade and change designs but hey I'll take what I can get. Keep up the good work fellas.
,Recommended,283680,18462253,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,fat nerd,Game made me have some weird feeling for a bullet hell game. 10/10 would have feeling again.
76561198021576757,Recommended,283680,18465409,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Petrasaurus-Rex,"If you have to dollars, you can totally spend it on this game."
76561198053184356,Recommended,283680,17654840,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Biff Buttoms,"I really can't figure out how to say the name of the title. I mean really, it's spelled A-S-T-E-B-R-E-E-D, how the ♥♥♥♥ are you supposed to say that♥♥♥♥♥♥A decent SHMUP, if a bit on the easy side."
76561198082134805,Recommended,283680,17816329,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,WaifusRpeople2,"Despite not being one for the anime, the story is interesting and unique and the presentation is exciting and colorful. But what makes this game great is the challange.This game. Will. Kick. Your.♥♥♥♥♥This is one of the few games that have truely challanged me, other than games like Dark Souls or Metal Gear Rising.I have never felt such victory from beating a final boss on hard, and i crave for a sequal."
76561198026282580,Recommended,283680,17882268,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ThatOnePhilGuy,"A shoot em up at its core. This game is absolutely gorgeous, fantastic systems that make it a unique entry into the genre. And its anime as hell! A worthy purchase for any anime/ mecha fan and shoot em up enthusiast alike.Quick video review.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCU6TBhTHHc"
,Recommended,283680,16659393,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bit Sean,"This is a recommendation, but a conditional one. Astebreed is a shmup/bullet-hell hybrid thing with a heavy dose of anime. I'm not as into anime as I once was, but it's not overpowering if you aren't a fan. Personally I wouldn't pay £11 for this but it's probably worth snapping up on sale if you're a fan of the genre.GOOD-Graphics are nice, complete with a ton of resolution options.The changing perspectives are pretty nifty and help to make the game feel more dynamic.Decently challenging and rarely frustrating.BAD-Very short. You could probably beat it in an hour without too much difficulty.  I didn't feel much motivation to replay it, but your milage may vary there.A big chunk of the story is delivered through Japanese voicovers with English subtitles during gameplay. In a bullet-hell, it's safe to say you won't pick up on most of it unless you make the effort to YouTube things afterwards."
,Recommended,283680,16677584,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BarubalzGaming™,"Definately a good game esp. for all mecha afficionados even though the story is short the graphics and the gameplay is it's redeeming factor. The only problem is the controls are a bit stiff and the story is very linear but again a must have for all players who appreciates bullet hell, and mecha--------------------------------------------------------Thy name is Barubalz™ deal with itBarubalz"
76561198049094331,Recommended,283680,17646571,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[FuG] Mr. Nobody,Do you dig giant robots and enjoy insane bullet hell games? Than this game is for you. I just got this game right now and I can already say I absoulutely love this game. The graphics are absoulutely amazing and the gameplay reminds me of Salamander and Hyper Duel (if anyone knows that game...). I really recommend this game to everyone who has or hasn't played a bulet hell game.
,Recommended,283680,17794807,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,AomiN,_
76561198082778525,Recommended,283680,17682607,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Vasteel,Very well made good game. It reminds of the Thunder Force days and few other 3D rendered shoot 'em ups back in the 90s-early 00s and nice little story to go with it like an jrpg or Visual Novel.  Would be great if it was much longer and added stages but its worth the money hows it very well made. Shoot 'em ups must be made like this in the coming future games for the current generations.
,Recommended,283680,17732210,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Rau Aznable,"Definitely one of my favorite games on Steam. I love it because it serves three purposes.First, it's a great shmup. You have three weapons, including a sword and ""bits"" that lock on enemy targets, surround them and shoot them. All your weapons can be used with a destructive EX attack, which replaces the bombs you usually see on other shmups. You also have a rechargeable shield. There are no power-ups to pick up, but that's a good thing here.Second, this game is perfect for fans of mecha anime. You control a mech yourself and will occasionally fight other mechs. All the characters in the game are voiced in Japanese. If you don't know the language, you'll need to read the subtitles while you play. The dialog is pretty anime-like.Third, this game is really bullet hell for beginners. You have a prologue mission that teaches you the basics and then you also have several tutorials that will teach you every single aspect of the special mech you'll be controlling and even how scoring works. I think the normal difficulty level is pretty easy, it only gets harder on the final stages. So, after you complete normal, you'll unlock the hard difficulty level and that's where you'll face a real challenge. Seriously, if you never played a bullet hell before, this should be your first."
76561198026450111,Recommended,283680,17743357,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,TalesOfNight,"AWESOME game! It was exactly what i thought it would be. Awesome scenary, awesome fights, awesome perspektives! I love it and i hope there will be more like it!"
,Recommended,283680,17951460,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,salxicha,"Wooooot!!!This is a good japanese bullet hell /shoot'em up action game with solid gameplay and good music.The scenery is pretty cool and keeps changing the way you keep fighting enemies and prevent you to cheese.If you like japanese mechs and action shooters, go for it."
76561198060963919,Recommended,283680,16321955,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Arcanotower,"A fun and interesting tactical bullet hell game, i went out to get a controller to play it because it is that fun."
,Recommended,283680,16317124,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Lana CtrlAltDel Rey,I love this gameHas:RobotsGunsSwordsLasersExplosionsIt's a ♥♥♥♥ing blast to play I recommend the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.
,Recommended,283680,16440279,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kzsa,Piloting Mecha and accompanied by loli 9.9/10
,Recommended,283680,14116752,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,"Sythe ""Monarch"" Darkess","This is a great game, hands down just throwing that out there. This game does not have much of a story but the story that it does have is intriguing, the gameplay is fun and intresting and very balanced in normal and easy mode, but when they meen hard they mean, HOT GOD DAMN THIS IS HARD AS BALLS. This would not normally be an issue  but the levels are not hard the bosses are. I will go throught the level flawlessly only to have my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me on a silver platter i 15 seconds to later bosses. however this is a bullet hell so what do i know."
76561198039623728,Recommended,283680,13147143,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Master-G,"This game for people looking for twin bee and 1942. If you get it, then it means you want this!!!!"
,Recommended,283680,12202489,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Flow,Too short and easy compared to other games of the genre but the presentation is nice and it has cute girls.
,Recommended,283680,12323379,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Zerfax.Burjox,"Seems like a nice bullet hell (one of a few I could enjoy), but... I'd prefer to have english vocie-over. Do not get me wrong: I actually prefer original voices whenever possible, but it's kinda difficult to read the subs during a bullet hell battle."
,Recommended,283680,11087981,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,jt4mtb,"Astebreed is an incredibly fun shoot 'em up that's as gorgeous to watch as it is to play. It runs consistently smooth, and the changes of viewpoint throughout each level keeps things fresh and exciting.Controls are tight and responsive. The game provides a large number of attack options between wide & focused fire, lock-on variations of both, sword attacks, and ex attacks. It can be initially daunting but once you get a handle on each option's strengths, Astebreed becomes absolutely sublime to play.The only negative thing about the game is the story. Like most shoot 'em ups it's not particularly memorable. There is a handful of dialogue during levels via subtitles in the corner; but with how much is happening on screen it is troublesome to read while playing.That aside, Astebreed can put up a moderate challenge. It's not quite bullet hell, but there are times were it will feel close to it. Highly recommended for shoot 'em up fans."
,Recommended,283680,11074170,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,DemiDeityLink,Awesome Game. 10/10
,Recommended,283680,11074720,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Harou.EXE,"great graphics for a bullet hell game, short and tons of fun!"
,Recommended,283680,11077154,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,eastyy1,i was aware of this game when it was a doujin game and it looked very promising.Since i played that though they have improved it a lot has a really good scoring system really amazing graphics and sounds great to boot.As far as space shooters go it has more then most with cutscenes voice overs unlockable extras and even a tutorial.But will give one note of caution it is very very short (even by space shooter standards ) only has 6 levels so really if you are addicted to getting a high score then this is well worth a buy for everyone else would wait for it to be reduced in price a bit
76561198044430978,Recommended,283680,11004406,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sneezly,"Wow, this is a good one.  It reminds me of starfox, astroids, and several other titles that have defined space games.  Astrabreed takes the best of all of those and makes it new and exciting again.  What at first seems like a simple control system actually hides a deeper strategy of what attack to use and when.  The graphics are beautiful, and the story is also well done and engaging.  A must play, but you will probably want to plug a controller in."
,Recommended,283680,11090855,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,applebaps,"The level of polish that went into this game is incredible.  I can't believe it's a doujin shmup.  Seriously, it's super pretty.  And on a superficial level, it's very fun to play.  Never underestimate that simple, right-away satisfaction of slicing stuff with a blade or doing the EX attacks and stuff.That said, this isn't a serious shmup imo.  The constantly-changing camera, the shield, lots of things conspire to make it not the kind of game you're going to be playing for score, or really digging your teeth into as a serious shmupper.  But!  Everyone loves a nice simple game that you don't have to be super cereal about, too.  I will say, the cutscenes are neat but get annoying on repeated playthroughs.  It's good that you can skip them, but the ability to skip them FASTER or to turn them off would've been nice."
76561198086736042,Recommended,283680,11083334,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,IIIMr BlackII,"A fantastic shooter, great visuals and awesome music. A revelation in terms of controls and playability. I cannot wait for another release by this team."
76561198043996931,Recommended,283680,11206525,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Gairon_EX,"I don't often play Shmups, (Shoot 'em ups) but when I do, they're some of the most fun I've had in a long whileAsterbreed blends Shmup and Bullet Hell styles, while adding in various ways of handling hoardes of enemies. You have a bullet spread, a concentrated fire, and a close-range sword attack. By holding the buttons, you can use lock-on shots and dash slashes. Enemies will use various shot types, and by watching their attacks you can either dodge the incoming blasts, or use your sword to cut down the wave of bullets.As for the story, I never payed much attention to it. What drew me to the game was  the way the camera will shift in perspective, creating a sense of 3D, while piloting a mech with several ways of fighting off enemies. The price tag might be a little steep, but it's an investment I would make again/"
,Recommended,283680,11207010,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,MXsora,"Not the best replay value or length if you're concerned with gauging the financial value of the game on its length, but holy hell is it an amazing shmup. Great mechanics that are easy to learn but hard to master, dynamic gameplay and bosses that allow you to approach in different ways, and an over all challenging and fun as hell experience."
,Recommended,283680,11696218,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,GalesLastBreath,"For the price tag, the production value in this game is pretty solid. Watching your generic mobile-suit clone eviscerate enemy spacecraft into crumpled tin cans has it's charms. Add in a gazillion lasers flying everywhere like gnat swarm from hell and you've got a lot happening on screen.Apparently there's some kind of story in this game, but who cares. Chances are you're too busy pewpewing stuff to actually pay attention to the garbled dialogue. Even if you sandbag your mecha for a few moments to make out the conversation, it all comes across as pretty standard anime-space-opera-esque.The game short and sweet. I beat the thing on hard in a couple hours and I'm a filthy casual. Kill stuff and try not get blown up. Fun."
,Recommended,283680,11771616,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,maiku_akahane,"I am not an usual player of bullet hell games, but I have my share of Touhou project played.One huge difference is noticable from the very beginning. That is the graphics. The team has put a really huge effort in it and it paid of.Second one would be that you are in 3D enviroment so you have possible targets in front of you but as well ""behind"" in the background.Only one thing is bit displeasing for me and that is the switching from firing mode to targeting mode, but that just needs getting used to."
76561198141370818,Recommended,283680,11765138,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Judael,Just a word:  Finally !!
,Recommended,283680,19331369,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Doge-Spielen,"A different take on Bullet-Hell games...3D Maneuvering are fantastic, story are somewhat likeable, mecha designs are awesome!The graphics are very, very great!Although, the story are somewhat short...I was hoping that we can use Asymptote Esto or others.Overall, it's a pretty awesome game!"
76561198155028863,Recommended,283680,19296033,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,JanQuadrantVincent,"Beautiful, fun, with a smooth difficulty curve and ridiculous and incomprehensible story. A+. PLAY WITH CONTROLLER."
76561198060756215,Recommended,283680,19338630,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kidicarus,This game is exciting. Its a side scrolling action shooter with a very fun combat system. It has good replay value.
,Recommended,283680,19209797,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,very good shmup
,Recommended,283680,19382695,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Why so cereal?,Pros2 grills 1 botfull voice overgood graphicConsNo auto fire.No upgrade and customization.some random error force me to quit the game.
,Recommended,283680,19573969,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,op,its a great but very short game. the controls are working fine but the settings weird.nowdays its not worth 15.- money anymore
,Recommended,283680,19488529,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,d1az1non,
76561197993270833,Recommended,283680,14782114,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Max80-7,"I played it for...the plot.Rating: 7 out of 10, boasting a gorgeous visual style, a vibrant soundtrack, and an insanly tense gameplay experience, Astebreed also offers its lackluster story, its short length, its brutal difficulty curve, and its glitch-ridden level transitions."
,Recommended,283680,23292145,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Babo,A good attempt at a different kind of mech game. Enjoyed the story but the game could use some better optimization with clunky feeling at certain parts
76561197977819693,Recommended,283680,23156774,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ed Rooney,"Shmups are a dying breed, it's rare to see a modern shmup on Steam that doesn't immediately betray that it was made by a small indie team hacking together a tribute to the classics. Astebreed, on the other hand, looks and feels like a game that I wouldn't mind paying $14.99 for, but with the caveat that, like many shmups, the story takes less than two hours to play through and is designed for multiple playthroughs and highscore chasing.Astebreed plays like Platinum Games made an old school shmup. It's simple enough that someone new could make it through the campaign on a low difficulty and feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ but the mechanics are deep enough that you really need to master them for the hard difficulty or if you want to play for high scores. Once you get thngs down you'll be zipping around the screen, shooting enemies down, using lock-on attacks, deflecting enemy fire with your melee before charging in for the kill, and unleashing one of several different super attacks. As this happens the pespective will occasionally shift between top-down, side-scolling, and behind-the-shoulder. The latter works the worst, but the devs obviously knew that because that perspective is used more for wow-factor moments and comprises the least challenging moments of the game. Overall it's hectic and fun and a condensed experience without any filler. Some games might be 8+ hours long with  1.5 hours of truly exciting gameplay, Astebreed just simply ditches all the extra fluff, but regardless the length will be a sticking point for people who just want more for their money.There's a surprisingly deep story here from a shmup and it's absolutely absolutely bat♥♥♥♥♥♥insane, although I'm aware that it may just be par for the course if you're into anime. Whether you're interested in it or not, you'll likely miss most of it because the voice acting is all Japanese and the english text is shoved into the bottom corner where you're going to miss it because a good 50% of the exposition happens during firefights. Even when I was able to see the text a lot of the story is an odd mix of pretentious and inane. I have a feeling that may have been exactly the intent, but it's just not for me, and fortunately it's not necessary to enjoy the game and also completely ignorable.If you can find it on sale (it's been as low as $4) it's definitely worth a play."
76561198088047144,Recommended,283680,16641374,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Flying Cat,i can't even kill first boss
,Recommended,283680,23886194,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Z-Gradt,"It's a bullet hell where the perspective changes during the stage. It can be quite unforgiving after a certain stage, but it's an entertaining and well-made game, nonetheless."
,Recommended,283680,20807124,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,The Icy Hunter,"In Astebreed, you're a guy in a giant space mech murdering alien space boats and other giant space mechs.11/5 Would shoot alien space boats and giant space mechs IRL"
,Recommended,283680,21064438,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Noire Ultima,"I went into this game with mid to low expectations and was plesently suprisedFor a bullet hell this game is surprisingly forgiving thanks to its shield system protecting you from any slight tactical error on your part and saving you form most small shots, aswell as the fact having no insta kill death traps in the older gradius games helpsAs a whole I recommend it to newcommers fans of the genre and people who enjoy hard games"
76561198007861599,Recommended,283680,20758561,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Triple Bill (Dom),Intense classic shooter on crack! Super fun and very challenging!  Oh man I wish they had this in the arcade when i was a kid.easier to stay alive than some other modern shooters like Ikaruga and revolver360 reactor.  which are both amazing games as well.this reminds me of the fun of Lords of Thunder on SegaCD!
,Recommended,283680,20733773,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Norm,Reminds me of Omega Boost except without Steve Blum or that song by Loudmouth but this time super ~*~ANIME~*~
,Recommended,283680,22293632,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,EvilMath,So which bar is my health again?
,Recommended,283680,15815965,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Pendragon919,not your average bullet hell game
76561198044258651,Recommended,283680,15817020,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Wylphen,"Very fun, but I don't have the reflexes of an alien super being on adrenaline."
,Recommended,283680,15829713,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,JJH,"Have played hundreds of SHMUPS and so am happy to say this one is really good.The main thing I look for in a SHMUP are deep scoring systems, clever and innovative abilities/controls that provide a new twist, and then stylish graphics and this one has everything in abundance.It also has a really curious story that for the life of me I cannot fathom at all but don't really care.My only small criticism is that the only parts of the game that really challenge me in regard to completing all chapters are the bosses re Chapter 5 and 6.The difficulty of those are perfect IMO for the stage of the game but the earlier boss encounters aren't quite challenging enough perhaps.9/10 overall and recommend that anyone reading this and thinking about buying, gives it a go."
76561198146281450,Recommended,283680,14067545,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,jackstriker,Very cool design mecha shmup.This Edelweiss guys rocks!
,Recommended,283680,14070614,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SandShark,"Well, the plot is as follows:....., Just kidding not gonna spoil the plot, because this game actually managed to get me to care about the plot.  Not often you see a game with visuals, gameplay AND story!  Also giant robots with giant swords. You'd be doing yourself a diservice if you don't at least try this game. 8/10 (Not often you get such a well made AND developed game with great replayability.)"
,Recommended,283680,14062438,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Yukari Yakumo,Easily the best stg I've played in the last decade.  I seriously cannot reccomend this enough.  The fast paced melee combat is a breath of fresh air in the genre and is well implemented to boot.  The difficulty curve eases you in well but the game is insanely hectic and difficult to master.  I reccomend using an arcade stick if you have one available as simultaneous usage of blade dashing and lock-on shots while still pouring out a hail of bullets is incredibly difficult on a traditional gamepad.. And yet there's nothing in the game's mechanics that prevent you from doing just that; unleashing a full storm of locked on time-warping homing bits while you zero-shift around the screen tearing enemies to shreds all the while pouring an endless stream of shots out of your mech.This game is an absolute blast.  Astebreed is absolutely worth your money if you dig shmups.
76561198083818737,Recommended,283680,14089627,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Spoken Normals,Wow after not being too sure wether or not I should buy this game or not I deffinetly made the right choice in getting it I will just run though some things about Astebreed.First ths game is a Japanese game so no english voices which is a bit of a problem if you dont understand japanese becasue this game has so much that you have to focus on reading the subtitals can become next to impossible how ever this game is a very fast pase game that can be unforgiving at time but remains fun.The gameplay and graphics are just amazing haveing to swerve through enemy attacks while still attacking and listening to great soundtracks with stunning graphics in the backround is truely exilerating.sorrry for not going on a huge typing spree but I think there was enouph said.overall rating 8/10
76561197967535756,Recommended,283680,13984662,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mackb,"Great underrated SHUMP. Art work is good, and theres a few extras to unlock. It had short, but decent story. Combat is fast and furious. Need a decent system to run it optimally."
,Recommended,283680,15504045,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Reynaldus,"Eidelweiss really impressed me with this one!Used to play Ether Vapor (though not on Steam, but I will get the Remasterd Edition soon!) and instantly got that feeling of immersive faced paced action again when I tried out Astebreed.-Pros--Mecha designs are amazing! If you're a hardcore Japanese mecha fan, you'd love this.-Great graphics-Multiple abilities to make use of, so you can play the game your way.-Bosses are challenging and has their own sequence of attacks.-Cons--Barely enough room to fit all those effects, sometimes even to the point that you literally see nothing but bullet fire and explosions on your sceen.-Story is too short.I honestly would like to know more about the characters and the universe of Astebreed.One thing this game lacks is the story-telling, i'm really interested in it as it has a rather intriguing plot that could possibly be made into an Anime.-Voice acting for Daniel needs to be redone, parts that should be him shouting loudly sounds like someone just put their mouth too close to the microphone and saying their script with an over exaggerated slang to it. (LOL)Other than that, get this game if you love Danmaku (Bullet hell) games like Touhou Project.You won't be disappointed with the amount of destruction it offers!"
,Recommended,283680,15619232,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,{JSA}OFFICERMARIO,"Made me crazy about bullet hell games. Literally, Had me messing up my hair in one of the levels. Though once I found the pattern, it was still driving me crazy. If you're looking for an introduction into the bullet hell genre, you should get this game. It's a forgiving game(except on the hardest difficulty), has an okay introduction, and easy to learn tutorial. Though this game makes itself apart from most other bullet hell games by changing perspective. At one point, the camera will be behind the mech and another will be overhead. It has a very nice soundtrack too that kinda makes wish they had released a soundtrack dlc.Now the bad parts of the game. It's not keyboard friendly. You can still play on the keyboard like I did, but it'll probably be easier on the controller. Also, good luck on trying to follow if you don't speak the same language in the game. The moment you even try to take a glance, you'll probably die.Overall, if you want your curiosity of bullet hell games killed, you won't be disappointed with this game."
,Recommended,283680,14967551,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,EvlSkitso,"Game is very short, and if you don't speak japanese the dialog is much to fast to follow.That being said, THIS GAME ROCKS. Story and gameplay are exciting, combat is fast paced, and the ending boss will leave you wanting to pull your hair out. Then comes the next difficulties!I highly recommend this game to any anime/mech/bullet hell lovers out there."
,Recommended,283680,14687649,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,NeuralLotus,"This game is fantastic! Very smooth gamefeel; fantastic visual; a few really neat ideas; small, but fun story; awesome character design. It's got a lot going for it.It makes for a great introduction to the bullet hell genre. Playing on normal is pretty easy for most of the game. So it eases you into things. Once you unlock the next higher difficulty, it gets pretty tough. But, either way, the visuals are beautiful the whole way through. Which definitely helps to keep you engaged.The extras are also very fleshed out. The way the story is presented in game, you might feel like it's a bit sparse. But if you like floods of information (think Mass Effect codex), then the extras are pretty fun.At $14.99, I'm not sure if it's quite worth it. With a hard mode playthrough I suppose it might be (I haven't finished that yet, as I have way too many other games I'm playing right now). But if you can pick it up on sale then it's definitely a good deal."
,Recommended,283680,16020539,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,NMS88,"The game is a slightly unconventional shmup which uses both ranged and melee combat.  Superb graphics, Japanese voice acting and varied difficulty levels make it both fun and approachable."
,Recommended,283680,18923839,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"if you look carefully from all the flashy bullets raining at you, you can see your hitboxalso, pls support edelweiss"
,Recommended,283680,18827067,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jojo,"I'm an anime fan and I still think the plot to this game is weird and stupid as hell. Thankfully, you can ignore it and simply play this beautiful bullet hell game. Just be warned, it's hard as hell and has absolutely no mercy. Expect to die. A lot. Especially if you're me."
76561198019576097,Recommended,283680,29512642,Posted: 26 January,all,FullMetal,Short.Cheap.Good.
76561197983545926,Recommended,283680,29508817,Posted: 26 January,all,FudoAkira,"This is a 'bullet hell' game unlike I've ever played before, which is probably why when I first checked it out a couple of years ago, I didn't care for it. After recently replaying it, though, it's quite challenging and I feel like I have a better handle on the mechanics this time around (I wasn't abusing my ultimate attack for the final boss!). The story at first seems interesting, but I definitely feel like I miss a lot by having to turn off the audio during play. This normally wouldn't be a huge docked point, but the audio is Japanese only and I can't divert my attention from the game itself to read all the dialogue. A strong selling point is the fast combat and grand aesthetics. The mechs all look clean and have a cool look to them. The gameplay is quite hard by the end, I felt. The game is only 6 missions, though. So, unless you like replaying all of your games on Hard and 100%ing them, you may only give this game 1 playthrough if you are just giving it a go. It'd be good 'Steam sale' material for $2-3, I feel."
,Recommended,283680,33424654,Posted: 10 July,all,Ethird,"An excellent indie shooter, combines different types of shooter gameplay mechanics. Story is simple but captivating enough, typical Japanese type of anime storyline. Worth getting if on sale."
,Recommended,283680,16995069,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,bugijugi,"Have fun with last boss!Game is pretty easy on normal, except last boss!"
,Recommended,283680,34771554,Posted: 6 September,all,Mendu,"This game is visually impressive, controls great, and has a good soundtrack / voice acting. Has a good lock on / melee system and is all around a pretty good time. Be prepared to watch a youtube video of the game if you want to know what's going on with the story though. They use subtitled bits during a bullet hell game to tell most of it -__- which makes no sense. The last two bosses are rough, but in a good way. Total time to clear was about 2 hours for me, and was a worthwhile experience.If it's on sale, go ahead and grab it, I don't know if it's worth $15 necessarily, but it's real good."
,Recommended,283680,34973508,Posted: 15 September,all,VA.CAPONE,its good  little on the buggy side but very playable .
